6,"Born In The Echoes is another example of Rowlands and Simons' magic way of making machines sing.   A+
Born  In the Echoes  is  better than  Random Access Memories (Daft Punk 2013)
It deserves  a Grammy  :)",3,4,"Jul 17, 2015"
6,"I'm a bit torn on this one... it's quite a treat in places, but I can't help but feel the album lacks ambition, cohesion and 'punch' overall. For every masterful track ('Taste Of Honey', 'Under Neon Lights', 'Born in the Echoes'), there's an anonymous one ('Sometimes I Feel So Deserted', 'Wide Open', 'Reflexion'). Tracks like 'I'll See You There' and 'Go' are somwhat 'vintage Chemical Brothers' in their style, but it's been done before to better effect on their previous outings (the psychedelic hooks and arrangements of 'Setting Sun' and 'Let Forever Be' just blow 'I'll See You There' out of the water, as does 'Just Get Yourself High' and 'Galvanize' VS. 'Go').
I also fail to sense the overall artistic direction of the album. Maybe it's the tracklist and transitions between tracks that's off, but the experimental tracks of the second half just don't 'fit' that well with the restrained dance tracks of the first. It may be intentional; but I always found that one of the Chemical Brothers' greatest strengths back in the day was their ability to merge a plethora of different musical influences into a cohesive, artistic whole. Whether you're listening to 'Let Forever Be' or 'Hey Boy, Hey Girl' you just KNOW it's the Chemical Brothers. Not so here, I'm afraid.
I think part of the problem is that they've stripped their sound a bit to make it more minimalist in style - this can be a strength (the title track 'Born in the Echoes' is fantastic), but for the most part I just feel like it's robbed the Brothers' of their personality - the psychedelic edge and zaniness that made their early albums come together, come alive and explode. Seriously, check out the acid-induced production on 'Dig Your Own Hole' or 'Surrender'... it's so trashy, insane and original, you'll feel like you've gone to space and back when it's over!
Just to be clear, while I'd love for them to embrace the experimental APPROACH to production of their earlier works a bit more, I'm NOT saying that they should just go 'back to their roots' and repeat the same kind of compositions over and over again... the best tracks on Born in the Echoes are the ones where they try something new and experimental (Taste Of Honey, Born in the Echoes, Under Neon Lights are AWESOME tracks). More of that, please! I'm actually one of the few who liked their colab. with Miguel on 'This is Not A Game', a fresh, weirdly unpolished psychedelic take on a pop-track - and I'm actually not that down on 'We Are the Night' which, while certainly not perfect, had a bit more personality than a lot of the tracks on here. I'm just saying that they shouldn't be afraid to be a bit more ambitious in their productions - experiment, go crazy! It's what made us fall in love with them in the first place. Besides, they've already established themselves as the godfathers of their genre - with no need to prove anything to anyone, why not just go mental and try something completely different?
Here's hoping that their next album will be the masterpiece that I'm dead certain they still have in them... 'The future - I'll see you there!' ;)",3,4,"Jul 18, 2015"
9,"I love this record. It feels smarter and more restrained than previous Chemical Brothers albums. Sort of like they stopped trying so hard with technical the gimmicks and wizardry, and gave way to a more confident, minimal sound.",3,4,"Jul 17, 2015"
10,"I've been a big fan of the chemical brother for a long time and i was just waiting for them to come out with a new cd.  This one has a lot of catchy tracks.  I don't know if they'll ever reach the same level of catchiness as block rocking beats or setting sun, but this one has some memorable tunes.  Definitely worth downloading.",2,3,"Jul 19, 2015"
7,"A szintetikus mz ze
(The Chemical Brothers: Born In The Echoes albumkritika)
A The Chemical Brothers egy 1991-ben alaptott vetern elektronikus zenei du, akik plyafutsuk cscsn leginkbb a big beat mfajban jeleskedtek. A formci zenetrtneti szempontbl is jelents rdeme, hogy az lben kevert elektronika segtsgvel olyan bombasztikus hangzst hoztak ltre, amelynek hatsa a nyolcvanas vek stadionrockjhoz hasonlthat. Azonban 2015-ben mr abszolt megkrdjelezhet a relevancijuk. Kpes Tom Rowlands s Ed Simons brmekkora visszhangot kelteni napjaink knnyzenei lgterben?
A Sometimes I Feel So Deserted tkletes nyitny. Felkelti, s zsenilis mdon fokozza az rdekldst, valamint elkszti a terepet a kirobban refrn Go-nak. Ehhez a menetels dalhoz egybknt a legends francia rendez, Michel Gondry rendezett ltvnyos videoklipet. Ht szrke ruhs hlggyel, akik nagyon egyszerre mozognak, s kezkben kt rddal bizarr mdon jelentik meg a zene lktetsnek minden apr finomsgt. Az ezutn kvetkez Under Neon Lights-ban St. Vincent vendgszerepel. t sokan a huszonegyedik szzad ni David Bowie-jaknt aposztrofljk. A felvtelbl sugrzik a visszafojtott feszltsg. A Kmiai Fivrek az EML Rituallal folytatjk, amit olyan hallgatni, mintha egy alumniumkoh mkdne a fejnkben. Az itt kiss megfeneklett albumnak j lendletet s frissessget klcsnz az l dobszerk hatsval megtmogatott Ill See You There. Els hallgatsra mondjuk nehz megllaptani, hogy nem a konyhban, hanem a jvben fogjk ltni az illett, akihez a nta szl. A Just Bang egy vgigpartizott fesztivli jszaka hangulatra emlkeztet, a Reflexion pedig a lehet legjobb rtelemben vve verets. Nem gy, mint egy David Guetta vagy Fatboy Slim szett A bugyborkols Taste Of Honey egsz rdekes hallgatnival, br a Lenny Welch s a The Beatles ltal is fmjelezett azonos cm klasszikus utn azrt kellemesebb az ember szjze. A mzaroms szerzemny egybeolvad a lemez cmadjval, a zakatols Born In The Echoes-zal. Ennek a fogyasztsa leginkbb azoknak ajnlott, akik t szeretnk lni, hogy milyen beszorulni egy telefonflkbe, megfelel mennyisg aprpnz hinyban. Ezt kveti a lemez instrumentlis cscspontja, a Radiate. Kellemes lelkillapot s felszabadultsg kltzik szvnkbe ennek hallatn. A zrakkord a Born In The Ehoes legmenbb hangzs trackje, a Beck nekvel erst, slgeres Wide Open. Ez annak is tetszhet, akinek egybknt borsdzik a hta ettl az egsz Chemical Brothers dologtl.
A deluxe verzi ngy tovbbi dallal kecsegtet. A hangulatos Let Us Build A City s a teljesen korrekt Wo Ha utn megbizonyosodhatunk arrl, hogy a Go s a Reflexion extended mixben is van olyan ts, mint rvidebb vltozatuk.
A Born In The Echoes az ilyesfajta elektronikus zene rajonginak ktelez darab. A kevsb szakavatottabb fleknek ellenben azt javaslom, hogy bnjanak vatosan az anyaggal. A kiss avtt megoldsok, s a csak majdnem egysgesen magas sznvonal knnyen elveheti brki kedvt ettl a fantasztikus prostl. Az audiovizulis szlcsatorna viszont mindenkppen meghozta a kvnt eredmnyt: jjszlettek a visszhangokban.
7/10",0,2,"Jul 31, 2015"
7,"I don't usually enjoy electronic albums but damn if they were all like this it would probably be one of my favourite genres. The Chemical Brothers are so good at building up each track and creating catchy beats. Also, they really make use of the few features on the record; the St.Vincent and Beck features are really interesting and it actually feels like they worked hard with the band to create their tracks. Nice to see Q-Tip on a CB song again as well. So Yh 7/10 that might not sound like much but as I said before I'm not a massive fan of electronic music. This is actually my favourite record of the year so far in that genre.",0,1,"Aug 15, 2015"
0,"This album is complete and utter garbage. The tracks are unoriginal, and the overall writing is pathetic. Anybody who's coming out and saying this deserves a Grammy is an absolute moron. If you want real electronic music, I strongly suggest that you listen to Random Access Memories by Daft Punk. Don't put poison in your ears with this crap, it's one of the worst electronic albums I've heard in a long time.",0,3,"Aug 26, 2015"
0,"I tried to listen to the album twice in order to give it a fair rating, but both times I quit after the first 4 tracks and the silence afterwards is so comforting. So in my opinion this work is nothing but annoying. I can't imagine a single event or occasion to listen to this.",0,3,"Aug 17, 2015"
6,"A good overall record, but missing out on the epic landmark moments like The Test, Where Do I Begin or even the obvious bang-on-moments like Hey Boy, Hey Girl or Galvanize or Block Rockin' Beats. It's a good solid mix of (a little too much) tried and true chemical synth abuse, but a little bit lacking in the beat department. As much as the songwriting and tweaking skills have developed, the drums kind of take a back seat in recent ChemBros records. They'r organic and raw and analog, but they don't punch like they used to. Overall, this album is solidly good, but no DYOH pt.2 or another sort of great re-imagination of their sound.",0,0,"Aug  1, 2015"
8,"Another wicked electronic album that could be played in entire at a late night club, dancing with all your friends, letting go. Very creative music and great guest appearances by St. Vincent, Beck and Q-Tip. What could be better?!",0,0,"Jul 23, 2015"
6,"--press play--
1. Sometimes I feel so Deserted: Good intro, good groove. I start to feel I will like this album. It certainly does not sound like the previous Further (2010), which I loved, but is not bad at all.
2. Go: What could go wrong? One of the singles, old style ChemBros. all the way, both music and video. I got the feeling this could be one of their best albums. I wonder who 'Q-tip' is...
3. Under Neon Lights:  Not bad, not as good as the two previous songs. Not a fan of how she sings.
4. EML Ritual: Don't like where this is going. Annoying ship noises, idiotic repetition of the 'chorus'.
5. I'll See You There: 'let forever be'-style beats. 303-ish synths. Not my tempo.
6. Just Bang: Ok, this starts to sound more and more like old, very old Bros. But not the good ones, like the not-so-good tracks of the first albums.
7. Reflexion: Average. However, I am sure they have used the exact same sounds (and loops) on another song (can't remember which one).
8. Taste of Honey: The Bros. have never been famous for their lyric quality, but 'If you don't have no money, You won't get no honey, It just keeps on growin', The money is flowin'' COME ON!! Very, very bad.
--already want to play stop, but continue...--
9. Born in the Echoes: Another mediocre song, not good enough to give the name to the album.
10. Radiate: A robot voice slowly saying Ra-di-ate! Not the best tribute to Kraftwerk.
11. Wide Open: Think of a closing song similar to 'the pills won't help you now', but not nearly as good.
--finished--
Conclusion: Is not a bad album, but I did not enjoy it as much as I was expecting. It may be because I like so much the direction they went with Further (2010) and they definitely did not follow on this one.",0,0,"Dec 29, 2015"
6,"6.5    z",0,0,"Aug  9, 2016"
7,"What should a dance album really be? A reminiscence of countless raves from the past? A subtle variety in beats? Hud Mo gives a pretty explicit answer: it should be fun. With endless want of 'originality' and 'uniqueness' in contemporary music industry most EDM producers focused all of their attention on creating a sound of their own, their trademark. Although the idea by itself isn't that harmful it did bring many problems to the table. People became obsessed with the idea of creating something completely new, which leads us to the present moment, where we already lack decent dance record producers, since there's almost nobody actually looking forward to creating a likable record, but creating a 'unique concept' seems like their central idea. Sometimes this notion even leads to the creation of a pseudo-nostalgic album that borrows that originality from  the long-gone and very adored culture, that doesn't do much but destroy the appreciation for the genre (I'm not calling names, but everybody knows who I'm talking about).
And here we have Hudson Mohawke with his little sister humbly and softly pronouncing his stage name at the beginning of the record. An ironic little gesture to oh-so-many DJ's who just love to put their names in their record, screaming them, until you go completely paranoid. But this is different... This is much more personal, sincere, almost like that little whisper in the wind that attracts your attention to something much greater. And it does. The Pan Sonic-ish noise completely surrounds you the next second. But it's almost harmonic, gently guiding you even further, to your first breath. We should all say thank you to Hudson to at least be one of the few EDM producers to actually try to create a conceptual album. It's spiritually, emotionally connected. The album just screams for a genuine little smile, almost a smirk on your face, for you body to smoothly move, following the flow of soul-driven tracks.
There's so much more to mention about this album, but what I feel many miss in regards to understanding the album, is freedom to move. It IS a dance record after all. Try to shake off the strict attitude of a musical snob and just enjoy the way your body reacts to the almost-perfect production. After all, it cannot be denied. This album does make you want to dance, fully fulfilling it's role.",1,2,"Jun 18, 2015"
8,"One of the best comeback albums an artist could make. Veteran Grace fans will instantly recognize it's her and her style upon first listen. Nearly 23 years after 'Bulletproof Heart', Grace Jones still has that magic.",1,2,"Mar 22, 2012"
10,"'Hurricane' is a biggest comeback by a veteran artist! Grace Jones's imagination it so dark and powerful that made me feel like I was inside the hell and on the same time on heaven. This is amazing!!!",1,2,"Jul 18, 2014"
10,"This is the gem in her catalog for sure, a beautifully crafted masterpiece. The so-called music critics who have given the album only favorable reviews are truly clueless. They all can go back to kissing up to generic bands like u2 and britney spears.",0,0,"Nov 23, 2008"
2,"A tedious minimal-electro-pop record delivered by this Sacramento Ca. band, that helps as a shopping, or elevator background music. It just causes the boring reaction, because of its way, using almost the same regular tempo while trying to make a tribute to the disco, electro & funk records. Beware of the singer who tries to be 'sexy' and stylish, 7 people on his band and no one stoped him? A perfect gift for your friend the clothes store clerk... a burned copy of course.",0,1,"Dec  9, 2010"
10,"Much more assured of what they are, !!! bring us the best pop action in ages. By the corrosive dance rock of 'The Hammer' to the lo-fi rap of 'Hollow', Strange Weather, Isnt it? came out on the right place at the right time.",0,0,"Aug 30, 2010"
8,"For a band that seemed to be on the verge of collapse after two untimely deaths and some departing members, !!! are more focused than ever on Strange Weather, Isn't It?  I like the focus on solid grooves that form the basis of every track on the album.  The late Jerry Fuchs provides his tight drumming talent on 'The Hammer' and 'The Most Certain Sure' sounds like something you'd see Dirk Diggler dancing to at Boogie Nights.  It goes by rather quickly at about 40 minutes, but there isn't one weak song to be found.",0,0,"Sep 28, 2010"
10,"I must be getting old, but I am finding most of the critics out of touch with what I find great this year. Strange Weather is tyher case in point: Is it as fresh as their earlier works? No. Is it a great pop record? Damn straight it is. Great on the stereo and the idevice, it'll make your day a happy one.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2010"
7,"Acolyte is a good album with plenty to get excited about. Opening track of Clarion Call is energetic and with the album featuring fan favourites such as Counterpoint and Doubt; They wont be disappointed with the album! A few other stand out tracks are Halcyon and Submission. Acolyte may not grab you on your first listen but after a few times you will enjoy. A solid debut album.",0,0,"Jan 26, 2010"
7,"Room for improvement, but a modern-day Depeche Mode could be in the works here.
My picks for the album are 'Clarion Call', 'Halcyon', 'Counterpoint' and 'Red Lights'.",0,0,"Sep  4, 2010"
5,"I bought the album after hearing the singles. Looking forward to hear it, I was a tad disappointed. The songs are all pretty similar. They're all executed professionally and are at a high standard but sometimes it is just like listening to a 45 minute song.",0,0,"Jan  7, 2011"
2,"The beat is crazy and nonsense!!!! i couldn't stand to listen to the whole CD.",0,3,"Jun 18, 2010"
10,"Robyn is the Queen of pop. Every song talks with a different tone, a different mood. The best little piece of pop tis year. By single tracks Swedes don't do it more and more often: The Knife, The Radio Dept, The Tough Alliance, Marit Bergman, Soundtrack of Our Lives, I'm From Barcelona, Fibes, Oh Fibes, Sout It Out Louds... But many albums would be alright with less tracks. Eight is just enough to play them over and over again. I want a great dancehall version of Dancing On My Own. Please let it be on part 2.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2010"
10,"Our pop-goddess has returned.",0,0,"Jun 16, 2010"
9,"This first part of a proposed trilogy is another masterpiece of pop, almost as good as her last flawless effort. If the other two albums retain this level of quality, energy and freshness, we might have the pop album(s) of the year.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2010"
10,"Robyn definitely brings the best back on 'Body Talk Pt. 1'  The best song ont eh album is 'Dancing on My Own'.  The lyrics and synths are hot and the accoustic version of 'Hang With Me' is the best!!!",0,0,"Sep 13, 2010"
10,"'Crystal Castles II' recorre una amplia gama de ritmos que van desde los ritmos sosegados y espaciales como 'Violent Dreams' o 'I Am Made of Chalk', tonalidades rtmicas y bailables ( 'Celestica' , 'Suffocation' o 'Intimate') y llega hasta los extremos donde la distorcin (Lo-fi) se remarcan y le aaden dramatismo al album ('Fainting Spells' o 'Doe Deer'). Crystal Castles logra un lbum innovador de msica electrnica con una temtica muy oscura que puede volverse adiccin en cualquier momento.",5,5,"Dec 22, 2011"
8,"Crystal Castles's 2008 debut album established their sound as something most listeners either love or despise with few falling in between. This album follows up on a similar note while being more developed and richer then it's predecessor. This time around the songs feel fuller with regular use of distorted noise to back up their trademark 8 bit synth and generally stronger melodies. Tracks like Vietnam and Year of Silence continue their dance vibe while tracks like Doe Dear show they can still do quality layered noise pop. Basically if you loved their first album it's likely you'll love this one just as much if not more. On the other side though chances are if you hated their debut album this one won't win you over either.",1,1,"Sep 23, 2010"
8,"Crystal Castles sophomore effort is far from a slump. They take what made their first album so great, and add a polished, refined sound, but still manage to have that lo-fi, edgy sonic noise that only they can make. Do I prefer this album over their first? No. Is it a good album? Absolutely.  All In All, Crystal Castles have yet to make a bad album. B+",1,1,"Oct  3, 2012"
8,"The second, also self-titled album by Crystal Castles was recorded in such places as a closed church in Iceland or a cabin in Ontario so it is natural that coldness penetrated these tracks for good. Vietnam is the best example of the new sound of the duo: a spine-chilling tale of terror with some icy synths, frigid electronic backing and unintelligible vocals. The Game Boy noises so audibly present on the previous effort are hard to find. Crystal Castles (2010) is much darker than its predecessor and it is a quite depressive affair. On every level, Alice and Ethan step forwards. Year of Silence is what you would expect from Sigur Rs",1,1,"Nov 24, 2011"
10,"smoke weed everyday",9,12,"Dec 28, 2011"
2,"This album absolutely sucks compared to the first one. So horribly disappointed.",0,12,"Jun 12, 2010"
10,"Crystal Castles est ma vie.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Unbelievable album. Even better than their first.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
7,"I must say that I'm a little bit disappointed with the new album. They are breaking new ground sonically, but the overall result isn't nearly as good as their fantastic debut. The petite bourgeois in me is annoyed and confused by all the scratching and screaming and is missing the happy 8-bit melodies of Jet Set Willy.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2010"
10,"My favourite band of 2010. It's a brilliant come back, and it's full of new material. They have become a lot more accessible, but they're finally getting some kind of mainstream success which has been long awaited. I went to see them in Manchester in October 2010, and I was blown away (mainly by the bass speakers). I'll definitely be waiting around for their third album, which hopefully won't be called 'Crystal Castles' again. They go from dance/pop hits like 'Celestica' to aggressive songs like 'Doe Deer', all in a short space of album time. It's a fantastic album. There are no 'howevers' in this album, because its brilliance gets in the way too much. I would give this 11 out of 10 if I was allowed.",0,0,"Jan  7, 2011"
9,"This album is like the upgraded version of their last work and t even keeps the same name, which I think is cool, I love almost every song and never have to skip any song when I listen to it. Love Alice so much hope they keep releasing music and already can't wait for their next work.",0,0,"Nov  3, 2010"
10,"I love this album; i listen to this album all the time. I think this is the album of the year. This is number one on my list for best 2010 albums. I love the sound to this album, Crystal Castles is an outstanding band. One of the best Experimental band.",0,0,"Nov 24, 2010"
9,"They have their tricks and use them well.  CC decided to make a prettier album than their debut and it shows.    Standout track: I'm Made of Chalk, PapaSmear, Celestica.",0,0,"Jul 26, 2011"
9,"Using their first album (I) as a gateway drug, Ethan Kath and Alice Glass shape up the digital chaos that they create to give a more defined and matured sound. If you ask anyone who listens to CC to define what their music is, typical words and adjectives are rare to be found. A new kind of beast is created by CC that will leave you curiously desperate for more.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2012"
7,"This album is more psychodelic, more funny, than their debut. Songs like Baptism, Celestica  and Year of Silence are catchy! And I love ''Not in Love'' with Robert Smith vocals. I will listen to (III) now.",0,0,"Sep 21, 2015"
3,"this album is angry, but i dont understand why people fckn in love with that. (I) and (III) much better than (II), but i love Celestica, Baptism, Not In Love, Doe Deer and Suffocation, that's all",0,0,"Aug 13, 2016"
10,"This is an awesome album to just relax to. I find it hard to judge this album becuase I can't really think whilst listening to it. This is one of those albums that are just meant to be enjoyed.",0,0,"Oct  6, 2010"
9,"A relaxing and interesting album. Steady beats hold together the different vocalists floating in and out of these tracks, which are heavy with synths, slap bass, and a distinct 80's mood. 'Gaudy Side of Town' is the perfect intro into this album, which of course has a saxophone fluttering in and out. The album centerpiece is 'Faded High', which Justin Vernon of Bon Iver shines on.",0,0,"Jul 19, 2013"
10,"Uma voz simples mas eficiente, o uso MUITO bem elaborado de um instrumento novo chamado Tenori-On e conhecimento musical.",1,1,"Aug 24, 2011"
9,"This album is a great mix of electro pop and tuneful melodies, highly recommended if your into the musical stylings of Ladyhawke and Sleigh Bells!, Recommended for all ages.",0,0,"May 30, 2012"
8,"Little Boots delivers on her debut album.  This serves as a starting point for what I hope to be a exciting and long career.  Download: Remedy, Earthquake, Mathematics, Ghost",0,0,"Dec  3, 2013"
8,"A fresh, rich and varied offering.  Paper Romance and History are definite hits which will keep the masses happy for a long time to come.  Dig deeper, and check the album out from start to finish (a few times) and you'll quickly see a creative holistic showcase that I never knew was there. Great Job, kudos to all involved and hopefully more to follow.",1,1,"Jun  6, 2011"
6,"A lot of just pop filler, but overall this is a good debut from Ke$ha. 'Your Love Is My Drug' 'Take It Off' and 'Animal' are my standout tracks on the album.",2,2,"Apr 11, 2013"
0,"Ke$ha is your stereotypical pop artist, one that can not sing. If you have ever heard her live, you will know what I mean. In one point in time, having SOME singing talent was a requirement to be a pop star. Today, all you need to be have is a party girl image and pretend to be drunk everywhere you go. This whole album is full of autotune. Every. Single. Song. Yes, it's catchy. Doesn't mean it's worthy anything.",1,1,"Sep 16, 2010"
1,"Too much auto-tune and not enough actual talent. Oh and she can't spell. I refuse to call her Ke-sha, and always refer to her as 'Ke-dollar-ha'. It's how it's spelled...",1,1,"Feb 20, 2011"
1,"Absolutely awful.  Despite a couple of catchy beats, the lyrics are so vacuous and trite and the singer's voice so grating (dare I call her a singer?  She talks her way through most of the album with the voice of a bratty 13 year old) that any redeeming qualities imparted by beat or production are negated.  Ke$ha makes the likes of Britney Spears, Lady Gaga and Miley Cyrus look like refined ladies.  If I were a singer, I'd be embarrassed to share a label with her.  Just YUCK.",1,1,"Oct  5, 2010"
4,"This album is mostly filled with Auto-Tune, computerized beeps in the wrong places, and too many songs sounding the same. First of all, we have the actually decent: 'Your Love Is My Drug', 'Take It Off', 'Dancing With Tears In My Eyes', & 'Animal'. Then we have the average: 'Tik Tok', 'Stephen', 'Hungover', 'Party at a Rich Dude's House', & 'Blind'. Then, come the utterly laughable: 'Kiss N' Tell', 'Blah Blah Blah', 'Backstabber', 'Dinosaur', & 'Boots & Boys'.",1,1,"Nov 25, 2010"
10,"Definitely a contender in the run for Best Album of 2010. The beats are sick (thanks to the genius that is Dr.Luke). The lyrics are sicker. Her voice is so autotuned it's ridiculous...But it all makes for a fun album. A MUST-HEAR album for parties to come. I was ready to write her off as jst another white-trash Britney wannabe...but this girl has BALLS...and i mean BALLS! Songs like 'Boots & Boys' & 'Take it Off' are basically Britney songs sung in Ke$ha's voice. But the songs have HIT written alll ove them.",4,5,"Jan 18, 2010"
3,"No amount of autotune can turn Ke$ha from glittery train wreck into a bona fide Britney competitor cause lets face it - thats all Ke$has after. Take it off and V.I.P are the only great tracks.",3,4,"May 24, 2011"
1,"It looks like Kesha and Justin Bieber are trying their hardest to to make mainstream music even worse than it is. This album is disgustingly awful, with terrible lyrics and oh so many stutters. She barely even sings; she just talks the lyrics.",3,4,"Apr  9, 2011"
8,"I must not have any taste, but this CD makes me smile. I am not sure she is trying to be ironic, but damn if I want to laugh. The beats are catchy. She reminds me of an Uffie, but with better production.",2,3,"Jan 19, 2010"
3,"Ke$sha has a hard time understanding her job. Music Artist are supposed to create and break boundaries. Not mock them. 'Animal' may be praised for it's catchy tunes. But not all catchy music is good music. With little to no intelligence, 'Animal' has to be one of the hardest to listen to albums I've ever heard. Where there are witty and asinine lyrics and abuse use of an Auto-Tune plugin, you get a sound that is under worked, lazy, and overrated.",2,3,"Jul 27, 2011"
4,"Well............not good. I Like a lot 'Take it Off', but not the other songs.... the sound is the same in all the songs... the kind of album with 2 hits and no substance, like LMFAO's 'Sorry for party rocking' but better.( sorry for my English )",2,3,"Mar 25, 2012"
5,"To many same sounding songs.",3,6,"Jan  6, 2010"
10,"Best album of 2010. 1. 'Your Love Is My Drug'    7/10 (Annoying Chorus, great otherwise)2. 'Tik Tok'    8/10 (Great Track, But Over Played)3. 'Take It Off'    10/10 (Amazing track all around, only critique too much autotune)4. 'Kiss 'N' Tell'    10/10 (Great lyrics about a cheating boyfriend, overall extremely catchy)5. 'Stephen'    5/10 (Oh dear, only song i cant stand)6. 'Blah Blah Blah' (featuring 3OH!3) 10/10 (Effective lyrics and great overall track)7. 'Hungover'    10/10 (A softer side of Kesha, great track) 8. 'Party at a Rich Dude's House'   7/10 (Missing a special something)9. 'Backstabber'    8/10 (Great track)10. 'Blind'    10/10 (Favorite track from the album)11. 'Dinosaur'    7/10 (Funny but a little blah)12. 'Dancing with Tears in My Eyes'   9/10 (Amazing lyrics, typical chorus)13. 'Boots & Boys'    6/10 (Missing something)14. 'Animal'    10/10 (Great track )",2,4,"Aug 11, 2010"
9,"This CD Should Of Won ALBUM OF THE YEAR! A Great Debut Album, Almost As Good As Katy Perry's One Of The Boys.
Kesha 'Ke$ha' Sebert Has A Very Different Sound Than Anyone I Have Ever Heard..  I Don't Care What Other People Say 'She Can't Sing Live Withought Autotune' Yes It Sounds Different... But Still Good!
Below Is A Score Of Every Song On Ke$ha's Debut Album: Animal
Your Love Is My Drug 10/10
Tik Tok 9/10
Take It Off 9/10
Ki$$ And Tell 8/10
Stephen 9/10
Blah Blah Blah (The Hardest Song To Score.. I Hate The Guys.... K$ Does Fine) 8/10
Hungover 10/10
Party At A Rich Dudes House  8/10
Blind 9/10
D.I.N.A.$.A.U.R. (Best Lyrics)  10/10
Dancing With Tears In My Eyes 8/10
Boots & Boys (The Worst Song On The CD 6/10)
Animal (BEST VOCALS & The BEST SONG ON THE CD!) 10/10",2,4,"Oct  7, 2011"
9,"Already think it will be one of the best albums this year!!",1,2,"Jan 11, 2010"
8,"After the huge success of 'TiK ToK', all we could expect from Ke$ha was a party-all-the-time-album. Well, seems like the new rising star of 2010 have more than fun to offer in her debut-album 'Animal'. The tracks 'Blind' and 'Dancinw With Tears In My Eyes' show this. But don't be foolish to think that the party here is poorly. 'Take It Off', 'Blah Blah Blah' and 'Party At A Rich Dude's House' are three of the best dance tracks of 2010. Mix all this with a funny-track ('Stephen'), an alternative song-truth ('Animal') and a teenager-adventure ('Backstabber' and 'Dinosaur') and you've got one of the greatest albums of the year.",1,2,"Jan 14, 2010"
8,"I'm giving her an 8 just because I enjoy Tik Tok and I think she deserves a little love for it. After listening to the album twice, I can't really remember any of the songs, but there were definitely some chuckle worthy lyrics in there, particularly from the terribad 'Dinosaur.' She seems a little like a sloppy ho, which resonates with me hahah. I'll look forward to a maybe more thought-through second album.",1,2,"Jan 26, 2010"
10,"I love this album, this is what 2010 should sound like. Ke$ha is the next star in today's pop scene.",1,2,"Jan  6, 2010"
10,"LOVE this album!!",1,2,"Jan  6, 2010"
9,"Despite the ridiculous lyrics the album is a fun catchy dance album!",1,2,"Jan  9, 2010"
10,"This is very new music. Some songs sound similar at first listen. The album grows and grows on you. Great album.",1,2,"Jan 11, 2010"
0,"Abusive use of synthesizer to mask Kesha's inability to sing this kinda of music (whatever you call it, dance, pop...) has succeeded in fooling most of us (as people are finding it appealing). There is an emergence of electronic music nowadays, but that does not mean that the singer should not care about making use of his/her real voice; after all, singing remains vocal music accompanied by musical arrangements (merely talking all through videogame sounds does not make a song). May be she can try and sing more naturally next time; wish you best Kesha if you read this.",1,2,"Jan 14, 2010"
0,"No talent, horrible voice, horrible lyrics, just flat out horrible. The only people who ever like her are preppy teenage girls, and trust me they have horrible taste in entertainment. Also, what were the critics thinking?! 63?! I was expecting this to be a 38 or something. Yet they rate down good bands like Seether, Theory of a Deadman, Nickelback, Hinder, Three Days Grace, and yet rate up this loser....please.",1,2,"Jan 14, 2010"
0,"It really is sad that there are people who enjoy this. It's not even music...it's a product of the music industry for a quick buck.",1,2,"Jan 16, 2010"
10,"New pop princess Ke$ha proves that she can make hits easily with this re-freshing electro-pop album, 'Animal'. With all songs written by the young starlet, they focus around typical things that happen in life; such as having an untrustworthy friend (Backstabber), going out and having a good time despite having no money (TiK ToK), or feeling lonely without having your lover by your side (Dancing with Tears in My Eyes). With this club banging album that'll be playing on your mp3 all night, I think 'Animal rightfully deserves a 10/10. Perfect material for a rising debut pop star. Adults and Teenagers will love it, it has a very fun anthem to it. Enjoy!",1,2,"Jan 18, 2010"
2,"There are only a couple of good songs. There are too many filler songs here. Nothing exciting about this album.",1,2,"Jan 18, 2010"
0,"Absolutely awful. Contains some of the worst music I have ever heard and contains some of the dumbest lyrics ever produced. Whoever gave this girl a record label seriously needs to be fired...this scum is stinking up the music world.",1,2,"Jan 19, 2010"
1,"This is ubber trash .. the sound and the gimmicky of kesha is just unflattering and her style and music underwhelms and leaves you wanting more.",1,2,"Jan  5, 2010"
1,"I'm a teenager and i even think this album sucks it sounds like all the other pop albums of the last decade. More people need to start listening to real music",1,2,"Jan  6, 2010"
1,"+1 for being a good looking girl. -10 for the lyric 'And now the dudes are lining up cause they hear we got swagger, but we kick em to the curb unless they look like Mick Jagger.' Easily the worst combination of words ever set to music.",1,2,"Jan  7, 2010"
8,"Its funny that it's either 0 points or ten points here for this album. seems like most of the people have just decided (by hearing Tik Tok) that she is just one rubbish product of greedy music-industry. well, i totally understand why you think so, though so after hearing tik tok for the first time. ok, her music is lyrically brainless, incredibly catchy (which may annoy some people) mainstream pop with autotuned vocals. despite those facts i am still able to enjoy this album, not as an atistically deep piece of art, but as a fun party-album that makes me want to sing-along and dance around. she has said herself that she made this album to make some people dance, so why you are taking it so seriously? listen to 'party at the rich dudes house' and tell me if you still think she's serious. i give 8 out of ten, because as i previously stated, this is perfect music for going out and having good time.",1,2,"Jan 28, 2010"
0,"I hate this album as much as the next guy but please quit crying about how much music has become a commodity because its really embarassing that I constantly see people going up to a tombstone entitled 'real music' leaving flowers and crying. Ok i never really saw that but the way you people act, it might as well be. Calm down people sheesh, Its just music, not your life.",1,2,"Dec 29, 2010"
0,"A Glittery- Pop- Auto-tune Mess with awful hooks and childish lyrics. She brings absolutely nothing new to the Pop table and appeals primarily to pre-teenage girls who could care less about its terrible lyrics. Granted there is a decent song in there in 'Animal' but the record as a whole is beyond awful.",1,2,"Dec 15, 2011"
8,"A great debut album, Ke $ ha knew well the effect of using auto-tune, their songs are fun to dance and forget their problems, is a complete album made for fun, as well as the artist, it may seem commercial but is nonetheless a good album.
Highlights: Tik Tok and Animal
Lows: Hungover and Boots And Boys",1,2,"Dec 16, 2014"
8,"Ke$ha is a the whore version of Taylor Swift, and I am not gonna lie but her cd is very catchy.",2,5,"Jan 10, 2010"
0,"It's perfect for when you want a pulsating migrane. If you respect yourself and love music, just avoid Kesha at all costs. I mean, for the love of God, if she keeps getting money for this 'music' she'll never leave.",2,5,"Jun 16, 2011"
0,"Listened to this album with a completely open mind, and it was still absolutely horrible.",1,3,"Jan 10, 2010"
0,"Another bad debut album. The lyrics are easily some of the most stupid ever. I'm a teenager and even i think this sounds terrible. Go listen to some real music.",1,3,"Jan 10, 2010"
0,"Lets dissect this album. Lyrics:0 Quality:0 Musical Talent:0 Oh and BTW, everyone look up The Party by Justice ft. Uffie. Then come back to me and ask why Justice doesn't sue the living god out of Kesha.",1,3,"Jan 10, 2010"
0,"Gutter-trash lyrics over Disney Channel beats... Who is this album even for? If 'Ke$ha' is attempting to be a joke, it's working... her problem is that it's just not funny. Luckily, no one will know who she is 6 months from now.",1,3,"Jan 10, 2010"
0,"Nothing fun about this album...just some girl who keeps drinking about alcohol. Boring.",1,3,"Jan 22, 2010"
0,"God-awful to say the least. Redundant, the inappropriate and ineffective usage of Auto-Tube and the slutty drunk party girl persona. Honestly, sometimes you can even differentiate songs from another and discern when a song ends. You can thank my roommate for this review. Buy: N/ADownload: N/ASkip: Everything except 'Take It Off' which deserves one listen but no download",1,3,"Nov 21, 2010"
0,"Utter crap. The music biz is already way too diluted with garbage. This is worse than garbage. Let's hope she goes away for good. I saw her on Conan O'Brien. Stupid song, stupid lyrics and lame trashy manufactured MTV persona.",1,4,"Jan 10, 2010"
0,"Horrible, just plain horrible. Lyrics, Beats, and the HEAVY use of Auto-tune is disturbing. But I don't know who is worse though, her or Soulja Boy?",1,4,"Jan  8, 2010"
0,"Absolutely horrible 'music' that is more or less a copy of Uffie. How talking over beats with poor lyricism can be be considered music is anyone's guess. Rappers are much more clever than Ke$sha. Maybe the dollar sign in her name signifies how much it's worth?",1,5,"Jan 12, 2010"
2,"If Lady Gaga were a character on Jersey Shore, she'd be Ke$ha. Absolute garbage.",1,5,"Jan 22, 2010"
0,"utterly stupid. go listen to smashing pumpkins",0,3,"Jan  6, 2010"
4,"Only fun to listen to when you're wasted and making fun of it.",0,1,"Jan  8, 2010"
8,"Much like Lady Gaga's 'The Fame', Ke$ha's 'Animal' is one of the most well-polished successors to Britney Spears' 'Blackout'. Hard to listen at first, it becomes very enjoyable after multiple listens though intellectually, she never seems to veer away from the drunk materialistic gal she's embodying in every song or video. Even so, her portrayal is sincere and rocking and the fact that she doesn't give a f*ck what you think makes the music more enjoyable to listen to. A drunk record with a drunk soul.",0,3,"Jun  2, 2011"
9,"Surprisingly addictive. I keep listening to it over and over. Very catchy, funny, and there are some real hits on here. Favorite song right now is the title track Animal",0,0,"Jan  5, 2010"
8,"It's slutty, naughty, sleezy and over-produced. But that is the very reason as to why its such a success. Kesha comes off the streets and into our ears with one of the raunchiest albums of the year. But as drunken and atroshish as this album may be, her heart fills each song to its fullest like the cups of alcohol she has in her hands. Each song is frisky and fun, not trying to be a political statement or the next song you will hear at church. Kesha doesn't play by the rules and doesn't give a shit. Finally, an album that is pure joy and fluff (good fluff that it is). One-night stands and bottles of jack have never seemed so sophisticated.",0,0,"Jan  5, 2010"
9,"Takes the inane debauchery of pop music and exaggerates it to a facetious extreme that is both fun and funny. Ke$ha is part of a new generation of pop artists including Lady Gaga, in that any kind of sincerity is forgone in favor of practicing the 'art' of popular music. This album has so many quotable lines it is sure to spread wildly and float regardless of critical response. With 5+ radio-worthy tracks, this album is a tailor-made sensation.",0,0,"Jan  5, 2010"
10,"Love it......I'm sure the haters are either 30-something or only care about rockbands :) music doesn't have to be serious all the time.....HAVE A LIL FUN!",0,0,"Jan 14, 2010"
10,"I love Ke$ha. I'm a teenager and I think her music is very different to most artist atm. I've listened Uffie before and Ke$ha kind is like the complete oppesites as the both make music about oppersite things. (listen to Uffie Dismissed and Ke$ha Blah Blah Blah too understand what I'm saying) so I don't see why people are comparing, If I compared Ke$ha too someone it would be Lady Gaga as there both electronica and make music about the same sort of things. But anyway Good album, I love pretty much all of it XD my fav song is Your Love is My Drug.",0,0,"Jan 19, 2010"
7,"With Animal, Ke$ha proves that she can make a nice-use of the auto-tune, with many danceable songs, despite this, we can't even say if she has any vocal ability.",0,0,"Nov  1, 2010"
7,"She has sass and i'll say that. The album has just a tad bit to much auto-tune to it. Yet songs like 'Kiss n Tell' and 'Your Love is My Drug' are obvious best. The worst ' Take it Off'. It has just too much auto-tuned to it.Though the dance sound is nice at many times.",0,0,"Nov  6, 2010"
7,"Animal have (like the most of the albums) a message on the lyrics. The message of Animal is: 'it's party time'. The album's lyrics are about party and that's good because in this world full of concerns, you need to forget it and chill out. However, the album take that party message to a extreme. The album in an only word: 'catchy'.",0,0,"Nov 25, 2010"
7,"Her debut album is neither bad nor too good. It is good. Her songs are catchy and fun. The album is made for the dancefloor from 'Your Love Is My Drug' to 'Animal.' Her techno-ballads possess that dancefloor beat. Lyrically, TiK ToK, Back$tabber, and etc is bad, 'trying too hard', and empty. I love the rhythm and beats but the alcoholic lyrics is not needed.",0,0,"Nov 26, 2010"
3,"It's funny how the Auto-tuned Lady Gaga, Ke$ha, earned so much money in the music industry. While musical talents like Bjork are trying to gather people's attention by using her original voice and avant-garde themed music, Ke$ha is just a girl who wants to get fame instantly without corcerning her music. Whoever says Ke$ha is good for making fun music is wrong. When you listen to the album, the first few things you will find hating in this album are the wasted lyrics and deafening Auto-tuned Ke$ha's voice. Ke$ha does not even use her own voice in the album. It's like a robot was making this album more than Ke$ha did. The lyrics are good only when you are in the club, starting fights or putting yourself in shame either you are totally drunk or high on drugs. I say Lady Gaga is a lousy artist. Yet, Ke$ha makes Lady Gaga similar to Kate Bush because she's so much worse than the bad Lady Gaga. It'll be a miracle to her if this album will be remembered as long as Diana Ross' album did.",0,0,"Nov 27, 2010"
9,"I am a little ashamed to say that I really liked this album. Some may say a lot of bad things, but in it, there is tons of great songs. I mean, 'Tik Tok' already entered on the world pop culture. A lot of singers have covered this song, it appeared on Simpsons, and even earned a fun video parody with Star Wars. Everyone that listened to the song, got it stuck on their minds. I mean, it's not clever, but this is the POP song that we have been waiting since Britney Spears' 'Toxic.' But there are other two song extremely good on the album: 'Take It Off', a hard song that is incredibly catchy and 'Animal' that is the one that everyone that says that Kesha doesn't write good music should listen to. 'Hungover' is another song that shows a different side of her. I mean, you will like this album, if you do not take it seriously.",0,0,"Dec 12, 2010"
6,"Kesha might abuse her charm here and there, but Animal is an overly obnoxious, yet addictive guilty pleasure that spotlighted Kesha's fame and fortune. Overall, Animal gives us a hint of how crazily creative Kesha is in the studio, but let's hope she's a little more professional in her second studio album.",0,0,"Mar  6, 2011"
1,"This is a great tornado of destruction. The auto-tune is the great emperor in the crisp voice of Ke$ha, creating an eerie echo and thundering. Tracks like 'Tik Tok' and 'Blah, Blah, Blah' are simply sharp arrows going at high speed directly to your eardrums. Just say, disappointing.",0,0,"Aug 15, 2012"
4,"Ke$ha is what a lot of pop stars are these days -- spunky and obnoxious. Animal is nevertheless a generic, yet irresistibly catchy dance album that is adequately produced, but notoriously cheap. Its standout track is its lead single, 'TiK ToK', which is -- again -- irresistibly catchy. However, a lot of its weakness draws from tracks such as 'Backstabber', that are flooded in heavy amounts of Auto-Tune and sound like they were recorded on GarageBand.",0,0,"May 31, 2011"
5,"Several songs, such as Blah Blah Blah and Take It Off, are very catchy - and that's all. Autotune is used on almost every track and is sometimes extremely irritating and makes all songs sound the same. It is good that she contributed to the songwriting on every track, but only some of them are worth a listen.",0,0,"May 30, 2011"
0,"...............................................................The way she presents herself in this album and in public is trash. She is one of the worst Brittney Spears ripoffs.",0,0,"Nov 12, 2013"
3,"Many say this album was 'the best of 2010' or 'the best way to begin the new decade'.  I beg to differ.  Very few of these songs here are actually enjoyable.  Actually, I can't think of one that I truly, solidly enjoyed.  'Your Love Is My Drug', 'TiK ToK', 'Blah Blah Blah', and 'Take It Off' are all stupid.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2011"
4,"Talk about filler! There are only 6 good tracks, the 4 singles, her appearance on the Taio Cruz record dirty picture and 1 album track called kiss and tell. The other 10 songs sound exactly the same and even the youth of today would cringe at the lyrics and the production could of been done by children. The only reason why I give it a 4 is because 6 of the tracks are good. If I was you I would just buy the 5 singles.",0,0,"Dec 11, 2011"
7,"The songs on Animal are catchy, but a lot of them are too similar and generic. Ke$ha does display a lot of personality on the album. Although there was a bit too much auto-tune, one thing I liked seemed to pop up on a few of the songs' final hooks: the way her vocals were layered (on Animal, DWTIME, KnT, Blind). Unfortunately, Ke$ha doesn't display as much talent as she has.",0,0,"Aug  4, 2012"
7,"There are many earworms on this album, but Kesha's delivery is the same in each song. It's part of her appeal, but it gets old quite fast. Once again I keep admiring the people who wrote these songs (it's not easy to write light pop songs that you can hum after hearing them once) rather than the performer. And after seeing Kesha live at some TV shows, it's clear that she needs autotune for more than just a cool sound effect.",0,0,"May 19, 2012"
8,"The debut album from Ke$ha is certainly a good one! Although the auto tune can be quite unkind at times theres no doubt the tracks on this are lyrically amazing and they will get you dancing! If you take a look at the 4 singles released TiK ToK,Blah Blah Blah,Your Love Is My Drug and Take It Off, most people just think its an album full of party tracks, wrong. Look at songs like Stephen, Blind and Dancing With Tears In My Eyes. Overall a favourable album with highlights such as TiK ToK, Animal, Your Love Is My Drug, Blind and Take It Off. The only low i can find in the whole album would be Boots & Boys, i just dont really like the song personally. If you dont have the album yet, pick it up now its worth it!",0,0,"Mar 31, 2013"
6,"The songs on this album don't differ much in sound, but they are catchy throughout the whole album. Most of them show some kind of lack of intelligent lyrics, but the album is still good enough to have several good moments (Take It Off, Backstabber and Dancing With Tears in My Eyes).",0,0,"Jul 22, 2012"
0,"If you are a fan of the over-use of auto-tune, bad songwriting, and horrible vocal skills, then this truly is the album for you. However, if u have 'ears' like the rest of us do, then it is not.",0,0,"Dec  7, 2012"
10,"After 20+ listenings I would give the album an A.
After a while you learn to appreciate each and every song on this fun dance pop album. It's -as is clearer now- certainly an album with a clear organic connection to the singer. I would suggest listening to Animal Inside, a very beautiful song.",0,0,"May 22, 2014"
8,"Nice debut album from Ke$ha that managed to deliver a string of hits. It's pure party pop music, and sure Ke$ha might not have the best voice but it's a fun album and full of catchy songs. Worth buying :)",0,0,"Jan 19, 2013"
8,"Below Is A List Of The Songs And A Score Out Of 10
Overall A Good Debut!
Your Love Is My Drug 10/10
Tik Tok 10/10
Take It Off 10/10
Ki$$ N Tell 9/10
$tephen 8/10
Blah Blah Blah 7/10
Hungover 10/10
Party At A Rich Dude'$ Hou$e 9/10
Back$tabber 6/10
Blind 8/10
DINO$AUR 7/10
Dancing With Tear$ In My Eye$ 8/10
Boot$ And Boy$ 7/10
Animal 10/10",0,0,"Mar 24, 2013"
8,"If you overlook the intense autotune use, this album was actually very good. Ke$ha shows the world it's okay to be crazy and fun loving, with humorous lyrics and catchy beats.",0,0,"Mar 24, 2013"
6,"Though it feels like it was just yester-year that Keshathen known as 'Ke$ha'took a commercial bath in fame, fortune, and glitter in between from the success of her debut single 'TiK ToK', it has been nearly half a decade since the release of her debut album Animal and although she's more recently remembered for her rehab stint earlier this yearwhich actually didn't involve 'a bottle of Jack' in contrast to her nay-sayersshe remains a polarizing figure to the public. For example, her overuse of Auto-Tune made us question her vocal capabilities and with lyrics like 'D-I-N-O-S-A-you are a dinosaur', we definitely questioned her songwriting capabilities. Would she be a one-hit wonder? Is she a parody artist or is this actually as deep as it gets in the mind of this Nashville gal-turned-Valley girl? Many of the questions have already been answered, we just never really payed more attention than we should have to learn them. Her 2012 acoustic EP Deconstructed certainly spotlights her ability to singwhy anyone would wanna cover up that quivery-yet-beautifully raw Nashville accent is above meand considering her lengthy string of top-ten hits since her debut, it's out of question how successful her schtick has sold so far.
Let's get to Animal now: to sum it up, depth isn't in this record's ungrammatical vocabulary. Production-wise, Dr. Luke and Max Martin created some of the '10s most guiltiest electropop pleasures out of hits like 'Take It Off' and 'Your Love Is My Drug', however, while Lady Gaga's 2008 club classic 'Just Dance' features some surprisingly well-detailed production to accompany its drunken lyricism, neither of the aforementioned are groundbreaking in any shape or form and often sound so sweet, they rot at the brain like a cavity due to the simplicity. The highlights on the record come from assisting producers like Tom Neville on 'Boots & Boys'spoiler, it lists two primary 'obsessions' that 'bring [her] so much joy'and the Greg Kurstin-produced title track that could be the most thought-provoking, vulnerable track on the record. Her following EP Cannibal and second studio album Warrior continue to unveil more and more of her impact as a pop iconalbeit very, very calmly. As for now, Animal remains one of her funnest records to date and whether you're a female (or male) teenager experiencing bratty hormonal development or too drunk to understand who or what you are at this moment, it has a lot to offer as far as mindless dance-pop goes.",0,0,"Sep 28, 2014"
10,"I love this CD! This is not a 'mixed or average' CD! This is Ke$ha's best work, and you can see that in the songs. And songs like 'Dancing With Tears In My Eyes' show that Ke$ha isn't just a party girl.",0,0,"Aug 14, 2013"
8,"While this album is generic pop, its well done generic pop. All the songs are very catchy. Especially Backstabber and Kiss 'n' Tell are songs you'll be singing to within three listens.",0,0,"Nov  1, 2013"
6,"Um  bom album,tem boas msicas,um pouco mais da maioria,por isso o 6.
Mas mesmo nas boas faixas,houve um pecado,o auto tune.
Ke$ha aprendeu com Animal e fez albuns melhores depois.",0,0,"Jun 20, 2014"
7,"Realmente para um lbum de estria foi timo, com hits ensurdecedores e deliciosas baladas, mas o que realmente faltou  ser explorado foi a voz de Ke$ha. No lbum h muitas msicas boas mas o excesso de modificao na voz acaba tornando as faixas enjoativas, com a mesma voz robtica em quase todas as msicas (embora reconheo que h faixas que essa modificao agrega valor  msica). Se os produtores fossem mais ousados e mostrassem mais a voz original da cantora o lbum seria timo, por exemplo a msica 'Dancing with tears in my eyes'. Ele  uma msica mais limpa e transmite uma sensao mais natural e gostosa de se ouvir, gostaria realmente que nos prximos lbuns Ke$ha invista em mais msicas dessa forma.",0,0,"Jul 22, 2015"
7,"A fun album, but too much auto-tune. Other than 'Tik Tok', there are standout tracks including fun bops such as 'Your Love Is My Drug', 'Take It Off', 'Kiss n Tell', and 'Animal'. Overall a moderate debut album for Kesha.",0,0,"May 10, 2015"
5,"This was a nice debut from Kesha, but its production was repetitive and its lyrics didn't show Kesha's talent as a singer and songwriter (which is what she actually is). It's a fun album but it's not capable of doing what Kesha can do. Grade: C. Highlights: 'Animal', 'Blind', 'Dancing with Tears in My Eyes'. Worst songs: 'Tik Tok', 'Dinosaur', 'Boots & Boys'",0,0,"Apr  5, 2015"
8,"Well, I was running through the comments and all I see is people judging her about the auto tune. Weirdly or not, that was Kesha's mark back in 2010. Animal is the party girl's debut, with a lot of club songs with a diferencial: They talk about her everyday experiencies untill she finally got her spot in pop music. That's whats cool about Kesha, even though she is a pop star now, she'll never get rid of her old and vodka stained jeans. She kinda reinvented the trash pop with this amazing and well produced album. And C'mon, she slayed the pop charts with it's singles.",0,0,"Jan  8, 2016"
9,"I used to LOATHE Lady Gaga and was BAFFLED at why everyone enjoyed her so much. I even made a playlist of my favorite music which included: C,S,N and Young, James Brown, The Police, Jefferson Airplane, The Doors, Aretha... just to name a few, and I called this playlist 'Lady Gaga is Going to Die'... I did this because I felt like society was really F***ed up to think that this girl had talent. With this album, however, she completely changed my mind. I may not be a 'Gagamaniac', but I certainly respect her at least. Just enjoy it for it's musicality. Not what she says, but how she says it, and how the music enhances these feelings she is trying to make into this... music. It's certainly beautiful and breathtaking at times. With this being leaps and bounds better than her first album, I wait for what she will come up with in the future.",26,31,"Jan 22, 2010"
10,"A beautiful album by Lady Gaga, it's even better than the first one.",16,20,"Jan 13, 2010"
10,"Amazing melodies, amazing lyrics, amazing vocals... Simply, one of the greatest pop albums of the 21st century.",6,6,"Jan 13, 2013"
10,"Magic. Pure perfection. This album is flawless. Every single song is a whole different world. Each record has been developed precisely. The music and the lyrics couldn't be more flawless. RedOne + Gaga mix shines more than ever with the songs they have created together. AMAZING. I have no words to describe.",4,4,"Aug 16, 2012"
10,"I always want hear a record like that. All the songs are catchy and strongers, with could reach the #1 for seasons . Powerful voice and though Gaga thought that BTW would be her best album I think it's the best ( not too far )",4,4,"Dec  5, 2012"
10,"One of the most beautiful and wonderful album i've ever heard... I love lady gaga. This album is absolutely perfect, and poethic. Dance in the dark, Bad romance, Alejandro, So happy i could die, Teeth, Monster every song of this album is a powerful mix of great things!",3,3,"Nov 13, 2011"
10,"This album is amazing, each track flows into each other and they are crafted with perfection. All the songs on the album are flat out amazing. Best tracks are 'Bad Romance' 'Telephone' 'Alejandro' 'Dance in the Dark'  and 'Monster and 'So Happy I Could Die'100% A+",3,3,"May 13, 2011"
10,"The Fame Monster is the bridge to Lady Gaga",3,3,"May 23, 2011"
10,"Let me just say I love Lady Gaga,and I think anyone who reads this should know that.I think this is an incredible album.The darker tone is immediately apparent,especially in 'Alejandro'.All the songs are fantastic,so if you're a Lady Gaga fan,I highly recommend it,but you've probably already bought it.My only nitpick with the album is that it is censored,which is irritating.Despite that,The Fame Monster is incredible,and can be bought in the standard 1 disc version,or the 2 Disc Deluxe Edition,which has The Fame Monster,plus The Fame CD with 3 new songs.The song 'Again Again' was removed however,but not a huge loss.In the end,I highly recommend Lady Gaga's The Fame Monster.",3,3,"May 27, 2011"
10,"Um dos melhores lbuns de 'dance music' que j foi feito. Com apenas 8 msicas, Lady Gaga consegue uma sonoridade incrvel. Os hits so viciantes demais, cada um com suas peculiaridades. Foi com este lbum que ela mostrou que veio para ficar.Melhores Faixas: Bad Romance / Telephone / Dance in the Dark",3,3,"Aug 26, 2011"
10,"The Fame Monster was a perfect pop era and can most likely never be re-done. What better way to start off a new EP/CD than to bleed to death on the MTV VMA's? GaGas. ideas and presentation of fame has been quite remarkable. While presenting us with loads of artistic visions and clothes from fashion designers with ideas no ones ever seen she manages to give us radio friendly modern dance-pop masterpieces. Songs like Telephone and Bad Romance have cemented their way onto pop culture history and while her songs are portrayed to have more meaning than they probably do, it just adds more spark and life to her act. After all Lady GaGa goes beyond an album and singles. She's managed to make it on the top grossing tours EVER. Her act is remarkable and this 8 song classic will be a staple for any pop fan for decades to come. Standouts: Alejandro and Dance in the Dark",3,3,"Aug 23, 2011"
10,"This, in my most honest opinion is 'Pop-Gold'. Lady Gaga has done a fantastic job in translating the monster that is fame (in her eyes) into pure genuine Pop music. From the lyrical content, her amazing vocals and the great production, 'The Fame Monster' is a Pop masterpiece.
Must Downloads: All of them!",3,3,"Dec 29, 2013"
10,"All these songs in this album have the strong for been singles, i can say wih more confidence than ever that this album is a bible of pop music my darling's",3,3,"Sep 24, 2014"
9,"An EP that deserved to be an album in full, with great songs to sing, dance, only listen or do what you want, that's what that year was in need and Gaga did a great job on it.
Highlights: Telephone and Bad Romance
Lows: So Happy I Could Die and Alejandro",3,3,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"Catchy hooks, dance tunes, that wake up the party animal inside. The successful EP follow up to the massive, gigantic hit 'The Fame' certainly did not leave fans disappointed. One of the most, if not the most excellent pop releases in the 2000s.",3,3,"Jan 21, 2015"
10,"Though there is no denying that The Fame is a much better album, The Fame Monster stays more consistant than The Fame with its dark, mysterious tone, something that The Fame didn't pull off.",2,2,"May 27, 2011"
9,"I think that the sounds present in the songs of 'The Fame Monster' is quite original and I really appreciate the work of Lady Gaga, and I really like all the songs in the album and I think that the best tracks are Bad Romance and Speechless. Although the lyrics can often be no deep meanings or worthy of note I really love the simplicity of the melodies and choruses, which in any case does not diminish the skill and talent of the artist",2,2,"Jun  3, 2011"
10,"One of - if not the - best album of the decade. Lady Gaga continues the revolution in pop that made",2,2,"Jun 11, 2011"
9,"Lady Gaga's second album, The Fame Monster, is not fun. Neither is it sexy, nor is it jubilant. And it definitely isn't pretty. It's masterful. It's elusive, dark, catchy, rhythmical, inharmonic, satirical (at some points even humorous), and musically brilliant. It's Gaga's tour de force, her assertion into the pop-musical realm, her footprint in the cemented road of musical development in the 2k decade. Gaga, in collaboration with writers RedOne, Fernando Garibay, and Space Cowboy, proves that she, in fact, can escape the squid-like suction cups of radio music, while holding on to the classic pop templates that seem to be necessary to create a decently successful album. It's as if you gave Lady Gaga the Mona Lisa, and she transformed it into an austere Origami swan. The use of dissonance in this album is coherent and will not go unrecognized. She is effectively able to make music with making harmony, a difficult task for those artists that want to remain popular. The production value in this album is immense, much greater than her previous album, and for once, it doesn't detract from the true sound she tries to make. She doesn't hide her music deeply. In this album, she levels it above everything. It is important to note, though, that ugly does not make a song. Some moments in this album, we have to bear with the non-musical ugly, which may not be fun (and at some points, isn't even necessary to get the full effect of the album).Overall, Gaga's The Fame Monster gives us the impression that Gaga isn't just some hooker off the street. She cares about her music, like her album is her baby, and transfers as much personality and life into it as she can, making sure to include both the good and bad of her. Her album leaves us satisfied, but because of it's length, also leaves us hungry for more.",2,2,"Mar 25, 2012"
10,"Every track is absolutely amazing!! And every track has its own poweful meaning. The album is very well put together, and the production keeps you waving and dancing all day long. Highlights : every song x3 but Bad Romance for the best!",2,2,"Jul  6, 2012"
10,"In some critics say that in The Fame Monster, Gaga It really brought us something unique, bringing surprising lyrics, melodies and different rhythms. INNOVATIVE",2,2,"Oct  6, 2012"
10,"This Album is fill with dancing songs and great hook. Like Bad Romance and Telephone. Other songs like Dance in the Dark and Alejandro are great songs! This album was also a big break for Lady GaGa, Bad Romance and Telephone help her make money. She is a great Artist and this Album kicked her off w/ a great year. Overall it's a 10 and it's a great Album.",2,2,"Dec 22, 2011"
10,"Her best album !",2,2,"Feb 24, 2012"
10,"Her masterpiece ,creative and original album, much better than Born This Way and The Fame, I like every song but the best song is Bad Romance in my opinion.",2,2,"Apr 14, 2012"
10,"Realy great album.Great songs,great music videos!",2,2,"Mar 26, 2012"
10,"If only Gaga stopped here, she would have spared herself a tonne of hate. The Fame Monster is exceptionally good - 8 perfect tracks. I can't not give this a solid 10 rating, since there is not much to not love on this one (except maybe the not-so-original Alejandro video, but the song is great anyway). If you're new to Gaga, this is the one I'd go for (the only one in fact). Avoid anything that came after this. Personal favourites: Bad Romance, Dance in the Dark, So Happy I Could Die, Teeth (which is also the best Gaga song to date in my opinion)",2,2,"Mar 26, 2012"
10,"Brilliant. The best release of 2009, which certainly gave the best singles and videos of 2010. Album highlights: Bad Romance, Teeth. Simply Pop-perfection.",2,2,"Mar 27, 2012"
9,"Absolutely perfect message, the fame isn't that paradise we think, every music treat about different mistakes and causes, well produced and a great sequence for the previous album.",2,2,"Mar  9, 2013"
10,"One Of The Greatest Pop Albums Of All Time! The Lyrics Her Voice.. Magic",2,2,"Mar 24, 2013"
10,"A monument in pop music. It revolutionizes pop and will forever mark its print. The reason why Gaga is so good is that she is the chameleon of music: switching from Abba to Christina from song to another. She is simply deserving for the nomination of Album of the Year, just Arcade Fire is better.",2,2,"Aug  5, 2014"
10,"Bad Romance to Teeth - all of them are just pure masterpieces, no flaws detected in any of the 8 golden tracks on this fantastic album. Loving this album very much.",2,2,"Sep 25, 2014"
9,"Another bible of pop! Art and Gaga's criativity, you'll find here. My favorites:
1 - Bad Romance
2 - Dance in the Dark
3 - Alejandro
4 - Monster
5 - Telephone
6 - Teeth
7 - So Happy I Could Die
8 - Speechless (I prefer this one live, is so much better!)",2,2,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"This, in my most honest opinion is 'Pop-Gold'. Lady Gaga has done a fantastic job in translating the monster that is fame (in her eyes) into pure genuine Pop music. From the lyrical content, her amazing vocals and the great production, 'The Fame Monster' is a Pop masterpiece.",2,2,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"This EP is considered her best piece of music by many, and there are a lot of reasons to this. 8 fabulous tracks, not only on their productions but also on Gaga's fantastic vocals on all of them. Congratulations to the queen!",2,2,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Anyone who likes pop and isn't deaf would like it. It contains one of the best pop songs of the decade ('Bad Romance') and that, alone, says an awful lot about it.",2,2,"Sep 24, 2014"
10,"Lady Gaga comes back with an ever better album than her debut, 'The Fame'. She powers through the charts with standout tracks 'Bad Romance' and 'Telephone', and yet, still shines on less recognised tracks such as 'Monster' and the moving ballad 'Speechless'. The album that solidified who she was as an artist, Lady Gaga is far from over.",2,2,"Sep 24, 2014"
10,"philosophorse
Aug 5, 2014
10
A monument in pop music. It revolutionizes pop and will forever mark its print. The reason why Gaga is so good is that she is the chameleon of music: switching from Abba to Christina from song to another. She is simply deserving for the nomination of Album of the Year, just Arcade Fire is bette",2,2,"Oct  4, 2014"
10,"This is the best pop album of the 21st century. With the icy electropop instrumentals and the catchy hooks of songs that are all single-worthy, Gaga makes it hard to top herself. 'Dance in the Dark', 'Monster', and 'Bad Romance' are essential must-listens on the album. I promise that you won't regret giving this album a listen.",2,2,"Dec  9, 2014"
10,"To bom quanto ao The fame.
Monster 10
Speechless 10
Dance in the Dark 9.5
So Happy I Could Die 9.5
Essas so as msicas que ouo at hoje depois de 4 anos do lanamento.",2,2,"Jan  6, 2015"
9,"All of the songs are amazingly catchy and nice, and Gaga proves that she has the vocals to sing as well.She's an all rounded singer, and can dance, sing and is particularly good LIVE, compared to other modern-day singers.",1,1,"Apr  9, 2011"
9,"This Is Good Not As Good As Her 1st CD But Still Good :) Go GAGA!",1,1,"May 23, 2011"
10,"Pop music has a bad reputation: repetition, laziness, the lack of anything by the singer. Thankfuly, artists like GaGa do exist. Producing a -highly- solid (and not all radio friendly) albums with masterful songs causing 'Born This Way' to nearly burst at the seems, it stands tribute that Pop music is a genre like any other, though highly infused with rock and electronic also. Most stand out tracks for me are 'Bloody Mary', 'Heavy Metal Lovers' and 'Government Hooker'. A must buy.",1,1,"May 19, 2011"
9,"So Happy I Could, Speechless, Alejandro, Dance In The Dark and Monster are amazing tracks. The only reason it's not 100 is because there is Telephone.",1,1,"Nov 21, 2011"
9,"By far the best pop album of 2009. Way better than The Fame, 8 amazing tracks, no fillers. The vocals are great as well. Standouts - Bad Romance, Dance In The Dark.",1,1,"May 26, 2011"
9,"The album is perfect in its own way and every song in the album is definitely enjoyable to listen. It showed Lady Gaga in a different side as compared to her previous album.",1,1,"May 25, 2011"
9,"I remember the first time I heard 'Bad Romance,' having barely recovered from Lady Gaga's explosion onto the music scene with her debut album, The Fame; I couldn't believe the song I was hearing was Gaga. It sounded nothing like 'Poker Face,' and at first, my heart skipped a beat.But therein lies the strength of The Fame Monster; as a whole, the CD is nothing like its predecessor. While The Fame succeeds in being an in-your-face, shameless pop/dance tour de force about the rise to and struggle for fame, The Fame Monster takes a step back and analyzes the consequences of said actions. The result is a staggeringly good piece of pop, showing Gaga's darker (and stronger) musical side. Songs like 'Dance in the Dark' and 'Bad Romance' push the boundaries of pop music and challenge other artists to follow Gaga in creating pop that isn't (gasp) mindless, while others like 'Telephone' play to the strengths that allowed her to become this famous in the first place. The Fame Monster blows The Fame out of the water and nearly makes the original 14 track album seem of such low quality (which it definitely is not) that you'd wish she'd debuted with this one instead.",1,1,"Aug 12, 2011"
10,"This masterpice is Lady Gaga's best album. I really love it. I can listen this album 24/7. 'Bad Romance' - 10/10, 'Alejandro' - 10/10, 'Monster' - 10/10, 'Speechless' - 10/10, 'Dance in The Dark' - 10/10, 'Telephone' - 10/10, 'So Happy I Could Die' - 10/10, 'Teeth' - 10/10. Perfect album.",1,1,"Jul 28, 2012"
10,"The Fame Monster is perfect from start to finish (although the ending track 'Teeth' is a bit of a bad spot, but still listen-able), the album is a perfect juxtaposition of the glamorization of 'The Fame' that the first album highlighted, taking on a darker view on the fame. I can't choose a top track, because they are all personal favourites for different reasons, although 'Dance In The Dark' probably has the edge; but only just. 'Speechless', a piano-ballad which Gaga wrote after her father told her about a heart condition he was not planning on getting sorted, is solely written by Gaga herself, and really shows off her lyrical capabilities. To round up, the album can be easy listening AND yet provide room for thought if you listen close enough, it's a basis of what pop records should be.",1,1,"Feb  2, 2012"
10,"Good things comes in small packages and this is it. This eight tracks EP is one of Lady Gaga's best work. It's not too long or too short. You must definitely check it out. My favourite tracks from the album would be Bad Romance, Dance In The Dark and Alejandro.",1,1,"Mar 23, 2012"
10,"This was her best album yet! Bad Romance made her world famous and now she is reaping the rewards. This album is also mentioned as the best of 2000's decade by The Rolling Stones and TIME 100 :)",1,1,"Apr  2, 2012"
10,"Este lbum  realmente bom. Mostra uma verdadeira evoluo em relao ao lbum The Fame, uma GaGa mais evoluda, m, esse lbum  formado por grandes msicas, Bad Romance, que mostra o verdadeiro pop, uma msica onde no existe ningum que pelo menos sabe uma parte dela. Telephone, uma msica bem agitada, uma msica nem boa, nem ruim. Alejandro, outra msica que caiu na boca do povo na parte Alealejandro Alealejandro, Speechless, que foge do rtimo do lbum com uma msica bela e romntica, pena no virar single. Dance In The Dark, a melhor do lbum, Lady Gaga decidiu-la jogar fora. Teeth, uma msica que realmente lembra um exrcito, misses, boa msica e ambm a animada So Happy I Cold Die, viciante tambm. Esse lbum merece um 9.5, mas como no existe 9.5, fica para 10 :)",1,1,"Apr  6, 2012"
10,"PERFECT Album, Dance in The Dark, Alejandro, Bad Romance, Telephone, Teeth..... Perfect musics, dark album pop is perfect, Lady GaGa is the new queen of pop, no more questions, **** please.",1,1,"Apr  7, 2012"
10,"I loved this album she has such an amazing talent no other singer has and has such an odd choice in wardrobe!!!! As gaga forever said 'GAGA WILL NEVER BE TOPPED'",1,1,"Apr 23, 2012"
10,"This Is One Of The Only Albums I Loved Every Single Song On It!
Amazing Perfect Gaga",1,1,"May 28, 2012"
10,"A great product of the Lady herself, Gaga has managed to create an album that is near faultless. From the opening Euro-sleazy Bad Romance to the showful, almost narcissistic sounding Teeth, the album doesn't fall flat or dry. Highlights include the lead single, the bustling sounds of Telephone, the 80's touch of Dance In the Dark and the crusty rock-esque vocals on the ballad Speechless. Without doubt one of Lady Gaga's finest and most cohesive piece of music to date and a treat for the fans or pop culture everywhere.",1,1,"Jun 22, 2012"
9,"This album is better than The Fame & Born This Way. The best songs are So Happy I Could Die and Monster. The concept of the album is interesting. I want to have her new record!",1,1,"Jul 10, 2012"
10,"This album is going to be seen as a milestone in Gaga's career. I'm pretty sure. This album not only gives you 8 hit tracks to listen to, it also follows a concept and has a deeper meaning which is getting expressed on every single track. It's simply flawless and a stands head and shoulders above its competitors.
Highlights are Bad Romance, Alejandro and Dance in The Dark.",1,1,"Jul 22, 2012"
10,"A jaw-dropping album. I honestly think every song on here could've been a single except for Speechless, and that one's only because the subject matter is too personal and emotional for top 40 radio. At a trim 34 minutes long, it's clear Gaga went out of her way to only use the best she had to offer. Alejandro and Teeth are the weakest songs on here, but both are still worth listening to. Telephone sounds out of place from the rest of the album, but it works just fine on its own. But Monster, Dance in the Dark, and Bad Romance are the tracks that'll keep you coming back again and again.",1,1,"Aug  4, 2012"
10,"Es un gran album. Lady Gaga inicia una nueva de musica pop con Bad romance, beats de los beats, despus toca ms palos como en Teeth, en teeth o baladas como speechless. Uno de los mejor discos POP de la historia.",1,1,"Oct 31, 2012"
9,"The second album of Gaga prove her fascinating talent, she is unique, there aren't anyone like her, she is a 'brand', her lyrics are amazing and she has re-created pop music, nothing is the same since she is there.",1,1,"Nov 14, 2012"
10,"This album was Gaga's peak for a reason. It is a simply sublime work of pop art. I shake my head over the pop music being made today and this album is one of the few beacons of hope for the genre. Now, I have a very unpopular opinion that Telephone was not all that. I believe it's one of her most basic recordings and too generic, and is the only 'meh' moment on this otherwise perfect album. The Fame Monster's diversity is really astonishing. From the industrial sound of Bad Romance, the Latin pop elements of Alejandro, the 80's pop of Monster, the Elton John-esque Speechless, the ravetastic Dance In The Dark, the heavenly So Happy I Could Die and the sexy, kooky, Teeth, this album is a stunner from start to finish. There have been many debates even among fans as to whether this constitutes an album or an EP. Well, outwith it having 8 tracks that altogether last over 34 minutes, longer than some 10 track albums, I have never seen an EP gain this much sales, fame, get nominated for album of the year at the Grammys and generate a second world tour grossing $227 million. So I believe it is an album. And speaking of the Grammys, it was an absolute travesty that this masterpiece did not win Album of the Year. But its sales and legenadary status mean the public has spoken. A classic is born.",1,1,"Nov  6, 2013"
10,"'The Fame Monster' made me a Monster actually, and more particularly with 'So Happy I Could Die' and 'Dance In The Dark'. Gaga proved that she wasamazing with 'The Fame', which more aimed at dancing and enjoying ourselves. Each of 8 songs of 'The Fame Monster' stands for a fear and Gaga made awesome songs out of them. We already knew that it would be a great album because of 'Bad Romance'. I personally think that 'Alejandro' and 'Telephone' are the greatest songs and hits. This is so POP and the world must listen to this breathtaking album.",1,1,"Jan 30, 2013"
10,"Pretty much every song on this album is stuffed with symbolism, and it's quite beautiful. A lot of the songs are really dark and show a lot of her struggles. It's one of the best albums I've heard in a while.",1,1,"Mar 11, 2013"
10,"One of the best if not at times the most highly overrated EP released in recent years. It is an incredible piece of pop music, that will certainly leave many, dare I say it, speechless.",1,1,"Jun 15, 2013"
10,"The album is so amazing...
My favorite single: Bad Romance and Alejandro
My favorites tracks: So Happy I Could Die, Dance In The Dark and Monster.",1,1,"Nov 11, 2013"
9,"Not as good as 'Born This Way', but better than 'The Fame'. Even though it is has only eight tracks, all of them are catchy. My favorite song is 'So Happy I Could Die'.",1,1,"Aug 15, 2013"
10,"Este album es sorprendente, es uno de los mejores lbumes del Pop, junto con el productor Redone logra crear sonidos realmente buenos e interesantes, canciones realmente oscuras como So Happy i Could Die o Teeth suenan como lo mejor del album.",1,1,"Oct 13, 2013"
10,"lady gaga is amazing, she knows how to write powerful songs with a good chorus, shes so professional, she is so good, she sings so good too, she got the future, the future of music and the fame monster is the best album of the year  you know what im trying to say, im trying to say that she has passion and her album is amazing since the beginning until the end",1,1,"Oct 17, 2013"
9,"overall this is a very pleasing experience. This record is inspired by electro-house and a modern take on drum and bass and it blends beautifully. even-though this record only counts 8 songs, it's one of the more solid works ever put out by a pop-singer. the only two downsides of this record is the pummeling and non-cohesive 'teeth' and the slightly generic 'telephone'. every other song however is a fine work of pop and art.",1,1,"Oct 23, 2013"
10,"Definitivamente uno de los mejores EP de nuestros aos. Con The Fame Monster Lady Gaga impulsa su bsqueda de la Fama, tocando el lado oscuro que sta conlleva.
Aunque podra parecer arriesgada, la experimentacin en este disco es soberbia, lejos de ser pretenciosa. Definitivamente uno de los discos ms oscuros y a la vez luminosos de nuestros das.
Canciones como Bad Romance, Dance in the Dark o So Happy I Could Die son slo una muestra de la henealidad de Lady Gaga.",1,1,"Nov  3, 2013"
9,"This is Lady Gaga at her top. Every single song on this EP is well produced and i really enjoyed everything. The only reason i don't gave it  a 10 is because 'teeth' could be better.",1,1,"Nov  4, 2013"
10,"This is a Beautiful album, Lady Gaga wrotte amazing songs, such inspirational! es hermoso, tiene canciones perfectas como Bad Romance y Dance in the Dark, canciones que inspiran como Speechless, canciones que te van a hacer bailar como Telephone! es grandioso!",1,1,"Nov  5, 2013"
10,"The Fame Monster is basically one of the best albums out there. The dark theme of the album is very nice and every song is different. I still love listening to this album even though it's been years since it's came out. I LOVE every song. This is a must have album for anyone who loves Lady Gaga or Pop Music!
My Personal favorites are: Bad Romance, Alejandro, Monster, Telephone, Dance in the Dark, and So Happy I Can Die",1,1,"Nov 10, 2013"
10,"Esse CD  ouro puro, cada musica que est nele poderia ser um single de sucesso. Tem muita musica que eu escuto at hoje e fico 'como eu queria um videoclipe dessa musica'.  aquele lbum que voc leva pra vida.",1,1,"Nov 11, 2013"
9,"Her best album yet, full of catchy songs that make you get up and start dancing. It is fun, and full of great songs for clubs, this is a unique album that deserves our applause.",1,1,"Nov 15, 2013"
9,"An excellent extension to her Fame album, The Fame Monster keeps up with the quality of its predecessor, with even more depth and an overall tone that's darker and more defined. The songs from this album would go on to win her more fans, with the likes of Bad Romance & Telephone, becoming huge smashes worldwide. Its edgier feel puts this album forth as one that will be thoroughly memorable. More significantly, this album spawned music videos that drove her popularity to stardom, with the highly-acclaimed first two singles taking charge at the 2011 Video Music Awards.
On a personal note, this is my favourite album off my CD collection (one that has more than a hundred copies), with it taking the most spins on my stereo. The reason why I adore Gaga so much, and where I'd say I derive my audio pleasure and satisfaction.
Standout Tracks: Bad Romance, Speechless, Dance In The Dark, Telephone (ft. Beyonc)",1,1,"Nov 29, 2013"
10,"With the follow up to 'The Fame', anticipation was high and the pressure was on the newcomer Lady Gaga to prove herself to the world - in this 8 song epic concept album, she does just that. Each song represents a different monster/fear. Bad Romance, for example is the fear of love monster, and Telephone is the fear of suffocation. The songs go much harder here than on 'The Fame' although they don't lose their disco edge. Along with the fear of the album, we have an underlying sadness, which is really evident in songs such as 'So Happy I Could Die' and 'Monster'. Considered by many to be the pop icon's finest release, Fame Monster proved that Gaga was not going away anytime soon.",1,1,"May 22, 2014"
10,"My favorite album of the all time produced by Lady Gaga, I don't think she will be ever able to top this, because it has everything, from amazing performances to flawless songs, I really enjoyed Bad Romance!
I give it a fat 10!",1,1,"Jan 12, 2014"
10,"This album is no doubt her best, its so dark and catchy, I loved every track my only complaint would be that alejandro was a single, when tracks such as dance in the dark, speechless and monster are far superior.",1,1,"Jan 31, 2014"
10,"Album maravilhoso que traz canes maravilhosas como Dance In The Dark,Alejandro e at Teeth.
Bad Romance  o grande naipe-pop do album.E Telephone  s o recheio.",1,1,"Jun 20, 2014"
10,"A rare album, with eight tracks that has the power to win Grammys and make the artist live in another level of the fame. That's what Gaga created! The Fame Monster has impressive, catchy and original songs and the lyrics are unreal. This is an album that just LADY GAGA can sing, others are not capable.
One word to define it: EPIC!",1,1,"Jun 25, 2014"
10,"It is an awesome album. There are so many good tracks on this 2 CDs. My favourite tracks are Bad Romance, Monster, Brown Eyes, Love Games and of cause Poker Face. The value is really high and I fell not the slightest regret for buying this album.",1,1,"Sep 15, 2014"
9,"Where every Gothic pop started, Gaga created an explosion of thoughts, erotically or romantically, for a blast of sick tunes and heavy beats big enough to turn the pop music history upside down.",1,1,"Sep 30, 2014"
10,"One of her best works, truly the album/EP of the decade. No one not even her (although we hope) will top this EP. The song choices and lyrics are very dark and beautifully written. This is easily worth ANY amount you may pay for it. a masterpiece",1,1,"Jan  5, 2015"
10,"you can not explain how this album was amazing, deserved to be universally acclaimed because gaga worked very well in it , is one of the true influential albums of the current POP , finally , he was very good for all",1,1,"Feb 28, 2015"
10,"Just a perfect pop album, there's no waste on any of its 8 songs. Just the fist song ''Bad Romance'' is a prelude of how great is the rest of the album.",1,1,"Feb 21, 2015"
9,"'Teeth' can not destroy this genuine work of art. With engaging beats, heavier than its predecessor, The Fame Monster can ensure their quality and still provide something new to the repertoire of Lady Gaga. As for the retro tracks, marked here by 'Speechless' and 'Dance In The Dark', can have a higher quality than those of its predecessor. With seven tracks hair-raising, we can't even be discouraged by the annoying repetition of 'Teeth'.",1,1,"Jan 30, 2016"
10,"FANTASTIC ALBUM. Truly not a bad song on it. Most underrated song has to be Dance In The Dark, should have been the 2nd single instead of Alejandro!!!!",1,1,"Mar  5, 2016"
10,"I remember hearing Alejandro for the first time... it was the most beautiful thing that i have ever heard back then, the sound of it, the melody...oh... and this emotion carries throughout the whole album for me. The songs are all individuals on their own, strong, independant songs, pop masterpieces. Bad Romance is one of the best songs ever, it is trully unique and special... i could go on writing about this album forever, but i will just say, 5/7 :D",1,1,"May  1, 2016"
10,"The simplest masterpeice album i have ever heard    .",1,1,"May 20, 2016"
10,"Much better than Lady Gaga's first album, 'The Fame Monster' manages where the first one fails: focus. It is much more focused on what Gaga is really about: good beats, interesting lyrics and just good music to dance to and enjoy oneself. After seeing the videos, too, it just all fits in perfectly. Basically, all of the songs are very good and they are all feel related somehow, even the stand-out ballad 'Speechless' which is Gaga's first really good ballad.Also, her cooperation with Beyonce is noteworthy in 'Telephone,' which is one of my favourite dance tracks ever. Definitely, a much better album than 'The Fame' and an excellent 2nd album for Gaga. If she keeps this up, we're in for a treat when the next album comes out! Good work!!! Rah rah ah ah ah Roma, roma ma, Gaga ooh la la. :)",4,5,"Aug 13, 2010"
10,"Another blockbuster album by Lady Gaga. Bad Romance is the best song off the record. Bad Romance is just spectacular in every way. The song 'Monster' is a close second. Each song is well written and produced.",4,5,"Nov  6, 2010"
10,"Lady GaGa continues her transition into the position of reigning Pop Queen with The Fame Monster - Her deliciously different and sparklingly brilliant sophomore album. The album has it's highs and lows, but what's so amazing is the fact that the lows aren't really lows, but are only slightly lower than the others in the set. Bravo GaGa, bravo.",4,5,"Jan  2, 2011"
10,"Lady Gaga has just slayed the pop history with a 8-track EP.This EP is life !The theme ''monster'' has became a trend + the singles are still gaining spins on the radio.Totally a pop classic and this will be remembered after 20 years.The lead single Bad Romance is just a masterpiece on its own , in fact the song crashed the charts and award ceremonies last year.Alejandro is ''latin-insprided pop song'' but the instrumental is just amazing!The 3rd song on the album ''Monster'' explains all those bloody-monster theme + the beats and the lines are amazing.Speechless is the only ballad in the album.To be honest that is the greatest ballad-pop song i've ever listened in 5 years.Fernando produced Dance in the Dark is the best song on the EP.The lines , the beats - da da da dance vocals ~ Everything on that song is just perfect.Telephone (feat. Beyonc) has already shown as the best collabration in 5 years by critics and award shows.So Happy I Could Die is more down-tempo chill pop song but still great.Teeth is like the wackiest thing on that album but it completes the whole era , the theme.Lady Gaga did a great job with this album - Totally worth buying.",4,5,"Jan  4, 2012"
10,"Amazing. Fans will love it and people that hate her will hate it. But if you listen without bias and you like pop music then you will fall in love.",3,4,"Dec  4, 2009"
10,"On;y criticism is that its too short. This album explores deeper themes than The ame and boasts catchy numbers like Bad Romance and Telephone. The lone ballad Speechless shows a side to Gaga that most people wouldn't have expected.",3,4,"Nov 25, 2009"
10,"Pop phenomenon Lady Gaga does it again. Not only does she provide love-filled songs, but opposite of 'The Fame', she talks about the dark side of fame. 'The Fame Monster' is an addition to The Fame era. With 8 brand-new tracks, each one is about Lady Gaga's 'fear monsters'. She also proves that she can run over any artist in the industry with the singles including 'Telephone feat. Beyonce', 'Bad Romance' and 'Alejandro'. Some songs will make you want to cry, including 'Speechless' and 'So Happy I Could Die'. Many are club-friendly.",3,4,"Feb  4, 2011"
10,"OMG!!!!! My favorite album ever!!!!!  'Dance in the Dark' is the best song on the album.  The album shows a different side of gaga.  'Speechless' is a song that usually makes me cry because of the ontent and how heartfelt it is...GAGA WILL NEVER BE TOPPED",8,12,"Sep 16, 2010"
10,"The darker side of Gaga is definetly compelling but lacked in depth, but she sure knows how to crank up tunes that most pop stars can only dream of. With standouts like 'Telephone', 'Bad Romance' and 'Teeth', this album will please both new and old fans. Now ... let's redefine the length of a 'studio album' shall we?!",4,6,"Jan  7, 2010"
10,"She out-did herself!!",4,6,"Nov 26, 2009"
10,"The future of pop music as we know it. This album has the magic to uplift the uninspired and entice the casual... a colorful explosion of mental therapy.",2,2,"Jan 22, 2010"
10,"THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST PSYCHEDELIC/ELECTRONIC ALBUMS I HAVE EVER HEARD. You will be hearing rainbows and seeing music in no time. They album is best listened to in its entirety (as with all great albums) but highlights include: Stop Talking, Graphics, Bicycle and Plain Material",1,1,"Mar 23, 2012"
9,"Dreamy pop/electronic of the highest order.",0,0,"Jan 12, 2010"
9,"Ladies and gentleman, I present to you, the founding father of Glo Fi. Next to Neon Indian, Memory Tapes has given birth to the Glo Fi movement. This album is an achievement, although drawn out at times it is phenomenal. Highly recommended.",0,0,"Jan 25, 2010"
8,"Flashmob is a fantastic follow-up to OK Cowboy and in some ways better than it's predecessor.",1,1,"Jan 30, 2012"
10,"Excellent album. Should be more well known but its not. Great mix of Electronic and lyrics. I love it. One of my Top albums of 2010. Battles have just done a mix with him on their latest album Gloss drop. (track Ice-cream )",0,0,"Sep  1, 2011"
9,"Fun, cohesive effort from a band who's worked their asses off to deliver great, energetic music to their loyal fans for years. EXTREMELY underrated dance-rock group that deserves the success they found with their first two singles.",0,0,"Nov 10, 2009"
10,"This band is pure genius. Critics hate them because they know the band are having LOADS of fun and satisfy a fanbase who don't give two bananas about stuffy/lazy reviews.",0,0,"Nov 10, 2009"
9,"Either you get this band or you don't. The 'professional critics' obviously don't. This is a rock soild album with only a few fillers (egyptian cowboy, steal your bones, and you're bored). Listen to it twice, you'll be hooked. How are these guys not more famous? America's taste is full of fail.",0,0,"Nov 11, 2009"
10,"Perhaps their best album. Consistent and solid tracks. Their videos are still consistently bad having a budget of all about $100 or maybe it's not that much. I think this album is a new high for the band. I'm disappointed by their next two albums but I live in hope that they can again reach these heights in the future.",0,0,"Sep 29, 2012"
7,"A Pretty Good Album!",0,0,"Jun  4, 2012"
10,"I was really happy that I bought this album! I cant think of a bad track I heard on Ready For The Weekend! Calvin Harris's best album in my opinion. Best tracks in my opinion: The Rain, Ready For The Weekend, I'm Not Alone",0,0,"Jul 10, 2013"
10,"Easily Calvin's best album. Every track sounds very unique. It also has a sweet retro vibe using a lot of old game sound effects in songs. Standouts on the album include The Rain, Blue and the title track Ready for the Weekend. A must own!",0,0,"Feb 15, 2016"
8,"Excelente disco,Esperar 4 anos para esse novo disco valeu a pena.
S as msicas Kiss And Fly,Graffiti Soul E Blood Type 0 Que so meio fracas
Top Graffiti Soul
1-Stars Will Lead The Way
2-This Is It
3-Rockets
4-Light Travels
5-Moscow Underground",0,0,"Jan 11, 2015"
10,"Excelente Disco,Esperar 4 Anos Para Esse Novo Disco Valeu A Pena
Top Graffiti Soul
1-Stars Will Lead The Way
2-This Is It
3-Rockets
4-Light Travels
5-Moscow Underground",0,0,"May 30, 2013"
8,"Dei 10 mas merece 8 em contas diferentes pois  sou eu em 3 contas...Enfim...  O lbum  excelente potentes tracks mas uma,duas ou 3 fracas na verdade s um pouco fracas.. Merece 8 sem dvidas",0,0,"Jul  6, 2015"
8,"......................................A Good album not so great but good............. With two excellent bonus track,the original 'Shadows & Light' and the cover of Neil Young 'Rockin' In The Free World'    And in the album Light Travels,Stars Will Lead The Way,This Is It and Rockets are Great tracks",0,0,"Oct 21, 2015"
8,"Pois  merece 9 ou 8 na verdade merece 8 pois Kiss and fly  fraca junto com as pouqussimas fracas Graffiti Soul & Blood Type 0
Top Graffiti Soul
1-Stars Will Lead The Way
2-This Is It
3-Rockets
4-Light Travels
5-Moscow Underground",0,0,"Jul 20, 2015"
8,"...................................................................................................................................A Great album.......................",0,0,"May 11, 2016"
7,"I'm pretty disappointed by this album, since the boys apparently can't steer their own careers at all...but their voices are still as amazing as ever. As a fan from the beginning, I still love them, but the only songs I can really listen to intentionally are Undone, Straight Through My Heart, This is Us, and All Your Life (You Need Love). Its upsetting that these guys have such potential and they keep missing the mark when you'd think the decisions they need to make would be obvious. And what happened to AJ's pretty amazing solo album?",1,1,"Oct 18, 2009"
10,"this album rockzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz :-) the way the brian sings is more nice than before all albums and the linkin park should learn from them bsb forever",1,2,"Aug 29, 2012"
0,"Ever noticed the reviews below are written by East Indian fan boys...who have no real sense in pop music or real music in general! That says a lot.....this really sickens me! don't listen to these guys below! U can do far better then these horrid artists....or ahem.....losers!!",0,1,"Oct 16, 2009"
10,"BSB is an underrated group as a former singer myself I marvel at how well they still sing after all this time. On This Is Us they do a great job vocally with all the songs no exceptions If the critics and media stop hating and get off their backs, this album is destined to be huge.",0,0,"Oct 10, 2009"
8,"The boys return to form with their latest studio album. The songs which are good are really good, and the songs that are bad are really not that bad either (except for the insanely strange PDA). Strong vocals in 'Shattered', 'Undone' and 'Bye Bye Love' should be enough to pull the album through.",0,0,"Oct 10, 2009"
10,"Fantastic album. So good to hear these guys again. I hope they play in Omaha!",0,0,"Oct 10, 2009"
0,"This is the worst album I have ever listened to.",0,0,"Oct 11, 2009"
10,"This is a great pop album. If radio would just play them this album could be huge.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2009"
5,"Well, I like the boys since 11 years. I've waited for something that could beat 'Backstreet's Back' or 'Unbreakable' - but unfortunately 'This Is Us' doesn't bring it. Too much of the same, I had the hope their music would grow with them. Solely 'Bigger' gets me and is indeed nicely arranged, the rest rather reminds me of what I could get from any no name boyband out there. Nothing that would stand out from the crowd.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2009"
9,"This is much better than their previous album and it appears they will hit a bitter audience with this cd. That being said, vocals are amazing - as usual! Looks like the boys are back!!",0,0,"Oct 13, 2009"
10,"It is brilliant, i think the best album they've come with and fianlly, a good taste of music. It feels like how come they didn't do this the past 16 years. This Is Us, PDA (Little Weird), Masquerade, She's A Dream and STMH is brilliant and leaves you gasping for more. Enough Said.",0,0,"Oct 16, 2009"
10,"BSB the best band i've ever seen.",0,0,"Oct 10, 2009"
10,"THE best BSB album so far.music lovers from all over the should listen to THIS IS US and rejoice.and bsb fans should buy 2 or 3...one for them..rest for gift.",0,0,"Oct 10, 2009"
10,"This is a fantastic album, a lot of up tempo music.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2009"
10,"Just like the other record company employees on here, I love this album! Truly magnificent! A+! Better than the Beatles! Better than anything out there! Too bad old marketing schemes don't work anymore and our fanbase is in their late twenties and listening to Black Eyed Peas. Boy bands must be YOUNG; this is essential to their success. Young girls must be able to THINK/HOPE/BELIEVE they can date the band members...",0,0,"Nov 18, 2009"
9,"I think that, all in all, this is a decent album from a group that have done well to last so long in the music business (over 16 years they've been going now) having been labelled as a boy band. Yes their songs are pop and are typically boy band material but they do have particularly strong vocals which are again shown off pretty well in this album. I like the use of various instruments and some sound effects are present from time to time which adds to the atmosphere of the tracks. I like that this is another album that has quite an uplifting feel to it. It isn't utterly 'sugary sweet', its quite listenable, I don't feel too embarrassed playing the majority of the tracks. I think this time around, they've, for the most part, swapped quantity (track wise) for quality and so having listened to the album in full a few times, im left feeling impressed. This, to me, features the classic Backstreet sound with a modern twist and it isn't as mediocre as their last studio album was, so I would definitely say its worth checking out. If this is your sort of thing then check it out.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2009"
0,"Horrible. This is one of the gayest bands on earth.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2009"
10,"Their best work since Millennium in 1999, ten years ago. Excellent.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2009"
8,"First didn't like their 'new' sound , but now it sound great!",0,0,"Oct 14, 2009"
10,"Great album! The only song I'm not too keen on is She's a dream but all other songs are great.",0,0,"Oct 16, 2009"
10,"This is the best cd since thier comeback. The sound is tight, the production is A-1, the lyrics not cheesy. It's too bad that critics will not give these men their due. They've put together a really good cd with this one.",0,0,"Oct 18, 2009"
10,"This Is Us is fan-freakin-tastic! Get out and buy it if you haven't already. The smooth hip-hop feel of 'If I Knew Then' and 'This Is Us' is pure magic and shows the talent the guys have of captivating the female audience. I love all the songs (I agree though that 'PDA' is a little weird -but all is forgiven), but my absolute favorite would have to be 'Shattered'. The lyrics and the arrangement is hauntingly beautiful and the first time I listened to it had tears in my eyes. Anyone who has ever had a broken heart can definitely relate to the feelings that this song stirs up. BSB's performance on this album is outstanding!",0,0,"Nov 18, 2009"
3,"Ouch! Whilst the real Heligoland album is nowhere near as bad as this, my first listen was in such disgust that a band could take 7 years to produce such garbage. Whilst the score of 3 may appear too low, for the fan, this is nonredeemable...",0,3,"Feb 20, 2012"
10,"Really LOVE the album!! she's the greatest MUSIC icon of all time alongside Michael Jackson. LONG LIVE THE QUEEN!!!",4,4,"Oct 19, 2009"
10,"An amazing collection!",1,1,"Oct  5, 2009"
10,"How could a collection of well over 30 pop classics from the past three decades receive anything but 10/10? Most artists would kill to have even half that number to include on a Greatest Hits compilation, yet Madonna would have needed to double the number of tracks on this collection to include all of her worldwide hits. Kudos to one of the most outstanding performers of all time.",1,1,"Oct 17, 2009"
10,"Since when does a four and a half out of five star review from All Music count as a 70? Looks like the folks at metacritic.com haven't taken basic math!",1,1,"Oct  3, 2009"
10,"A perfect way to summarize an amazing 25+ year career. p.s. please re check all music guide rating is 90 not 70 in their website.thanks.",1,1,"Oct  3, 2009"
10,"Excellent greatest hits package. Showcases the many genres of Madonna's songs. Awesome track listing. Excellent audio quality. Excellent artwork.",1,1,"Oct  3, 2009"
10,"THE QUEEN OF POP! An amazing collection that everyone should own!",1,1,"Oct  5, 2009"
10,"Fantastic collection with some defyning pop songs. Whether you like her or not you can't deny the importance of her music. Includes 2 new songs!",1,1,"Oct  5, 2009"
10,"Queen of pop! For the haters above, you can choose NOT TO BUY this GH collection if you don't like it. While you are bitching about Madonna's GH, she's having huge success with it around the world, so clearly many fans love this GH, this is a slap on you haters face!",1,1,"Oct  6, 2009"
10,"The best album of the year!! A must buy for die-hard Madonna fans!!!",1,1,"Oct 17, 2009"
9,"Great compilation and 2 great new songs...celebration is very contemporary and revolver takes her into a new dimension.",1,1,"Oct  2, 2009"
10,"Madonna plain and simple, the best pop artist of the century.",1,1,"Oct  3, 2009"
9,"Aside from a few missing hits (Causing a Commotion, This Used to Be my Playground), this collection is a testament to how impressive Madonna truly is.",1,1,"Oct  3, 2009"
10,"Love it the best from undisputed queen of pop.",1,1,"Oct  3, 2009"
10,"Even better than Immaculade Collection. The album art is just sensational.",1,1,"Oct  5, 2009"
10,"No other artist has been so vivid in thier carreer that has lasted almost 3 decades. Great music. Great videos.",1,1,"Oct  5, 2009"
10,"Undoubtedly one of the strongest 'best ofs' that has ever been released.",1,1,"Oct  6, 2009"
10,"Queen of pop.",1,1,"Oct  6, 2009"
10,"Why buy it? Because this is history baby!",1,1,"Oct  8, 2009"
9,"Now 'Celebration' is something to celebrate for. The Queen of Pop brings her first compilation since 2001, which is full of brilliant hits including 'Like a Virgin', 'Into The Groove', 'Like a Prayer', 'Ray of Light' and 'Hung Up'. The album is a full-set length with most of Madonna's number #1 hits worldwide, and although some tracks which are satisfactory to some people are not featured on it (Including 'American Pie', 'I'll Remember', 'Rain'), the album still manages to bring an awesomeness to it.",1,1,"May  3, 2012"
10,"36 reasons why Madonna is one of the greats.",1,2,"May 29, 2011"
0,"Her Another ill-fated attempt at grabbing some more funds from her 'old' fans! I never see the point in these 'Greatest Hits collections'...clearly the artists wants that much needed dollar! There are some really nice collections with bonus tracks/extras and this isn't one of them! She needs to retire and get the F**K off the Pop wagon!",0,2,"Oct  4, 2009"
1,"Madonna should be ashamed of herself. Selling the same things over and over and over. Pass.",0,2,"Oct  5, 2009"
0,"Someone kill this money grabbing wh*re! She is a grandma and yet she can't seem to retire her self from producing shit*y pop music! Leave it to other artists like kylie and britney. F**k this old B*t***!!!",0,1,"Oct 16, 2009"
3,"She could have worked it better with those new tracks, they're boring!",0,5,"Oct  7, 2009"
5,"I sit firmly on the fence with this one. Madonna truly is a gifted singer and songwriter but I just don't understand her or the record company. Sure, they both want to cash in on her final release for Warner Brothers. No problem with that, but why repeat a whole load of songs already found on Immaculate collection, GHV2 and Something to remember. There is a wealth of material that could have gone onto the final 'Best Of'. A wasted opportunity. What a pity.",0,2,"Oct 18, 2009"
0,"Piece of crap.",0,6,"Oct  4, 2009"
0,"A waste of time and money. Very Poor.",0,2,"Oct  4, 2009"
0,"Dude. NOT cool.",0,2,"Oct  6, 2009"
2,"Any fan worth their salt would have most of this its a cash grab for retirement for the old work horse.",0,2,"Oct  7, 2009"
9,"In the end, you",0,1,"May 23, 2011"
10,"As a Madgeaholic, I had hight hopes for the tracklisting, and am mostly satisfied. The mixes, however, leave a lot to be desired. While I like the Shep Pettibone mix of Express, I still would've loved to hear those horns of the album version remastered. Miles Away, 4 Minutes, Don't Tell Me, Ray of Light - all needlessly bucthered at the end! And why in hell no Bad Girl on the video collection? Madge and Christopher Walken were brilliant in that vid!",0,0,"Oct  7, 2009"
10,"Great compilation album.  Only purchase the 2 DISC VERSION if you are going to buy it because you get cheated if you only buy the 1 disc version.  Covers pretty much all the highlights of Madonna's career so far and includes 2 new tracks 'Celebration' and 'Revolver feat. Lil Wayne'  A must have!",0,0,"Apr 12, 2012"
10,"an amazing collection,buy it
Madonna plain and simple, the best pop artist of the century
long live the queen!!!!",0,0,"Nov 22, 2010"
9,"This shows off her wonderful career but there are many songs, I believe, that are missed out. The essentials are here, but Madonna has many other brilliant songs.",0,0,"Nov 27, 2010"
10,"J' ADORE! Many of the hardcore Madonna fans don't like 'Celebration' and 'Revolver', but I have to strongly disagree - that's Madonna! Foremost she's a dancer.",0,0,"May 25, 2011"
8,"Caution to Madonna fans: there are several glaring omissions from this greatest hits album, while there are several questionable inclusions, like 'Hollywood'. One of the two new tracks, 'Celebration', is not groundbreaking enough for the Queen of Pop. However, this is a fairly solid compilation. I just would have substituted some of the tracks for others that were left out.",0,0,"Jul  3, 2011"
9,"Some might look at this as a business opportunity for Madonna. It might be, but it's actually good, as you get tracks which aren't on her studio albums. For example, if you do not own The Immaculate Collection, you'll have Justify My Love. Other tracks like Vogue, Who's That Girl, Crazy for You and Beautiful Stranger are also tracks which do not appear on studio albums, so it's always good to have them all in one (although I would recommend I'm Breathless). Another good addition is Into the Groove since, as I'm sure most of you are aware, it was left out of the remastered version of Like a Virgin, which is very frustrating, as it is one of her best tracks in my opinion. So, basically, it's a good CD is you want tracks like those mentioned all in one CD, instead of purchasing CDs for one song. Apart from that, the title track and Revolver are addictive",0,0,"Mar 26, 2012"
10,"Firstly i will start off with the negatives
it doesnt contain every single huge hit! this used to be my playground, American pie etc are missing but when you are Madonna you couldnt fit it one 2 discs!
now positive
the album is amazing!! it shows the vast catalog of Madonna hits over the last 3 decades! (and counting)
she is undoubtedly the QUEEN OF POP
every song is a 5/5
and therefor the album is a 5/5",0,0,"Aug  8, 2013"
9,"I'm sure that stans will die for this record. Madonna did a genius move by releasing her iconic past singes and added to 'em two new songs. 'Celebration' and 'Revolver'  Everybody will love it. The essential album of the year.",0,0,"Sep 21, 2013"
9,"A great compilation from an iconic artist. The only reason I don't give this album a perfect 10 is its exclusion of tracks such as 'True Blue', 'Jump' and 'Give it 2 Me'.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2013"
10,"A collection of the best hits of Madonna just might be something perfect, Madonna proved the most interesting pop singer of recent years, call her ''Queen of Pop'' is not overstate her, your title is great his great contribution to pop culture. ''Vogue'', ''Like A Prayer'', ''Express Yourself'' and ''Ray of Light'' are great achievements in pop music.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2013"
10,"Simplesmente... A bblia da msica pop, a coleo dos maiores hinos de Madonna. E duas novas msicas perfeitas. S no  melhor que Immaculate Collection.",0,0,"Dec 14, 2013"
10,"One of the best greatest hits albums. i just miss some hits such as Angel and Give it to me. And revolver is very average  song next to all the other greatest hits from the queen.",0,0,"Jul  2, 2014"
10,"A comprehensive collection of Madonna's best songs. In addition, there are two new tracks - 'Revolver' and 'Celebration'. The new material is equally fantastic. 'Celebration' infact was nominated for a Grammy in the category 'Best Dance Recording' where she is the most nominated artist.",0,0,"May 14, 2016"
10,"The queen of pop surprise us again with this compilation. A perfect collection of the best Madonna hits. It could be missing a few songs, but it's definitely an art gallery of Madonna's career.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2016"
8,"The Jaxx are back with the best music since Rooty, with Scars bursting at the seams with creativity and fun. Although not digging too much new ground (although Day of the Sunflowers might have you thinking otherwise), Basement Jaxx are on the right tracks again, having rediscovered the fun that made their Remedy and Rooty so memorable and upping the ante on their production skills. However the main fault is that the album doesn't have enough filler - the tracks are excellent but don't feel like they're in the right order. Although not a bumpy ride, the excessive twists and turns may be a little much for those who love their albums smooth.",0,0,"Dec  7, 2010"
4,"The last album of this London Duo doesnt  connect in many ways and disapoints after listening to 'raindrops' weeks before. We now know they listen to a lot of generes but whats the point of using them in a simple, boring way for your record? They invited a lot of guests that in some cases doesnt make the songs better neither merge their style with the bands, its a voice in some electronic base.Thank God for the single purchase option, otherwise we would have pay for wasting our harddrives space.To try it: Raindrops, Feelings gone (feat. Sam sparro), Day of the sunflowers (feat. Yoko ono)",0,0,"Nov 18, 2010"
9,"Brilliant album. He completely represents grime music in a brilliant way.",0,1,"Dec 31, 2010"
8,"A solid combination of both the old school Dizzee Rascal and the Dizzee Rascal of the new generation. Dizzie's grime roots are still evident, but working with producers such as Calvin Harris and Shy FX allows Dizze's style to be taken to new levels.",0,0,"Apr 12, 2015"
5,"Only a couple of good songs disappointing.",2,2,"Aug 29, 2009"
10,"Best Album Ever. makes you want to dance. When you think you have heard the best song a better one plays next.",1,1,"Sep  7, 2009"
10,"I never really manage to listen to any cd for weeks at a time,,, but this 1 really won me over and im listening to it as i speak.",1,1,"Sep 28, 2009"
10,"A fantastic piece of dance/pop music, showcasing guetta's ability to still create modern and catchy tunes.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2009"
10,"David Guetta has gone mainstream with this Dance/House/Hip-Hop blend, and that is not a bad thing. Most of the songs are single material, with the potential of becoming hits.",0,0,"Sep  2, 2009"
8,"Some good and catchy beats, some songs are ok at best but a few a really great and you cant help but sing to some of the catchy lyrics. a must hear.",0,0,"Oct 10, 2009"
5,"Sounds outdated with bland beats - bound to be popular though.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2009"
7,"With some excellent dance songs, such as 'When love takes over', 'Sexy **** and 'Gettin' over you' this is one of the best dance albums lately. However, there is a lot of very repetitive songs as well....  Definitely a good album, overall, just that the second half of the album feels repetitive and not very fresh. Still, highly recommended!!",0,0,"Aug 19, 2010"
9,"David Guetta released his latest album, One Love, in August 2009. Completing his success in his previous albums, like 'Just a Little More Love' and 'Guetta Life', this album is expected to be the next hit. Its first single 'When Love Takes Over' which featured Kelly Rowland, peaked #1 on the UK Singles Chart and topped many other countries worldwide becoming a huge summer and dance-floor song. One of our favorite song of the album is 'Sexy **** because it's just uplifting and kind of inspiring and what we don't like is 'Gettin' Over' because it takes too long to get to the climax of the song. For the music, it's quite uplifting but sometimes this album can be a little boring. It's boring because some of the songs have a climax that is too late and the lyrics are just repeating all the time. Overall, this album ROCKS!",0,0,"Aug 23, 2010"
7,"The album was good. But I'm not a big fan of dance and some songs were quite boring to listen to.",0,0,"Feb 21, 2011"
7,"What I expected really, a dance album with big stars and big beats. Most dance fans won't mind this album. But if you do some research and then go on amazon, I am sure you will find much better dance albums for half the price.",0,0,"Dec 10, 2011"
5,"This album can't be a 10 in any event, because the lyrics are truly **** but David Guetta makes good club music. Some surprisingly good features from Novel, Akon or Ne-Yo, whether Kelly Rowland gains success in fedding my ears up in three different songs. All in all, 'One Love' has got ups and has got downs (more on this side), but is a very nice LP for a club night - not more.",0,0,"Sep 18, 2012"
9,"This album deserves more justice than it is getting here. This album is a heavyweight in house music. and definitely the best from David Guetta. Even if you are hesitant to listen to house music, this album will make you a raving fan.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2013"
8,"Un lbum notable, muy recomendable para fans de este tipo de msica. Tiene canciones y melodas geniales, sobretodo 'Sexy ****'. En su da deb escuchar esa cancin unas 20 veces...",0,0,"Jul 10, 2014"
8,"It lacks the over bearing cockiness of Cobra's second album, but it has an ability to grow on you.",0,0,"Aug 13, 2009"
10,"Fun CD! I would say its a must have; it has something to satisfy everybody!",0,0,"Aug 11, 2009"
2,"How does this piece of crap have a metacritic page and Thrice's 'Beggars' - album of the YEAR by FAR isn't reviewed ANYWHERE.",0,0,"Aug 16, 2009"
7,"Due to the number of plays 'Good Girls Go Bad' had, I was shocked to hear Hot Mess sound anything like pop-rock. I expected nothing but an ego-trip and found that Hot Mess is a solid and somehow modest album for the most part. Each song takes on it's own direction and has plenty of fun, yet at an artistic pace. I wouldn't say Hot Mess is Cobra Starship's best album, but I will say that it is their safest and most balanced album yet.",0,0,"Mar 23, 2012"
7,"I used to like Cobra Starship when I was younger, so going back to this album, I found it to be still enjoyable albeit a little goofy and cheesy. People who still like their music will enjoy this.",0,0,"Mar  5, 2016"
7,"I used to like Cobra Starship when I was younger, so going back to this album, I found it to be still enjoyable albeit a little goofy and cheesy. People who still like their music will enjoy this.",0,0,"Mar  8, 2016"
7,"I used to like Cobra Starship when I was younger, so going back to this album, I found it to be still enjoyable albeit a little goofy and cheesy. People who still like their music will enjoy this.",0,0,"Mar  8, 2016"
9,"Nice moves with catchy tune. PARTEH ROCK!!!",3,3,"Sep 21, 2011"
6,"It is what it is. A good mix of rap and techno to drink to. If you are expecting to be amazed or wowed then go buy Mozart. Sit back have a red bull and vodka and just get it.",2,2,"Aug  7, 2009"
7,"Funny, Fun, Fresh, Sexy, Dancey... Everything is combined to bring the best album for the summer. A must for around the pool if you wish everyone to shout the same song.",2,2,"May 28, 2011"
7,"Fun album! good for partying.",1,1,"Aug 27, 2009"
10,"Fun from start to finish. I can't stop listening to it. This coming from an old guy of 45.",3,4,"Aug 19, 2009"
1,"Really unpleasant album from start to finish. Just when a song starts to get catchy the lyrics go in the most childish direction imaginable and everything gets really depressing and crude. Not only that, the actual music behind the words is pretty bland, certainly not the work of talented beat-smiths. Avoid at all costs.",3,5,"Jul 31, 2009"
1,"A very bad album, not the worst though. Maybe the songs are catchy for some, but I can't find the feeling and excitement for the songs in this album.....",2,4,"May 24, 2012"
1,"Blatant, cynical demographic marketing, from the band name right down to their fake blog showing how 'party' they are, to their audacity in naming a genre that did just fine without them. This is packaged, produced party music that reeks of boardrooms and business decisions rather than the real, sweaty, organic smell of a party, something choatic and in love with life, bubbled up from the underground. Leave this disc alone and pick up something much better, such as an A-Trak release like Dirty South Dance, or Girl Talk's Feed the Animals, or Spank Rock's YoYoYoYoYo.",1,3,"Aug 11, 2009"
9,"Man, LMFAO's 'Party Rock' is one great party song. The tune's catchy and full of rhythm. I have no idea why this has a average of 4.0, but this deserves a higher score. EVERYDAY I'M SHUFFLIN'.",2,7,"Nov 11, 2011"
0,"Don't buy.",1,4,"Aug  4, 2009"
0,"Like, LMFAO! LOL! We, like, totally get this whole 'internet' language! And we know you kids love it! When you see the title of this record, you will probably be ROFL'ing all day long, and will promptly buy it the like little consumer clone you are! Don't delay! Buy today, and participate in the rapid degradation of American culture! LULZ!",0,2,"Aug  1, 2009"
0,"A crime to all music. Disastrous.",0,3,"Jul 31, 2009"
0,"Just bad.",0,2,"Aug  5, 2009"
0,"Maybe ok for autotuners with the same drunk ass, **** dumbass childish **** ideas, I pick even a **** mainstream rapper over Skyblu and Redfoo, what names are that too?",0,0,"Aug  1, 2012"
0,"These songs annoy the hell out of me. Someone with no talent could have written these songs.",0,0,"Oct 14, 2012"
7,"Plain and simple: This album accomplishes what it sets out to do, and that's to be a fun, light-hearted, party album. While it may not be lyrically dense, it may not go down in history as a classic, it may not touch on any social issues, but it doesn't try to do any of those things. It's not failing what it's not trying to accomplish. It accomplishes what it sets out to.",0,0,"Jan 15, 2016"
8,"Strong if not perfect throughout. Both the lead and the music/production are bringing their game strong - makes it happen. Agreed the PItchfork review is off-kilter - Miike Snow's strength is the awesome moments of synthesis they make, combining organic and synthesized - P-fork seems to come out of the gate with an expectation and when MS doesn't fulfill it, it gets knocked for it.",2,2,"Aug 19, 2009"
9,"Well crafted, deliciously melodic. Those Pitchfork boys missed the point on this one (not cool to enjoy yourself anymore according to some). Easily more hits than misses and for me this this album is delightful.",1,1,"Jul 16, 2009"
9,"An extremely well made and creative record, a true hidden gem!",1,1,"Aug 25, 2009"
7,"Was recommended to me by a friend and I really like about 3/4 of the album... had no idea about his pop connections but this album is worth checking out definitely! Fave track: Burial.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2009"
9,"An outstanding album with several fantastic songs, they have a tellent  for bending several genres into one song without it sounding thinly spread or just a bunch of noise their song are unique yet still viable to a wide audience.",0,0,"Mar 13, 2011"
8,"http://www.manikmusic.net/reviews/miike-snow-happy-to-you/After three long years, Miike Snow finally release their highly anticipated album entitled Happy To You. The album is nothing but an absolute goldmine with Christian Karlsson and Pontus Winnberg",0,0,"Apr  1, 2012"
6,"Miike Snow is a Swedish indie pop band that on the album 'Happy To You' collected europop, pretty good songs - which quickly caught in the ear. Group mainly and in largely part uses synthesizers,  instrumental samples and muffled vocals - which in total gives us a carefree songs that are catchy.  It is worth noting 'Pretender' or single 'The Wave'.",0,0,"May 13, 2012"
8,"I like the beat and the melody, the music is great and I am able to listen to it a million times over. Miike Snow has great music overall. I would recommend this to anyone.",0,0,"Jul 14, 2013"
10,"Fantastic electronic album. Nothing short of excellent. Get it.",0,0,"Jul  5, 2009"
7,"Couple of days ago I played Seamonkey on a proper audio system, that gave me the biggest kick in a long time. This album has loads of awesome stuff, but prefer listening to Happy Birthday! But absolute worth it doing this one.",0,0,"Nov  3, 2010"
10,"You must hear this album and, if they tour again, see Moderat live!",0,0,"Mar 16, 2011"
9,"Intelligent Dance Music at its finest.  Brilliant in execution.  Thrilling in emotional breadth. Cinematic in scope.  I will never tire of this album.",0,0,"May 15, 2015"
10,"This album is extremely refreshing. As a matter of fact, it is condensed with many potential hits that we will remember even years from now. The lyrics are also very interesting and on top of that, the songs are as catchy as ever.",0,0,"Apr 21, 2009"
10,"Truly brilliant - intelligent pop lives!",0,0,"Apr 22, 2009"
9,"It's a wonderful album and i just keep listening to it again and again and again. i should say i didn't expect it would be that good. really great. i gave it 9 cause i rarely give 10 to anything (10 is just a divine perfection.",0,0,"Apr 29, 2009"
9,"The best Pet Shop Boys album in 16 years.",0,0,"Apr 21, 2009"
9,"Absolute best Pet Shop Boys release since 'Very' over 15 years ago. A few of the tunes will prove to be dance floor hits in the halls of electronica... no doubt about it. The rest is pure POP done right.",0,0,"Apr 21, 2009"
9,"Simply put, this is classic Pet Shop Boys -- their best collection of new material since 1993's 'Very.' These 'boys' are now in their fifties, but the music they create remains fresh and vital.",0,0,"Apr 21, 2009"
5,"The only difference between this album and their previous albums is the cover. Each song sounds just like the rest, there is nothing new here by them that we haven't heard over and over and over.",0,0,"Apr 21, 2009"
9,"For me, this is PSB best album. Brilliantly produced with soft, sweet and irresistable melodies. The last album from PSB I enjoyed listening to was Very. After that, I've found them quite boring. Yes came as a total surprise. Great!",0,0,"May  1, 2009"
9,"A return to form!",0,0,"May  2, 2009"
10,"2 bRAINLEss, The best Pet Shop Boys album SINCE VERY (1993)......
Top Songs Of 'Yes' (2009)
1-More Than A Dream
2-The Way It Used To Be
3-Pandemonium
4-Building A Wall
5-Did You See Me Coming?
6-Vulnerable
5-All Over The World",0,0,"Apr  8, 2016"
10,"...............................................................................................................Amazing Album ,The Last Masterpiece of Pet Shop Boys, Elysium (2012) is very Weak, and Electric (2013) is better than Elysium (2012) but is not one Masterpiece like critics say...",0,0,"Apr  4, 2016"
10,"...........................................................................................................................................................................a beautiful masterpiece",0,0,"Apr  4, 2016"
10,".........................................................................................................................................................Mmamama",0,0,"Apr  5, 2016"
10,"This amazing album, is the proof that the Rolling Stone magazine don't have credibility............................................................................",0,0,"Dec 30, 2015"
10,"Amazing Album!!!!, The Best Since Very (1993), Even Fundamental (2006), Being also a great album, this surpasses too much...
More Than A Dream, Pandemonium, The Way It Used To Be, Building Wall, Did You See Me Coming,All Over The World & Vulnerable are Masterpieces....",0,0,"Apr  2, 2016"
10,"...................................................................................................................................................................................................excellent",0,0,"May 11, 2016"
10,"The simplistic style is irresistible! These guys do a great job making great music without any complication. Great drumming, great bass lines, great guitar work, and really great keyboard work on this one!",2,2,"Sep 22, 2012"
9,"The Whitest Boy Alive is the band that I wish that everybody could appreciate and know , with those two factors , TWBA will have problems in future productions .But ignoring the problem, TWBA's Rules is as compelling as it is a masterpiece .",0,0,"May  1, 2012"
6,"6.0    z",0,0,"Aug  9, 2016"
10,"Great sounds. Fortunate combination of moden rythms and ethnic Indian tunes. The soundtracks can quite successfully exist out of the movie as an independent album.",0,0,"Feb 11, 2009"
9,"Excellent.",0,0,"Jan 31, 2009"
0,"Awful album, so ordinary, overrated, terrible.",0,0,"Feb 23, 2009"
10,"A perfect 10. The film and the soundtrack create a fabulous mixture of pulse throbing energy. Jai Ho in true Indian style epitomizes what every person who visits India feels - triumph inspite of the odds. A R Rahman has long been considered the best music director in India - with this album the world takes notice of that fact. Jai Ho!",0,0,"May 27, 2009"
9,"This is not Rehman best outing, considering his other hits in India. Seriously! When I consider that this album actually got an Oscar, I felt what if the oscar guys had heard Rehman's other great works. Overall Rehman knows that the work of soundtrack is to enhance a scene and not hinder it. he is a master at this, and slumdog is just another proof of that.",0,0,"Feb 28, 2009"
8,"'Jai Ho' is what makes this album awesome. Jai Hoooo!!",0,0,"Mar 16, 2009"
0,"That's terrible, Why it wins two Oscars?! I don't understand, maybe is a signal from the end of the world.",0,0,"Mar 19, 2009"
0,"7.9 points for it?, its only ghetto and pseudo-dance music, I can't stand Jai Ho its so stupid song, like the rest of the album.",0,0,"Mar 19, 2009"
0,"Horrible album, its has awful songs like Jai Ho, A Oscar for it?",0,0,"Mar  8, 2009"
0,"Awful album, I don't understand why music like this overrated and pure merchandise, this is no Indian music!!!, its so ordinary freak-dance, Jai-Ho its one of the worst songs I've ever listen, and this album makes me lose the faith in humanity.",0,0,"Mar 17, 2009"
10,"I love it. Amazing!",4,4,"Jan  5, 2009"
10,"This is Britney Spears' absolute best album. With songs like ''Unusual You'', ''If U Seek Amy'', ''Womanizer'', ''Circus'', and ''Kill The Lights'' it's no wonder as to why this album went straight to #1 on the Billboard.",1,1,"Jan  2, 2009"
10,"Britney is at the top of her game with this fabulous Circus album, it's a mesmerising powerhouse of an album that more than earns being titled the greatest album of 2008. Womanizer,Circus,Out From Under,Kill The Lights,if You Seek Amy,Shattered Glass,Unusual You,Mmm Papi,Mannequin,Lace & Leather,My Baby,Rock Me In,Phonography and Amnesia are nothing but fantastic...all of which should be released as singles for sure.",1,1,"Jan  3, 2009"
10,"I find that her new album is just as good, if not better than 'Blackout'. I feel like all of these so-called music critics who have given this album poor ratings merely do not care for Britney, Pop music, or both and therefore they have a bias opinion. Any fan of Britney will absolutely love this album. So just ignore all of the haters, because what they think really doesn't matter anyways.",1,1,"Dec  4, 2008"
9,"This is a pop gem!!! very modern, she knows what she is doing, both american and european flavors.",1,1,"Dec 11, 2008"
10,"Great CD. Blackoput is much more original, but she sounds much better on Circus which is nice. It's more self-conscious of a CD, but there are some great moments: Unusual You, If You Seek Amy, Blur, and Out From Under is her best ballad since Everytime. GO BRITNEY!",1,1,"Dec  2, 2008"
9,"This album seems to get Britney back to the path she was on, musically at least, before Blackout. Blackout, for me, was one of her best albums ever, if not her best album of all time, an album I could listen to the entire way through (except for that 'Why Should I Be Sad' which was sort of out of place). This one is the same, with the one sort of 'off' song being 'Mmm Papi,' which is just a little too out there, but maybe it will grow on me. Otherwise, 'Circus,' 'Kill The Lights,' 'If U Seek Amy,' 'Shattered Glass' are all amazing dance tracks, while 'Out from Under' and 'Unusual You' provide two of her best ballads ever (best since 'Everytime,' for sure).",1,1,"Dec  2, 2008"
10,"Simply 100% Perfect Album And Singles
This Is The 1st Britney Album That Should Get A Perfect 10/10!
Great Album!",1,1,"May 29, 2012"
10,"amazing album the best album of 2008 she did her thing on this album it was really her comeback album she nailed it with Circus and Blur and the album is timeless.",1,1,"Mar 25, 2016"
8,"A collection of soft, circus-themed songs that after a while may sound dull but will always be anthems ('Womanizer', 'If U Seek Amy'). Loving 'Mmm Papi' and 'Lace and Leather' aswell.",1,2,"Sep 10, 2011"
9,"How to make a great album?? Ask to Britney Spears! After her dark period Britney gets back with a simply fantastic album, 'Circus'. Funny and engaging, when you listen this album you feel like in another world, like in a  'Circus', because you feel a lot of feelings in the same moment and so you are confused but also charmed. Best Songs? 'Womanizer', 'If U Seek Amy', 'Kill the Lights' and 'Out From Under'.... Great Job, Princess! ( sorry for my English )",1,2,"Apr  7, 2012"
5,"Mediocre, no standout tracks. Disappointing follow-up to Blackout, which I consider to be her best album by far.",0,2,"Dec  3, 2008"
2,"The most awful album in a long time!",0,2,"Dec  9, 2008"
1,"Just awful.",0,1,"Dec  4, 2008"
0,"Utter Crap.",0,1,"Dec  6, 2008"
9,"I have only two words - oh yes !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",0,1,"Feb 24, 2012"
10,"Circus is great album, not her best but still good enough for 10!",0,3,"Mar 23, 2012"
1,"Katy Perry bursts back onto the scene with her amazing second album that is full to the grim of the tongue-in-cheek atmosphere that got herkhkkjhjghjbnnnnn",0,2,"May  4, 2015"
7,"Classic... Britney deserves to be the ringleader But be honest some of the songs is not danceable.",0,0,"Jan 31, 2010"
10,"She is back?and the album is amazing.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2008"
10,"I absolutely love this album, definitely one of the best she's ever created and its one hell of a comeback.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2008"
9,"I really like all the songs... its more on techno-urbanish album.. britney's back, i guess.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2008"
10,"An amazing album. womanizer = 10/10 at first i thought it was a cool song, but the more i listen to it, the more i like it Circus= 10/10 The production sounds like POM2, but it's just as fun as Slave... Out From Under= 9/10 lovely ballad, her vocals are great, but i'm not that into slow music kill the Lights= 10/10 Amazing track, clever lyrics, the New queen is HERE Shattered Glass = 10/10 Good ol Pop!!!! If You Seek Amy=10/10 Amazing track, the best Track on Circus, Love it, Clever, and fun Unusual You= 10/10 A True Gem Blur= 9.5/10 In the style of 'Early morning' with a Very Timbaland Kinda Beat. Mannequin=10/10 a new Experience, amazing track Mmm Papi=8/10 Fun track, silly yet catchy Lace and Leather=9/10 Very Late 70's-early 80's, Guitar solo, cool... My Baby=10/10 not really feeling the track, but the lyrics are beautiful, she really loves her babies Radar= 10/10 Fun amazing track, It's super cool P.S. i know haters will come and give Brit a 0 rating, saying she's talented and the usual stuff, i've read it all, anyway she worked hard, if you don't like it, give it at least 4 cause she really worked hard.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2008"
9,"I love britney. love love love her.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2008"
10,"This album(Circus) is by far Britneys' BEST WORK. She has shown the world that recovery is possible along with time and dedication. She is back on track and music and dancing is her element. She also is able to see her children and rebuilding a relationship with them. We should all be happy that she picked herself back up with help from dad and the families support!! I wish you well Britney and everyone shuld buy your album!!!",0,0,"Dec  3, 2008"
10,"Excellent Album, fantastic tunes and suprisingly addictive!!",0,0,"Dec  4, 2008"
9,"I think this cd is really good.. i used to be a hard fan of britney a long time ago.. and i think shes taking the good way again.. pop music to the max... and great rythm.. excellent job!!!",0,0,"Dec  4, 2008"
10,"BEST ALBUM EVER, great comeback!!!!",0,0,"Dec  4, 2008"
10,"Excellent production and the normal catchy songs you would expect from any Britney album. 10/10 Superb.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2008"
9,"As far as pop-albums go, this is an insanely pleasant album to listen to. Will it last long? No, but is pure pleasure and fun. Why not a full 10 point score? Because 'Blackout' was even just a notch more complex.",0,0,"Dec  6, 2008"
10,"The best pop electro album of 2008.",0,0,"Dec  7, 2008"
10,"It's very addicting and danceable...circus, womanizer, If U Seek Amy are the best tracks, but there are many more that are worth listening to. If you love dancepop, then this is an album to have. Not one of Britney's best, but it's one of the most played on my itunes. Good job, Brit!",0,0,"Dec 30, 2009"
10,"I think this is a cool album...ang my fave from this album is If you seek amy(say it fast).",0,0,"Jan  4, 2009"
10,"Well Ms Spears you are certainly back and this albums proves it. You are really the comeback queen with this amazing new album full of pop-dance tracks each could be a single. Your best work to date without a dout. A+++",0,0,"Jun  7, 2009"
10,"Circus is an addicting and adventurous tale of pop perfection. Welcome back Britney!",0,0,"Dec 10, 2008"
10,"Great Album! Can't wait for tour!",0,0,"Dec  2, 2008"
10,"Honestly, this CD is pretty good, but not as good as blackout...very different, but good. She knows how to make some great hits and there's a song for every mood. It's nice to see her back above waters and alive again. Hopefully her tour will surprise us all! I luv this girl!",0,0,"Dec  2, 2008"
10,"I love this CD! I just rushed to Target and bought the Deluxe Edition! Britney is and always will be amazing. I am so happy that she is focused and successful. I love you Britney!",0,0,"Dec  2, 2008"
9,"I can't imagine wanting much more on what is mostly, but not entirely a dance-pop project. Blackout was a more focused project for a niche market and I think Circus will be embraced more by the masses. The entire cd doesn't sound the same and she mixed things up a bit.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2008"
10,"Catchy, Bouncy, Noisy, Nasty, Sexy, and Tasty.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2008"
9,"Great Album...much better than Blackout. Only a couple songs I was not feelin', but overall I think she's back in true form. Circus, the song, is awesome!",0,0,"Dec  2, 2008"
10,"It loos like a Blackout 2 , but a lot better!",0,0,"Dec  2, 2008"
6,"Although Britney allegedly was not very engaged in the project, 'Blackout' was so much better than 'Circus'. With all of her previous albums, there was at least one or two really, really catchy tunes. I was so dissapointed that there was not one tune on here that I liked. I won't be listening to it over and over again like I did with Blackout.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2008"
10,"Love B. Love the album.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2008"
10,"Best cd ever...im a mother of 7...plus 3 foster children....Britney has been thru a lot and I give credit to anyone who is trying to rebuild their lives!!! PLUS...the cd is just fierce...go out and get a copy of your own!!!!",0,0,"Dec  4, 2008"
10,"Go out and buy this cd or you will regret it the pop queen is back on top!!!!!",0,0,"Dec  4, 2008"
10,"I've never liked Britney Spears...But I see that she is trying and is working on a better life for herself and her children...I just picked her cd up to get a taste....YUMMMM....the cd CIRCUS is steller!!!!",0,0,"Dec  4, 2008"
10,"Great album-listen to it non stop! Go Britney!",0,0,"Dec  5, 2008"
9,"I love it!!!!",0,0,"Dec  5, 2008"
10,"Love this album - a few of the tracks are slightly dry in the middle (unusual you, blur and mmm papi) but generally another Britney classic. Tracks such as womanizer, circus and if u seek amy show Britney at her best. A different sound from her 'crazy' and 'baby one more time eras', more electro-pop than bubblegum, but no less enjoyable.",0,0,"Jan 11, 2009"
10,"Great album! Unusual You is the stand out track here!",0,0,"Jan  2, 2009"
10,"Easy, breezy, fun, pure pop.",0,0,"Jan  4, 2009"
0,"Are you kidding? this album is so horrible!",0,0,"Mar 19, 2009"
10,"Britney's personal life may be a circus of its own, but with this Circus, she proves once again that she can shove aside the paparazzi and the rumors for long enough to make a successful, poppy, and infectious dance album. Best tracks are Circus, If U Seek Amy, Womanizer, Shattered Glass, and Kill The Lights.",0,0,"Mar 21, 2009"
8,"This was a solid effort by Britney and her team, and the album does hold together very well. The album is full of catchy anthems which are guaranteed hits no doubt, but the album does have one or two tracks that seem to drag on a bit. A problem that wasn't seen on her sleek & sexy predecessor Blackout.",0,0,"Apr 25, 2009"
8,"I loved some of the songs. It's nice.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2010"
0,"Most likely her worst album yet, very uninspiring. Lacks a great amount of creativity and vision.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2010"
10,"Fresh, catchy, crisp.",0,0,"Dec 10, 2008"
10,"I love this album full of hits like Unusual you, Out from under, If u seek Amy, Circus, Womanizer, Kill the lights, Shattered Glass and Mannequin. Even the timeless Radar and other bonus songs like Phonography and Rock me in has hit written all over them.",0,0,"Dec 14, 2008"
10,"It's so good she sounds way better on this album than any other, and the songs are great. 'Just don't call it a comeback'",0,0,"Dec  2, 2008"
10,"CIRCUS Is The Best Album 2 Date 4rm Miss BRITNEY SPEARS Exactly What Whe Need Out In The Music World All That beyonce and christina All Boring Not Interesting At All .We Needed BRITNEY Back and She Dam Sure Is Back . . . . BRITNEY'S CIRCUS Is BRILLIANT and Its a 10 out 10. . . Go BRIT!",0,0,"Dec  2, 2008"
9,"Although Blackout set the bar incredibly high for a 'comeback', Britney's managed to put together a great set of pop songs. A bit warmer than Blackout, with more poppy songs, Circus is fun and full of Britney attitude. Highlights: Unusual You, Circus, Shattered Glass, Kill The Lights.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2008"
7,"'Circus' is a well-rounded album, overall. Certain tracks stand about above many other. Namely the first 7 tracks on the album. Songs like 'My Baby' are disappointingly chosen over an excess of bonus tracks which didn't make it onto the album. The addition of 'Radar' from Blackout is also disappointing. Although with that, the album returns to earlier Britney and still steers close to the electro beats of Blackout.",0,0,"Dec 26, 2008"
9,"This is definitely not perfect as no album ever will be perfect but as pop music comes along this is the best offer our not-so-great-vocally Britney Spears can dish out on the table for us to enjoy. Just like a buffet, with sweets, meals and light appetizers to entertain us consistenly is what 'Circus' offered and it definitely done justice to her comeback carreer!!! As her one of the biggest fan in Malaysia I say Britney...you'll be the best pop iconic music till forever.",0,0,"Dec 26, 2008"
10,"This Album rocksss. she's finaly back with her best album yet to date. i love her",0,0,"Dec  3, 2008"
10,"Wonderful comeback album. Her last three albums have been pop perfection!",0,0,"Dec  3, 2008"
6,"the song are repetitive and there isnt any really new, but there are some songs that really are an improvement, in conclusion circus is a better album that I expected to be but still she has a long journey to remember us why she was called de Pop Princess",0,0,"Dec  4, 2008"
10,"Her best album yet by far!",0,0,"Dec  4, 2008"
10,"Wtf this is her best album ever. blackout wasn't as good as this one. I don't know what's up with the critics but they sure don't know anything about pop music for giving it a bad score. thisis truly amazing.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2008"
7,"Great Job! the best song: Blur!",0,0,"Dec  5, 2008"
8,"it's a Great Pop Album! She really knows how to put some decent pop music together. Its more pop sounding then blackout with number of songs that can become hit singles. There are some cool ballads as well, that really show her singing ability! I recommend it to all pop fans!",0,0,"Dec  5, 2008"
10,"'Circus' is the perfect album comeback album for Britney! It has great ballads like 'Out From Under' and dirty-dancing songs like 'Phonography'. Other great songs like 'If U Seek Amy' and 'Kill the Lights' get stuvk on you head and you won't stop dancing, other songs like 'Mmm..Papi' are Hawaiian Filled tunes! Grae job, Brit!",0,0,"Dec  7, 2008"
7,"For a pop album it has several great tracks, several good tracks, and the rest sounds like filler. Its not bad, not great. If she wrote more songs it could only help.",0,0,"Feb 19, 2009"
10,"Great cd!!! It's the come back perfec for an artist like Britney!!! I love the songs 'If you seek Amy' y 'Mmmm papi'. Pure pop!!. Britney's the best!!!",0,0,"Feb 23, 2009"
0,"Awful and terrible album. No more words to described it.",0,0,"Mar 19, 2009"
0,"Terrible and horrible album.",0,0,"Mar 19, 2009"
10,"In my opinion her best album to date. There are no pointless songs that were tossed in just to fill the slots, every song has a purpose to make this a brilliant album.",0,0,"Mar 24, 2009"
10,"This is Britney Spears's actual come-back album. With brilliant hooks and a master production, you cannot go wrong with this album. She has gained a new fan in me by creating this masterpiece! Standout tracks include the beautifully wonderful 'Unusual You' and the hook infused 'Kill the Lights!'",0,0,"Mar 29, 2009"
10,"One of her best albums yet. A range of moods shown on this album. Although auto tuner is used on some songs, her voice still sounds natural and fairly powerful on most of them. She's (almost) back to her best. Good job Brit!",0,0,"Apr 25, 2009"
10,"Wow this album is awesome circus, if you seek amy, shattered glass, lace and leather... OMG i love all circus songs! good job britney",0,0,"Dec 15, 2008"
10,"Sets Brit back at the top of the industry.",0,0,"Dec 22, 2008"
10,"It's the best album ever, all songs are great! Overall success!",0,0,"Dec 22, 2008"
7,"Britney is back, his album deserves note 10,The two ballads, 'Out From Under' and 'My Baby' are perfect! The album is mature and the songs are the best!",0,0,"Sep  4, 2010"
8,"Womanizer, If You Seek Amy , Unusual You and Kill The Lights almost block out the vile My Baby and Mmm Papi which would have been better replaced with the bonus tracks. Radar is a great song. But by the time it was released as a single (June 2009) Britney lovers had already got the message when we heard it a year and a half earlier.",0,0,"May 24, 2011"
6,"Circus is disappointing although it contains some standout tracks but most tracks are mediocre. I love how catchy and danceable 'Womanizer', 'Circus', 'If U Seek Amy' and etc. But there is less singing and some tracks are boring like 'Blur' and 'Kill the Lights.'",0,0,"Nov 26, 2010"
8,"Overall Circus In My Opinion Is Fine!The Best Tracks Are: Circus, Womanizer, Out from Under, If U Seek Amy, Unusual You, And Lace And Leather... I Hate KILL THE LIGHTS!",0,0,"Dec 23, 2011"
7,"POSITIVE -  The album is actually very good. I wasn't sure what to expect as initially the album appeared rushed, it just sort of appeared. But the album as a whole i personally think is her best to date. Starting with 'Womanizer' as the open track i crossed my fingers that the following tracks would match the success in production and sound, and i must say they did. It's sounds very clean, very polished. Certain tracks such as 'Unusual You' were unexpected and a breathe of fresh air. 70% of this album is pretty much as good as pop music can get.
NEGATIVE - Certain tracks are obviously filler tracks 'Mmm Papi', 'My Baby' and 'Mannequin' fall flat compared to rest of the album. I was slighty confused how these tracks were on the full version and better and even more exciting tracks such as 'Phoneography' and 'Amnesia' were bonus tracks. The album at times also has a typical it will do feel about it, 'Lace and Leather' for example, although one of my favourite tracks, it just could have been so much more. OVERALL - A very good album that is certainly worth purchasing, if your a Britney fan or not. Not quite 100%, but by far an achievment in the Britney catalogue.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2011"
7,"Is a good  album, but much less  Blackout.Le best songs are:  Womanizer, Circus,  Out From Under,  My Baby, Mmm  Papi and Shattered Glass.  We expected more  from this album, after  the excellent Blackout.",0,0,"Mar 25, 2011"
7,"The ultimate comeback album? For the most part yes. This record offers far more than any of her previous records, track after track you can almost smell the production and care that's been undertaken, it's almost a powerful album in parts that see's Britney return to pop form, leaving her so called 'urban' past behind her. The only parts of the album that lack come from Britney herself, or rather lack of Britney. A face can fit and a legacy can go on, but by studio album number six there's only so little the actual artist can be involved in the writing and production and voice for that matter without staring to offend her fans and critics.",0,0,"Aug  7, 2011"
10,"Maybe not the right follow up to Blackout and to be honest Circus went too easy about the sounds (Blackout is darker) but at least this is a great album. Womanizer is the best single on the album! Circus, Kill The Lights, If U Seek Amy, Unusual You and Blur are great tracks too! Out from Under and My Baby are sweet ballads.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2011"
8,"not her best, but certainly not a bad album. clearly put together just as she was recovering from the downward spiral her life was on in 2007. even so, this album is too 'clean' and lacks the gritty feeling that 'Blackout' had. some forgettable songs, but still a solid pop album. 'Shattered Glass', 'Mannequin', and 'Kill The Lights' are stand-out tracks.",0,0,"Dec 13, 2011"
4,"The album as a whole is not terrible. Britney gets it right on the singles 'Womanizer', 'Circus', and even 'If U Seek Amy' manages to be likable, despite it's awful lyrics. However, the songs that are bad are really, really bad. 'Mmm Papi' is inexcusably awful, with Britney obnoxiously singing lines like 'Now see I'm Mami, and that make you Papi, and that makes us Luvi!'. Her ballad 'My Baby' is among the other offenders on the album, a sickeningly sappy track about her children that she apparently wrote herself. I would recommend downloading a few of the songs, but buying the entire album would be a mistake in my opinion.",0,0,"May 25, 2012"
9,"Britney's second best cd released thus far. Good production and well put together. The album transitions very well as each song flow right into the next. It also contains her best ballad (Out From Under) since 'Everytime'. Though 'Circus' and 'Mannequin' are the best tracks on the cd.",0,0,"Jun 29, 2012"
10,"Definitely one of Britney's most underrated albums. People compare it too much to Blackout (her most overrated album), I personally enjoy it a lot more than Blackout, we actually get to listen to her real voice and there is more musical variety (electronic songs, dance songs, ballads, etc.). I'd say it's my second favorite Britney album, after In The Zone.",0,0,"Oct 21, 2013"
10,"Britney at her best returns and has made a helluva comeback with Womaniser and Circus... A must listen Although tracks like Blur and My Baby are slightly away from the direction of the album, it glues together perfectly with peppy tracks like If U Seek Amy and Mmm Papi :-P",0,0,"Nov  7, 2012"
5,"Although the album is the first step of a re-invention period for the singer, 'Britney' is, still, a childish-like album. Despite from some of the songs (such as 'I'm a Slave 4 U' and 'Boys'), the rest of the album is too girly even for Britney's style. The tentative to achieve a more feminine and adult sound transforms into a sensation of 'how would that be like if the Neptune had produced the whole thing?', since they were responsible for the two mentioned songs. From what it should have been, the album is just a wannabe.",0,0,"Sep 23, 2012"
9,"if not her best  then one of her best albums ever.!!! Songs like ''Circus''  Womanizer'' ''If U Seek Amy'' ''Mannequin'' ''Shattered Glass'' make you wanna dance..but on the other hand, ballads like ''Out from under'' ''My Baby'' or Unusual You'' are so so beautiful...",0,0,"Mar  4, 2013"
10,"Womiazer, Circus, Kill The Lights, If U Seek Amy, Unusual You,  Papi, Lace And Leather!
Damn Perfect!",0,0,"Mar 24, 2013"
6,"The follow-up to 'Blackout' isn't bad. It's not good either, though. In 3 words, lack of inspiration. Despite the amazing, killer singles it produced and the 'Blackout' almost song, 'Kill the Lights', this album has no direction. Most songs sound like demos. Do they have potential to be great? Sure! Did they evolve like that? No, not really. Its surprisingly large number of forgettable ballads doesn't really help either. It can'be called bad, because it isn't a let-down or a flop. Truth be told though, it is no masterpiece either.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2016"
6,"'If U Seek Amy' will always be one of my favorite Britney songs. Other good songs include 'Mmm Papi' and 'Womanizer'. A great CD if you like happy pop music.",0,0,"Aug  6, 2013"
8,"This Album is by far worth the listen- it is filled with brilliant stand-alone tracks. This is not my type of music, yet i still love Pink and her songs. My only negative comment would be that it isn't quite as good as her last album. Leaning to much towards conventional pop with tracks such as 'So What'. Despite this, a great album. Stand-out tracks for me are: 'Sober' 'Please Don't Leave Me' and 'Mean'",1,1,"Mar 14, 2011"
8,"Funhouse is a great pop-rock album. 'Sober' is a masterpiece, while other tracks such as 'So What' and 'Please don't leave me' are also very catchy. Despite being serious and emotional, there are also fun -not generic- songs in this album. Definitely worth a listen.",1,2,"Jun 11, 2011"
0,"The only song that really stands out is the lead single So What, the rest of the album is just repetitive and tired songs. As a whole the album is trash.",1,6,"Aug  3, 2012"
10,"This is the best album around at the moment! Her songs are catchy, deep, dark and absouloutley awsome! she hasnt just got an amoazing voice and looks, she is also an amzaing song writer herself!",0,1,"Jan  6, 2009"
10,"Weeeeee! Sex is fun. Play this album whilst having sex and it will make it GREAT!",0,1,"Oct 28, 2008"
10,"The best album of P!nk's career. The slow songs don't hold back the upbeat party tracks even for one second, and her voice delivers more emotion than ever before. I had so much fun listening to this. Best tracks: So What, Funhouse, Please Don't Leave Me, and Sober.",0,0,"May 11, 2009"
9,"Not a die hard fan by any means, but this album has some great singles. The slow serious songs may not match Morrissey levels, but the pop anthems are above anything 'serious' songwriters could envision. P!nk just has 'it.' I can't help but root for her.",0,0,"Mar 25, 2009"
7,"It's a really solid pop/rock album. It has songs that are slow and serious, and songs that are fast and fun, and there are excellent tracks in both categories. More fun would be appreciated, but fortunately, the slow songs don't weigh it down too much.",0,0,"Nov 26, 2008"
10,"Pink has done it again. This album is as good, if not better than I'm Not Dead. I hope it sells very well for her.",0,0,"Oct 28, 2008"
10,"This album is amazingly adult. It is SO deep, perfect and beautiful. GRAB IT!",0,0,"Oct 28, 2008"
10,"A perfectly balanced album with a song (or more) for everyone. Pink has outdone herself, once again! I love this CD.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2008"
10,"All I can say is AMAZING! This is my first Pink CD and she is one talented woman.",0,0,"Nov 28, 2008"
10,"I thought this record was perfect. You want a brake up record, but this beautiful album!",0,0,"Oct 28, 2008"
7,"Funhouse is fun, but it doesn't have the best songs.  It's P!nk's best album, and P!nk's sassiest yet, but she really isn't all that groundbreaking anyway, is she?",0,0,"Aug 11, 2011"
7,"really, this album is a rip-off, one of her worst one's ever but yet one of the best. so what & funhouse and a couple other tracks are good but i do not like the rest. this album could improve way better.",0,0,"Feb 15, 2012"
6,"Funhouse doesn't totally accomplish to keep up with P!nk's former release, I'm Not Dead, but it still shows that this girl can sing, can make punk songs and can also write great songs! 'I'm the instigator of underwear showing up here and there' on 'Bad Influence' is an utterly awesome line, e.g. Some songs are poor and skip-able (One Foot Wrong, Mean) but most of the CD is nice and worth hearing. A very good pop album!",0,0,"Dec 11, 2012"
10,"P!nk has released amazing albums like Mizzundastood and I'm Not Dead which make you wanna get dancing as her amazing voice hits you but this is something new. her bratty, sexy, sad, yet fun record gets you going again, swaying your head to the beat of hard songs like So What and laughing with Bad Influence. 'I'm the instigator of underwear' is the best lyric in the entire album from the latter song.",0,0,"Nov  7, 2012"
10,"Funhouse was P!nk's best album until she released her new one last year. This album is just pop rock perfection. 'Sober' was dark and haunting where 'So What' was just crazy fun and 'Glitter In The Air' was sweet and heart warming. This album has it all.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2013"
10,"Funhouse is an exciting and trembling journey for Alecia Beth Moore, AKA P!nk with her turbulent relationship with Carey Hart. 'so what ' is a song which can mesmerize people with such a simple,repetitive melody.  'Glitter in the air' is simply a lyrical masterpiece. 'mean' is probably one of the best-written song by P!nk and Butch Walker.",0,0,"Oct  5, 2014"
10,"To have a great pop album you need the basics... fun/cheesy lyrics, big chourses, and over dramatic vocal arrangements. This is exactly what Gaga has mastered in... not only are these songs cacthy as hell, you can't help but want to listen to them over and over again. It's a solid pop effort and will do wonders for her career. Music aside...she brings it all together threw her performances and videos and it leaves you addicted. She's a force to look out for.",3,3,"Jan 18, 2009"
10,"You go, GaGa girl! The Fame is, without question, the best pop album in a long time! Lady GaGa's clever fusion of Euro-dance, electro-pop, and pop-rock blew me away, and I'm sure it will for you, too! With Just Dance, Poker Face, Paper Gangsta, Paparazzi, The Fame, and Starstruck leading the herd, it's a party where everyone's famous, and everyone can 'Just Dance' to their own favorite!",3,3,"Mar 21, 2009"
10,"One of the true great achievement of 08! This is true pop bliss at it's finest.",3,3,"Apr 16, 2009"
9,"Overall an amazing album. It's better than anything Britney or Christina have put out and it's a lot fresher too. The in-your-face jams of Just Dance, Poker Face and LoveGame are fun to dance to. It's undeniable.",3,3,"Apr 29, 2009"
10,"First of all responding to one of the comments, Lady Gaga is not a one hit wonder. She already has two #1s with Just Dance and Poker Face. And another Top 5 hit with LoveGame. To me this is pop at its very very best. About 10 of the songs on The Fame are extremely solid, and the other 4 are still quite good. This is a DEFINITE must for an electro-pop fan. The beats are absolutely amazing and Lady Gaga's voice is original and wonderfully different. Her quizzical lyrics and odd but brilliant style make The Fame a marvelous album dripping with dance and sing-along songs. My favorite album of 2009!!!!!!! Go Gaga !!!",3,3,"Jul 22, 2009"
10,"I really love this music album.",3,3,"Aug 21, 2009"
10,"Crazy dance-syth album! so fun at parties. great lyrics, even better musicality. this album combined with her high energy stage shows result in one successful artist.",3,3,"Dec 11, 2008"
7,"There is no doubting Lady Gaga's potential with this impressive debut but by the end it does get slightly repetitive. From the obvious 'Just Dance' and 'Poker Face' there are also other good tracks like 'Brown Eyes' and 'Paper Gangsta' but these are let down by generic pop tracks like 'Boys,Boys,Boys'. The album is slightly to light hearted and has little dark elements,luckily, she released the Fame Monster the following you which I feel is a much more rounded and confident production.",3,3,"Aug 16, 2010"
10,"While I can see how people can hate Lady GaGa for some sexy lyrics, she undoubtedly has the ability and the balls to do it. This is the only album I have ever been able to listen to each song more than once without tiring. The songs are catchy, the sound is divine, and the artist is delivers iun a rush of fun, sex, and love.",2,2,"Aug 31, 2009"
9,"Well beyonce disappointed us all with her latest and surprisingly this cd was a fresh, electronic dance cd that I enjoy popping in my car. Amazon.com also said it was one of their favorites they listend too also. You go LADY GAGA!!!!!",2,2,"Nov 24, 2008"
9,"Lada Gaga's debut is a whirlwind, fast-lane journey into the life or the rich, fabulous and utterly filthy. Appropriately titled 'The Fame' Gaga's delightfully twirks eletronica and 80s pop. Nearly all of the album works as a solid dance efforts, but Gaga falls short is some songs, namely 'Brown Eyes.' The ballad falls flat against the backdrop of the club pounding hits. While not highly innovated and often too over-produced, 'The Fame' offers some of the best dance hits in years. ALBUM HIGHLIGHTS: 'Poker Face', 'Paparazzi', 'Beautiful, Dirty, Rich', 'Starstruck', 'LoveGame' ALBUM DUDS: 'Eh, Eh', 'I Like It Rough', 'Brown Eyes'.",2,2,"Dec  4, 2009"
9,"To me, this is an undeniably good album. I never would've thought I would like it is much as I do, but it's so hard not to get into these songs. Lady Gaga has a knack for writing songs that you actually don't mind getting stuck in your head. They are catchy in all the right ways. Granted, some of the songs border on filler material, but overall, this is an extremely solid debut. Some of it seems ridiculous, but it's almost as if Lady Gaga is shoving it in your face, saying 'I know this is cheesy, over-the-top pop, but you're going to love it!' And I do. I really do.",2,2,"Apr 21, 2009"
10,"Lady GaGa comes into the pop genre when it was really beginning to crumble upon its self from the meaningless lyrics from singers just trying to seize fame. 'The Fame' has brought forth a new wave of original artistry from one that used to only provide the hits for others. Her vocal abilities range from a dance club hit to a powerful ballad. All sides of the pop genre spectrum are excelled by Lady GaGa's debut album, and this is just the beginning.",2,2,"Aug 26, 2009"
10,"Still listening to this album a year later.",2,2,"Nov 22, 2009"
6,"The Fame is both undeniably catchy and forgettable. While Lady GaGa herself proves to be a rising star in mainstream music, some of the tracks are just too similar to one another, using the same repetitive melodies and synths. Its standout tracks are its two lead singles, 'Just Dance' and 'Poker Face', which have proven to be a bold success. One of its weaker moments are 'Eh Eh', which relies too much on cliche synths drawn from the '80s.",2,2,"May 31, 2011"
10,"Ir is brilliant !",2,2,"Feb 24, 2012"
8,"Its a good pop Album. Almost all song grow on you after some listens, I liked it. Its a chill album!",1,1,"Nov 28, 2008"
8,"I am not a fan of pop; at all. However, The Fame by Lady GaGa is a huge guilty pleasure for me. There isn't a dud track on this album, which is really rare for a mainstream pop album. The last few songs loose focus on the whole obsession with fame theme the rest of the album has and there is a useless rap by Flo-Rida, but otherwise The Fame is so, so close to being the perfect pop album. Check it out, it's a lot of fun!",1,1,"Nov 29, 2008"
10,"Probably the best pop / dance album in the first decades of the 21st century.",1,1,"Nov 11, 2009"
8,"'The Fame' is an excellent album - it has many amazing songs such as Just Dance, Poker Face, Paparazzi, Love Game and I like it rough... however, that is basically the first part of the album. The second part with the other songs, just kind of feels as if it is misplaced. I don't know, the last 8 songs seem unnecessary and forced somehow. Nevertheless, Gaga's first album is definitely a good one! Good for clubbing and dancing, and manages to provide with songs that will be stuck in your head for weeks, if not months. Definitely one of the most refreshing and simply best albums of recent memory!",1,1,"Aug 13, 2010"
8,"A mainstream artist, but she writes her own albums, sings live, has catchy songs, and designs her own clothes; she is her own boss; hey, the only people who gave this 0 are those prejudiced against mainstream music and are too stubborn to change their mindset. Lady Gaga is on her way to becoming the next Madonna, and that is pretty rare. 'Just Dance', 'Paparazzi'. 'Poker Face', 'Love Game' all fit the 'The Fame' perfectly, and the other songs aren't half-bad. Overall, a great album.",1,1,"Aug 14, 2010"
9,"Her music is electronic gold. She has serious talent & knows how to make the nightclub come alive. Of course, that doesn't mean she isn't completely bonkers. Seriously, a meat dress?",1,1,"Feb 20, 2011"
7,"I chose to give this album a seven because I think that for a debut album, the potential is high. She actually cares about what she's doing for a change. She's not a 'go in, get the money, get out' kind of person. She's in it, and she's staying in it. The songs are well-crafted, and while about 1/4 of the albums's songs are not even too great (there's some filler around the ending), it is still one of the best female pop debut albums of the past...five years? Maybe ten.",1,1,"Oct 21, 2010"
9,"This could be the debut of all time. Gaga's sound is amazing .The top tracks are 'Just Dance', 'I Like It Rough', and 'paper gangster'. Though the song 'Starstruck' gets to be repetitive, even with Flo Rida, and Space Cowboy. this is a great start for any career.",1,1,"Nov  6, 2010"
10,"The Fame is like, you don't know what it's music but, then you hear it and you realize of what is music. The Fame is just amazing, should be the album of the year.",1,1,"Dec  6, 2010"
9,"She's pretty good. There are several misses on the album but overall, a solid debut. I think she released the best songs as singles, but I also think Starstruck and I Like it Rough are standouts.",1,1,"Nov 25, 2010"
10,"The Fame is my 2009's favorite album. No songs are boring. It makes u feel u are famous. It is catchy and danceable pop album. It also touches a glimpse of Rock 'n' Roll. It made me shift from Rock to Pop. So far, the best pop album since 2003 releases.",1,1,"Nov 27, 2010"
10,"Lady Gaga's debut has to be one of the greatest! The woman's vocals are what sets this album apart from the rest of the trash. If anyone could do pop it is Gaga, she is changing it as we speak, everyone feels like they have to compete with her. 'Poker Face' and 'Just Dance' were number one hits, while 'LoveGame' and 'Paparazzi' were amazing songs. Gaga is not trying to be a generic pop star and she is showing that with the range she showcases on this album. The talent is unmeasureable. Great debut album!",1,1,"Dec  8, 2010"
9,"I like this album better than 'The Fame Monster'. I was disappointed in that album. This one was great. Here's a track-by-track review on the album (Note: This review is based on y opinion is based on my tastes so don't hate!)Just Dance - i remember listening to this song when she first came out. It was kinda overplayed. 8.5/10LoveGame - Inappropriate, but when I first listened to this song, i became obsessed with her. I've chilled out a little, since there are other good artists out there, mostly previous generation ones, but oh well. 8/10Paparazzi - I love this song, one of my favorites, but it's not my absolute favorite. She either was Auto-Tuned, or she has a high vocal range, since she hit the E5 note. which hardly ANYONE can hit. Christina Aguilera can! she can hit an E6 or even higher! 9/10Poker Face - Overrated and over played but it's her most popular song by far! Nothing much to say about it. 8.5/10Eh Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say) - This song is very girly and makes me happy inside! I love the lyrics. she needs to sing this song live again! 9/10Beautiful, Dirty, Rich - Good, not great, but should make it to her greatest hits. 7/10The Fame - Not the best, good title track, but it's just..... Not single worthy. i like it though. 6/10Money Honey - about the same as The Fame, in a way, they're pretty much the same song, one one talks about being famous, and the other one talks about being rich. It would sound better if the song were pitch higher about one key. 6/10Starstruck - Oh yeah! I love this song! She needs to sing it live again! It's a great dance song, and has a good rap verse. she even uses Auto-Tune! OMG! 9/10Boys, Boys, Boys - About as good as Beautiful, Dirty, Rich. Not the best, but it was single worthy. 7/10Paper Gangsta - This is pretty much THE piano song! I hear she wrote it when she was a coke user! She puts piano, electronic beats, a heavy bass, and rapping in the verses and She has a song! She needs to perform this song live again. she uses Auto-Tune also! 9/10Brown Eyes - A kinda boring song, i mean I like it better than Speechless, but ballads are her low/weak point on the her albums. i can't believe she removed this song from The Monster Ball and replaced it with You and I which is even worse than this song! better than Speechless and you and I. 5/10I Like It Rough - she shoulda released this song as a single! it's awesome! and I've never heard her perform the song live ONCE! I want it to be on her Tour! 9/10Summerboy - Hands down best song on the album in my opinion! I love this song i listen to it several times every day! It's a great closing song. It's a hidden treasure! she only performed it at Lollapalooza 2007! If she performs this song on her Born This Way Tour, she should close the concert with this song! Great album and concert ender! 10/10I loved this album so much. The Fame Monster let me down, I still have hope for Born This Way! I will get it the day it comes out! But if it lets me down, then I will not be afraid to say The Fame is her best work!",1,1,"Dec  8, 2010"
10,"The fantastic Lady GaGa's debut album is nothing short of incredible. It's chock full of hits and it consistently entertains. Shockingly, almost nothing on the album is a complete throwaway, with the only exception being Disco Heaven. It's the album that single-handedly brought electro-pop to America: It's gotta be amazing.",1,1,"Jan  2, 2011"
8,"When I heard her single 'Just Dance', I did not liked her at all. But, when I took the time to listen to each and every song of the album, I realized that each of them has his little something that makes it special. Songs like 'The Fame' or 'Summerboy' took me back in summer, while 'Paper Gangsta' or 'Brown Eyes' are simply beautiful songs with catchy lyrics. The album, overall, is well made, with delightful beats, varied songs, and the faultless voice of an incredible artist.",1,1,"Jan 31, 2011"
10,"The 70s and 80s inspired artist Lady Gaga started her career fantastically with her debut album 'The Fame'. With catchy dance beats, wonderfully written lyrics and amazing vocals, the album is not to disappoint, that is if you are an 80s fan, of course. The Fame is generally about the bright side of the fame. Money, love, paparazzi, dance, beauty, wealth and relationships is what's mentioned in the album. Every track has a story behind it, unlike many other pop artists these days. Lady Gaga is not just pop, she is also Pop Rock and Rock n' Roll. The Fame is worth buying.",1,1,"Feb  4, 2011"
9,"What an album. Lady GaGa has brought pop music back to life. With now over 12million copies shipped worldwide she must be doing somthing right. This album has pretty much everything. Upbeat, sexy, witty and most of all memorable. The album could pretty much be played in a club as a stand alone. It's difficult to put into words how good this album actually is. The only negative i have is in parts the lyrics. Lady GaGa prides herself on being a songwriter, and rightfully so - for example Paparazzi. But i do feel she has slightly overshot herself, as alot of the lyrics repeat, if not in wording, definalty in meaning. I get the impression the main thing on her mind was Boys when she was writting. But still - thats the only negative i can come up with. This album will live forever.",1,1,"Feb 21, 2011"
8,"POSITIVE - This album is one of the best debuts albums of all time. It offers one track after another with a new sound. You can imagine playing this album over and over again in a club and getting excited each time 'Poker Face', 'Just Dance' and 'Starstruck' repeat. She has taken over the world of music with this album, not just in sound but in image. Her image speaks to so many people, being different but stunning all at the same time. Each track is produced to perfection, each track offering difference, but at the same time one sound making it the ultimate package. NEGATIVE. Not many to choose from, but one i must mention....Lady GaGa prides herself on her meaningful songwriting which can be heard in 'Paparazzi', 'Brown Eyes' and others, but certain tracks such as, although good, are very basic lyrically. There is a reoccuring sound about 'Boys', taking her to an anmost typical level of pop song writting. Another negative is although this is an Electronica album at times it almost crosses the Urban genre, 'Starstuck'(although brilliant) and 'Paper Gangster'(again, brilliant) feel slightly out of place. OVERALL. An album that has sold over 13 million copies. Say's it all really. This album will go down in history for all the right reasons. The number one reason being this is pop music, pop culture and pop image at it's absolute greatest. A masterpiece of pop production and an instant icon has been created.",1,1,"May 24, 2011"
7,"The Fame heavily borrows material from 70s' disco and 80s' electropop, highly notable in 'Eh Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say)'. 'Just Dance', 'Poker Face', and 'Paparazzi' are no doubt, life-changing pop tracks, while I'll go as far as calling 'Starstruck' and 'Paper Gangsta' underrated. The album's overall creativity is a bit overrated, due to its repeated use of the same synths and base tracks. But The Fame introduces us to GaGa, a glamorously stylish, yet powerful woman who wants to change the world of pop music forever.",1,1,"Mar  6, 2011"
9,"I think this is one of the great pop albums of all time. It eschewed its day's pop standards and made it to the top of the charts off its own merits. Every song on here is gold. Don't miss 'Paper Gangster' or 'Brown Eyes.'",1,1,"Apr  3, 2011"
8,"It's like getting in an artsy club that plays something that's a sort of high class dance pop experiment going from silly (LoveGame) to epic (Poker Face) to hypnotic (Starstruck) to actually fun (Summerboy). You 'Just Dance' as expected but as you leave the ecstatic club, you can't help but return.",1,1,"May 23, 2011"
7,"The album is great with several standout tracks, but does not come close to the amazing 'The Fame Monster' and 'Born This Way'. It is, however, exactly what she needed to get noticed.",1,1,"May 26, 2011"
9,"'Eh, Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say)' is catchy but poorly written. 'Disco Heaven' is boring and lifeless. The rest of the album is pretty solid. Her second best song ever after 'Alejandro' is the unforgettable  'Paparazzi'.",1,1,"Jun  7, 2011"
10,"Lady GaGa desverves the success this album has give her. 4 Number one hits, 12,000,000 copies sold and 5 Grammy nominations speak for themselves in this, unusual, amazing, stunning abum.",1,1,"May 27, 2011"
6,"THE FAME isn't perfect; it could use some work, such as better singing and a lot like that, but it's pretty catchy, and it's a solid start to Lady Gaga's career.",1,1,"Aug 11, 2011"
7,"Fame, fashion, glam, pop, and performance art in one compact disc. 'The Fame' allows pop music and performance art to come together (again) with clever sounds and lyrics. There is a type of 'innocent fame' aura to the album that shows vulnerability. But in the end the album is about your everyday women in the society of fame and pop music. While some tracks feel like filler for album length, the stronger songs will keep you coming back.",1,1,"Jul 27, 2011"
7,"Track By Track: Just Dance- good dancey song, very fun & loveable. LoveGame- dirty but nice...it is super fun and the chorus is short and memorable. Paparazzi- love, love, love! kind of a ballad but it's not, it's sweet and fresh. Poker Face- best track in the album such an amazing song, it is one of the best tracks of the decade. Eh, Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say)- not the best track but its a good listen, it feels out of place in this album. Beautiful, Dirty, Rich- ugh,,. bad bad bad it just sucks so bad. The Fame- pretty bad too i dnt like it. Money Honey- haha it's so cute! i love it. Starstruck- my 11 yr. old sister loves this song. It's her favorite GaGa song ever. I like it too. Boys Boys Boys- a highlight. it is cute and so electro-rock n roll. Paper Gangsta- bad song. she doesn't rap very well. Brown Eyes- sweet pungent rock and roll highlight. I Like It Rough- OK. NOt good. Not Bad. Summerboy- i like it. She sounds cool and the lyrics are fun and sexy.Best Tracks- Poker Face, Paparazzi, Boys Boys Boys, Brown Eyes",1,1,"Jul 31, 2011"
9,"Muito bem produzido, Lady Gaga conseguiu trazer a dance music de vez para o topo das paradas e influenciou outros artistas  seguirem pelo mesmo caminho. Ou seja: um lbum que decidiu os rumos da indstria musical.Melhores faixas: Paparazzi / Poker Face / Summerboy",1,1,"Aug 26, 2011"
7,"It's hard to write a review on this album when I know we've already gotten better albums from her. In retrospective this album was far from perfect. The singles are really the only songs that shine. Her goal was to create a plastic pop album to shoot her to fame and the album is as superficial as the album title suggests. This is more like 15 minutes of fame. This album is only gave us a glimpse of what GaGa was capable of and although it's a great debut it fails to match up to her greater more fleshed out albums that were released in the future. Songs like Paparazzi and Pokerface are pop classics already and started a pop cultural shift. Te Fame is the first digital album to cause a huge hurricane and GaGa is the new social media Queen.",1,1,"Aug 23, 2011"
10,"the people that say lady gaga sucks are wrong...i mean how many hits does she have? like 20! that's a ton! So people need to stop saying that her music sucks and calling people names because they like lady gaga. i get made fun of everyday for liking her...but i don't care one bit because she inspires me and over 30 million more people out there.",1,1,"Sep 27, 2011"
6,"Lady GaGa's The Fame is a good album, that is filled with catchy songs that get stuck in your head, it's pretty good for a debut album. Looking forward to what song's she has next.",1,1,"Nov  4, 2011"
8,"An album that will go down in history, but for the right reasons? The singes are perfect but the rest of the tracks feel like filler apart from eh, eh(nothing else I can say), which is a pure pop song that most pop artists fail to create in their whole career, while gaga manages to do that with an album track. The other track which is great is paper gangster, it's a down-tempo pop ballard that has perfection written all over it. However the rest of the tracks sound the same and will become boring quite quickly. Nevertheless, this album contains some of the best dance-pop songs of the last ten years and all the songs are flawlessly written and produced.  She puts her stamp on every song, I just think that the stamp doesn't differ that much on some of the songs. To finish, this album also contains the best song ever in my opinion, and it is worth buying just for this, the incredible poker face.",1,1,"Dec 10, 2011"
7,"Great album debut for a new artist. She has grown a lot since then  and for the better. But this was a nice change at the time it was released and felt fresh. Its the debut of one of the real artists we still have in mainstream music nowadays. So that alone deserved praise. Best song is Paparazzi by far, which is the one that leads to that better sound of hers well get to see in her following albums.",1,1,"Dec 15, 2013"
10,"Amazing...............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................ness",1,1,"Nov  8, 2013"
7,"The worst album it sincerely a fully commercial album, the songs have quality but it seems that focused only on making an album to the slopes and forget the rest, and the ballads are bad, but evaluating the tracks individually is umbom album, good to listen and have fun.
Highlights: LoveGame and Just Dance
Lows: Brown Eyes and Again Again",1,1,"Dec 16, 2014"
9,"Vibrant and unique. Besides being a great alternative to pop music fans, 'The Fame' induced a whole mass of artists to focus on dance music. Full of hits and simple and agile beats, 'The Fame' can win you the visual and music - even the most retro, which can be less good. Enjoy!",1,1,"Jan 30, 2016"
10,"One of the best albums in a good while. She cares about what she is doing. She designs her own clothes, writes her own songs, and works head on with the producers to make sure she gets the song that she has crafted.",6,7,"Mar 25, 2009"
10,"I think Lady Gaga is amazing - not all songs on this album are winners, but the ones that have made it to the top, are there for good reason. What a delightful entertainer - she's got a style like none other and that's what's going to push her over-the-top. In my estimation, she's geniusly brilliant in all she does - with an innocence and coyishness that's fully deceiving. Her brilliance in the song 'Just Dance' comes through with each 'voice' she finds to carry on a full conversation between 'voices' - each with their own unique attitude. I believe she is either a highly intelligent social commentator on (and engineer of) pop culture, or else a complete fool. That's what's so crafty about her. Either way, she's got the drive and the style that will send her to the Fame position she seems destined to have. I can't wait for the next album!!",5,6,"Apr  9, 2009"
8,"Great pop Album. All songs are catchy..what more do you want. If you like this album, make sure you invest into KYLIE MINOGUE's 'X'. same sound and great too!",5,6,"Jan 14, 2009"
9,"she deserves a nine, great music and lyrics. Cool aesthetically, her limited vocal range is what makes me giver her a 9 instead of the 10 she'd deserve. She's new, fresh and different.",4,5,"Dec  2, 2008"
10,"This is awesome album!!! I like it rough rocks. She brings 70's/80's/90's in a mix to the mainstream.",4,5,"Jan 18, 2009"
7,"Lady Gaga turned pretentious pretty damn fast. Even music videos like 'Paparazzi' smacked of try-hard quite early on in her career. But the music on The Fame has no delusions of grandeur, a quality I don't expect to see from Lady Gaga in any of her work in the immediate future. Here she is fixed on bringing straightforward, catchy hits to the table, and for the most part she delivers. For me, 'Money Honey' is the most original and appealing track on the album.",4,5,"Mar  2, 2011"
10,"She' s got the voice, the artistry, the theatrics, the imagery, the fashion and most of all the chutzpah into the album that it feels like the album is alive and breathing. The greatest pop album in this generation. It's also clever. Hiding the depth of its commentary on women and society under the skin of pop music.",9,12,"Sep 11, 2009"
10,"All Hail the Next Queen of POP! Lady GAGA is the Real-Deal...she will ultimately crush all detractors in the wake of her upcoming tour-de-force. Love it 2 Death!!!",3,4,"Oct 25, 2009"
7,"While Gaga mania has become a fever now, she proves through The Fame that she has the goods. However, sometimes the goods start to repeat themselves, for instance 'Boys, Boys, Boys' is a rehash of closely placed song 'Money, Honey'. But songs like 'LoveGame', 'Paper Gangsta', 'Paparazzi', and 'Starstruck' show this mistress of Dance has some pipes and some talent to go with it. This ain't Britney here. Though, what worries me is where does Gagagita go after this? Hopefully she will follow Madonna's move and start reforming herself while staying true to herself",3,4,"Sep 19, 2009"
10,"Excellent dance music and she actually sings who woulda thunk it.",3,4,"Dec  9, 2008"
10,"A very well put together pop album. Whit this album she showed that she can writes great catchy pop songs.  It's sexy, it's fun, it's smart it's everything a pop fan could ask for.",3,4,"Jan 29, 2012"
8,"A brilliantly poppy debut album! There are some amazing slices of Euro-dance-pop on here. Best of the bunch is 'Poker Face', but worldwide smash 'Just Dance', 'Paparazzi', 'Boys Boys Boys', 'The Fame', and 'Eh Eh' are slices of credible pop heaven!",5,7,"Jan 30, 2009"
8,"I cant get Poekr Face outta my head. True, some songs arent that good. But overall, its pretty good.",4,6,"Jun 25, 2009"
10,"Lady GaGa's debut album is full of amazing dance beats that establish Lady GaGa at her place as the new Princess of Pop. Great album overall.",2,3,"Nov 23, 2009"
10,"I love this album! Some of the album tracks: Paper Gangsta, Starstruck, Beautiful Dirty Rich and Brown Eyes are among my favourites from her. The epic Poker Face and the avant-garde Paparazzi make this album one of the best pop albums released in the last decade.",1,2,"Nov 21, 2010"
8,"This is the Gaga we all liked. Not this freak, horn-implanted 'woman' releasing songs that make her sound like the Anti-Christ. 'Poker Face', 'Eh Eh' and 'Brown Eyes' are the best tracks of her career.",1,2,"Sep 10, 2011"
10,"This album is MASTERPIECE!!! I Really love GaGa!!! 'Just Dance' , 'Poker Face' & 'Paparazzi' are amaizing songs!!! 8) 8) 8)",1,2,"Nov 26, 2011"
1,"Boring drivel and repetitive beats. I've heard it all before.",4,12,"Sep  6, 2009"
2,"I love great dance music but this is definitely not it. She can write a great chorus, but with production values this low and verses this flat she has a long way to go before she lives up to her marketing hype.",4,12,"Oct 30, 2008"
5,"Gaga's debut shows her talent in catchy yet simple Poker Face and Just Dance. Though with songs like Eh, Eh, Disco Heaven, Again Again and Brown Eyes is falls to flat from being a masterpiece.",2,6,"May 24, 2011"
10,"Lady Gaga rocks! She's such an inspiration source to all of us; be ur self. She writes her own songs, sing live exceptional and her songs are catchy. Don't know how anyone can dislike her.",1,3,"Aug 14, 2010"
0,"Crap, fake, boring and it all came from an exhibitionist woman.",5,16,"Apr  8, 2009"
0,"Possibly the worst, most annoying music I've ever heard. Terrible song writing and weird vocal effects make it just plain painful to listen to. Fingernails on a chalk board would have been better.",3,12,"Apr 10, 2009"
10,"Overrtaed a shell, though this album have some good songs!",1,4,"Mar 23, 2012"
8,"Gaga fans usually prefer 'Born this Way' to this, but i disagree. Yes, 'Born this Way' is a good album but the real Lady Gaga is this. With an engaging and particular electronic sound and with an interesting concept, Gaga made a really good album. She also completed the concept with her incredible fashion style that shocked the world in the past years. So please Gaga, 'Born this Way' is good, but return to this style.",1,4,"Mar 28, 2012"
2,"The beat's are catchy enough, but the lyrics in all of her songs are utterly repulsive. Her Christmas tree song, while 'supposedly' about Christmas, hence the title, is just about being a skank at a party, just like every other damn song on this album.",1,5,"Jan  5, 2009"
0,"Baby food. 'Lady GaGa' is a good name for it.",1,5,"Oct 13, 2009"
1,"Wow. This is the worst album ive ever heard. Her image sucks, her songs make no sense, her music sounds like Sweet 16 birthday party gone wild and shes a total Roisin Murphy,Madonna,Britney, Christina ripoff, trying to be cool+ sexy.The name Gaga suits her. I do not recommend this album to anyone with a good music taste.",1,6,"Jan 22, 2011"
0,"Forced to listen to this once at a party. I want that hour of my life back. It was horrible horrible horrible. How can you write an album about being famous before you are famous? I don't know but apparently someone did anyway.",0,7,"Jun 25, 2009"
0,"Absolute garbage, awful lyrics that could be written by a 13 year old and music that sounds like countless other shallow pop acts in the mainstream right now. 'The Fame' is only going to last 15 minutes as she goes out of fashion just like countless other disposable popstars. Do yourself a favour and listen to music with substance. Her music is plastic, Her image is plastic.",0,5,"May  3, 2009"
3,"Lady GaGa is another one hit wonder. When I first saw her I thought she had a wicked style, but when I heard her I thought she was a disaster. 'Just Dance' has a likeable sound but when you look closer, you see it's pretty much another 'Madonna gone wild' moment.",0,5,"Dec 21, 2008"
2,"Pure hype! lyrics like 'don't be bluffin with my muffin' are laughabley bad. It's geared towards the 15yr old girls who like the hills and singing along with sugar coated pop hooks. Everything on the charts is synth/pop/dance driven, without heart or soul like most of the 80's music was.",0,3,"Nov 20, 2009"
2,"The only redeeming song is 'Just Dance'. Other than that the songs are not appealing or will annoy you if you listened to it over and over again.",0,3,"Nov  4, 2009"
0,"Would probably like her more if the radio didn't blow her up and force them in my face. A lot of times her singing style is EXTREMELY annoying especially during the verses, and honestly, pop has enough albums. I don't care how many #1's she has. She's crap.",0,7,"Apr 11, 2009"
0,"Bad music, fake, boring.",0,4,"Jun 24, 2009"
8,"Lady Gaga's debut album The Fame is just as easy to hear as any up-and-coming pop album, but is enriched with a catchy sound that carries Gaga's voice all the way through. Not the best album out there, but an excellent breakthrough debut that easily paves her road for future success. Gaga is clearly able to combine mainstream pop sound with phonetic brilliance that is usually absent from most albums.",0,1,"Mar 25, 2012"
5,"I'll give a lot of credit to Lady Gaga; she writes/produces her own music which is more than can be said for most of the pop industry.  And there are one or two songs where she actually shows how great her voice is instead of smothering it in cacophonous beats and monotonous pseudo-singing.",0,2,"Jul 31, 2011"
5,"Even though she has 6-7 uber-mega hits, a different personality and different fashion, I cannot see anything more. Yes, I'm a gaga fan but next to fame monster and BTW, this just bubbly pop. I love 3-4 of the songs but rest, nah.",0,2,"Aug 14, 2011"
0,"If you're looking for generic dance beats with a nice pretty voice repeating the same line 20000 times dubbed over it, look no further. It's not only annoying, but I fail to see any appeal in hearing this. I beg the average consumer to look further than this, and stop buying this crap. This is good money. But this is not good art.",0,4,"Nov 16, 2011"
5,"Strengths: compelling listen, great for working out, perfect for dance parties etc.Weaknesses: too suggestive, overly dirty, can't relate much, repetitive and contrived sound after a while, etc.",0,1,"Mar 17, 2012"
10,"A brilliant pop album. It's been over three years since I got this album and I still love it.",0,1,"Mar 23, 2012"
7,"The Fame, despite having quite a lot of filler, is a good debut album from Lady Gaga. It's full of happy tracks which make you want to dance your butt to all night long. It's not perfect, far from it. Gaga does it better when she extended it, but it's quite a good start nonetheless",0,1,"Mar 26, 2012"
10,"She is The Queen of POP Music. a Title she deserves. She has the most followers on Twitter, was the first on Facebook, Was the first to reach 1 billion, then 2 billion views on YouTube, with World records under her belt (or high heels) she is what pop music lacked. .",0,1,"Apr  2, 2012"
10,"Love this album, Lady GaGa was amazing, the singles was amazing, Poker Face was epic, LOVE this album. So, Born This Way is my favorite. The Fame Monster so amazing too.",0,1,"Apr  7, 2012"
9,"Gaga made a great first album. All of her singles were solid hits. I had the Fame Monster which was really good. Her songs are poppy, yet creative. She has a great voice to back it all up with.",0,1,"Apr 26, 2012"
9,"One Of The Greatest Debut Albums Of All Time!
Amazing Style Of Music!",0,1,"May 28, 2012"
9,"Inspired by dancing rhythms of the disco, the album became a hit of 2008. The star became a star. Poker Face is most popular song EVER. Album of 2000's.",0,1,"Jun 15, 2012"
4,"This album is full of 'catchy' songs about fame. Its influential, but in the wrong direction. Highlights: Eh Eh Nothing That I Can Say
Lowlights: Gaga's autotuned/robotic vocals
4/10",0,1,"Jun 25, 2012"
9,"I can't wait 4 the 2009 tour!!! when will Heavy Rotation be released in the u.s????",0,0,"Jan 11, 2009"
9,"I love the album !!! it's not her best , but it's really good! my favourite songs are: 'You'll Be Fine' , 'The Way I See It' , 'Heavy Rotation' , 'Defeated' , 'Beautiful Messed Up World' i don't like 'Never Gonna Love Again'.",0,0,"Jan 10, 2009"
8,"Anastacia doing what she does best!! a true diva, an amazing voice and a good album!",0,0,"Jan 17, 2009"
9,"i just love her soooooo much!! i'm so happy that she's back!",0,0,"Jan 11, 2009"
9,"It's quite various, that's the main reason i like it.",0,0,"Jan 11, 2009"
10,"Love the album.",0,0,"Jan 11, 2009"
8,"Anastacia is Back and as Amazing as always!!",0,0,"Apr 27, 2009"
7,"I give it a 7 ! i really hope she releases an album in 2010!!! love her she's the best.",0,0,"Apr 27, 2009"
7,"Not her best album, but still very good! a true Diva!! can't wait 4 the next one which i hope will be better!",0,0,"Apr 28, 2009"
10,"After being a anastacia fan FOR VERY LONG TIME, this is one of her best albums.. for me it's a little disco, dance and pop and mixed with a little bit of R&B my favorite is the single 'I can feel you', 'absoultely positviley', 'heavy rotation' & 'you'll be fine'', 'you'll be fine' reminds me of Secrets of the 'Freak Of Nature' album, anyway if you don't have it in your collection or digital BUY IT!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Jan 11, 2009"
9,"I love : 'you'll be fine' 'the way i see it' 'heavy rotation' 'beautiful messed up world' 'same song' 'defeated' it's a good album all in all! it could have been better..... but it is what it is ! i love Anastacia!!!!",0,0,"Jan 11, 2009"
10,"An amazing album from a stunning woman with an even more stunning voice! she definatly doesnt siaapoint once again!",0,0,"Jan 11, 2009"
10,"Absolutely Wonderful!",0,0,"Nov 29, 2008"
10,"She's Back!!!",0,0,"Dec 12, 2008"
6,"Does this album is the beginning of a drastic descent. I have the impression that Electric Six starts to repeat itself a little too much and lack of originality and good melody. A little disappointing for a group that I considered a revelation for their style. At least, there is 1 or 2 good songs throughout the album.",0,0,"Oct 23, 2008"
8,"This is a good album, but 'I shall exterminate everything around me which prevents me from being the master' (thier 4th, non-metacritic'd album) is better. Also, you should go see them live, as they're one of the best live bands on the planet.",0,0,"Oct 25, 2008"
4,"Aside from a few songs, the Pussycat Doll's Domination falls incredibly short. The few songs that garnered public notice and made the albuma success are the only pieces on the album that are able to hold their own. In an album full of guest appearance and stylized pop beats, it seems the pussycat dolls are out of steam... yet again.",0,1,"Aug 19, 2009"
3,"Listening to this album is like having your soul sucked out. Aside from When I Grow Up, there is almost nothing good. In fact, the safer tracks on the album are all stale and boring. Sifting through 23 songs, I've found 7 that are ok, and one that's great. And I say this as someone who loves their first album. It was fun and effortless, part cool and new, and part cool and retro. Doll Domination, on the other hand, sounds laboured. It wouldn't be so bad if they knew how to make cuts, but instead they put everything they recorded out there, and if you want all 8 listenable songs, you have to get the deluxe edition. What a disappointment!",0,1,"Nov 27, 2008"
10,"UMM.....aLL I can Say is WHat An Album. Now dis time i spended my money well. i mean come on now don't be jealus, its the best group of songs i'd ever heard. be more generous and give em credit cuz its an Excellent album and at least each doll has their own solo song. And THey are One of the best dancing groups ever. but I can say that its unfair to the other dolls dat nicole gets all the lead. I noe if dis time around all of dem sang at least each of the soongs den it would had been more successful. I LOVE PCD!!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Jul 20, 2009"
10,"Being a huge fan of the Dolls for many years now and i can honestly say i am not disappointed. Sure it's note revolutionary or even going to leave much of a mark in POP/RnB history, but for what it is, fun, breezy, and overwhelmingly catchy, for me that's all i need to get me through the day. Don't forget they are a whole package aswell, Great singers, Phenomenal dancers and great entertainers. Go PCD!!!",0,0,"Oct 30, 2008"
2,"How can an album, like this pile of sh*t, have an average of 51?! This album is a shame! First: it's not a Pussycat Dolls' album, it's a Nicole's one. Next: the songs are so KITSCH, bad, ... (The only one who's 'so so' is 'When I grow Up'). The rest is to burn! Believe me: just don't buy it! Only if you want to kill your ears, the most precious things (with the eyes. To see girls like Nicole dancing on the streets?!)",0,0,"Nov 21, 2008"
10,"I can't wait for the Dolls to hit #1 and shut all you criticizing jealous jerks up!",0,0,"Sep 25, 2008"
10,"Amazing songs. Amazing vocals. A great album overall!",0,0,"Sep 27, 2008"
10,"This is really great album. I know that some hate it...for reasons that I don't understand. I actually love every trach on this album. Good job PCD!!",0,0,"Sep 18, 2009"
8,"I really have no idea why critics hate this album and the girls too. Sure, Nicole sings on almost every track and we don't hear the other girls but it's still a pretty good album with solid tracks and something for everybody. I don't know why critics miss that point. Not a bad album, good, but not great.",0,0,"Oct 31, 2008"
7,"This album is not really that bad as most critics say! Its quite decent actually. I like the first 12 tracks and after that there are about 3 lifeless offerings. That's it! The production is spot on and the songs are quite distinct from each other in style. If your a fan of fun albums and disposable hip hop, then check it out! If your looking for serious hip hop album....keep looking.",0,0,"Sep 25, 2008"
8,"I think it's a great album.",0,0,"Sep 16, 2008"
6,"How can this be a chemicalbro' compilation without The Test, one too many mornings and alive alone? the bonus disc is makes up for the lacking tracklist and the shitty new hiphopsong keep my composture though. Great band, bad compilation.",0,0,"Sep 11, 2008"
8,"The Chemical brothers best work all one disk - sometimes it's easy to forget how many classic tracks these guys have put out. From Galvanise to Setting Sun, Block Rocking Beats to Hey Boy Hey Girl, all the smashes are here sounding as vibrant and energetic as they did when they first hit the airwaves. Some great collaborations on it.",0,0,"Nov 14, 2011"
8,"It doesn't matter who you tell about this or what they say or think abut, just go home, put it on your mp3 player, download it off of a legal website, sing it to your kids! Dance! Pump it up!",0,0,"Aug 17, 2008"
10,"This is yet another great album from Bajofondo. The variation (from rap to progressive styles) in the music sounds great altogether and the subtle electronic influence makes the music flow perfectly, making it a sweet, soothing ride from the beginning to the end. Very, very recommended.",0,0,"Aug  2, 2008"
10,"The best album of the year until now. The mix of tango and electronic music with the addition of great singers gives as result a memorable album.",0,0,"Aug 29, 2008"
8,"Interesting how it's got an 84 overall rating, with no individual rating higher than an 80.",0,0,"Aug 26, 2008"
9,"Just try to be still and listen to this. And lyrics? You can't rate this low just because you don't like the genre. Punk Disco Awesome.",1,1,"Oct 22, 2008"
9,"This is a fantastic surprise and an early candidate for album of the year.",1,1,"Mar 24, 2008"
9,"Its an amazingly fun album to listen. Fun, deep at times, and well-done.",1,1,"May 25, 2008"
7,"Decent but clearly overrated. I actually liked Antony's vocals here more than on his solo debut, but a lot of these songs start to run together, especially toward the end. Still, some great stuff, especially 'Blind.'",1,1,"Apr  1, 2008"
8,"Great album... 'Blind' is amazing!",1,1,"Apr  1, 2008"
8,"I am not the biggest fan of electronic dance music but I still find this album to be hard not to stop listening to with tracks like 'hercules theme' and 'iris'.",1,1,"Jun 25, 2008"
9,"The fact that the tunes are worth listening to as well as dancing to make all the difference to me.. I used to hate house music or whatever they played at the disco's because they did nothing for my mind to make my body want to move. The songs which are co-produced with Antony of Antony and the Johnsons are my favorites.",1,1,"Jul  5, 2008"
7,"It took me a few listens to get used to it. Now I like it. It's weird: I really cannot stand Antony's voice, and I utterly despise the music from Antony and the Johnsons, but whenever he's a gues vocalist, I usually like him. On DULL FLAME OF DESIRE, on the Bjork record, his voice meshes so well. And I loved it. Now here, with the unlikely electronica/disco background, it meshes well yet again. This is disco. 'Hercules' Themese' is a brilliant instrumental with some backing vocalizations that sound like a woman's chorus. 'Athene' is pure, cool, neon-hued fun. 'Blind' is an extremely cool song, the vocal overdubs are so astounding, the music is really great too. The only misstep for me is 'Iris' which fails to grab my attention. The main problem with these songs, that lurks on all but two ('Athene' and 'Blind'), is that they go on for too long. Theres multiple points in the song where I caught myself saying 'that would have been a good ending,' but it went on. Sometimes repeating the same thing for a minute. It just gets monotonous after a while. As does the whole album. I can't listen to it in whole very often, I usually stop in the middle of 'Easy.' The songs don't differ enough from each other for me to sit and venture through all of its 45 minutes. Yet still, as it is, this is a very good album. I got used to it and I'm glad I did.",1,1,"Mar 28, 2008"
8,"First of all, I am not one of those people who just read a few good reviews and on a whim bought this album. I am a fan of about roughly 60% of the artists on the DFA label, and I also really love electronic music (as I'm sure most of you do) , but I hadn't really read a bunch of the hype until I had already listened to the album. Is the hype worth the results? Hehhh...'Time Will' is just aiight, 'Hercules Theme' through 'Blind' is fucking awesome. 'Iris and 'Easy' are easily the 2 worst tracks on the album and really prevent this album from being a front-to-back classic that so many people are saying it is. Actually my favorite songs may be the last 3. 'This is My Love' is my personal favorite song on the album and the only other track that competes with 'Blind' just on a pure ear-candy experience. 'Raise Me Up' has just wonderful vocals by Antony and 'True False/Fake Real' is probably tied as my 2nd favorite song on the album, although at the beginning it sounds a lot like LCD Soundsystem, it really develops in a way I wasn't expecting. I wouldn't say this album is gonna change the face of dance music or anything like that (like Pitchfork essentially did), but besides 2 tracks, every song on here is really strong, addictive dance music with really unique and beautiful vocals. If you are already a fan of what DFA is about, you will most likely really enjoy this album.",1,1,"Mar 28, 2008"
8,"If you thought Antony had strength on I am a Bird Now, Hercules and Love Affair will blow you away. It's all quality, but his tracks are the cream. A brilliant album that works on multiple levels.",1,1,"Apr  1, 2008"
8,"Very good first listen. Iris, and Athene are the only ones I replay though.",1,1,"Apr 12, 2008"
9,"Spot on interpretation of dance music over the past 25 years, with a modern feel, and lots of genuine emotion. Sad irony is that Moby's new album made a similar attempt but is not nearly as slick.",1,1,"Apr  3, 2008"
10,"The music isn't about the sexuality, so don't give it a lower rating because it was too 'ghey'. I think it's a gorgeous, organic album that the music industry needed. It was like a really classy Scissor Sisters album.",1,1,"Jul 23, 2008"
9,"Not really following why the average user score for this is only a 6. Too many white guys who have still not got over the whole 'disco sucks' thing from 30 years ago?",1,1,"Jul 26, 2008"
10,"What a great album. I love the transition about half-way through from technical disco ('You Belong', 'Time Will') to something that's hard to describe...a slow, electrosynth version ('Iris' and 'Easy') The layers of Hegarty's voice is amazing in this, and Cruz stands up fairly strong as well when being juxtaposed with a voice as unique as Hegarty's. Butler deserves all the credit in the world with the production on this, especially in 'You Belong' and 'Easy', which are highlights imo. Great album. My only complaint is that it gets progressively weaker after 'Easy' imo.",1,1,"Feb 15, 2009"
9,"Aweshum. The people who rated this 3 or 4 because it sounded like disco, you people are crazy. It's not really disco, it's somewhere between that and the late 80s Talking Heads. Original and fresh from start to finish. Antony's voice is fantastic. The best track, of course, is 'Blind' -- give it a listen! Best album of 2008.",1,1,"Jul  4, 2009"
8,"Great Album, very well made easy listening electronical music. But to me the only really ingenious song seems to be 'You Belong' with the funkiest electronic baseline since daft punk's 'Around The World' (in the chorus)",1,1,"Mar 19, 2008"
7,"The more I listen to this album the more it grows on me. It's definitely overrated right now, electronic music always seems to get overly praised. That said, this album is definitely worth getting if you enjoy electronic music, or just want something different in the mix.",1,1,"Apr 16, 2008"
7,"The album is great. However, Anthony's lyrics drench some of the songs, destroying the vitality of the beats.",1,1,"Apr 27, 2008"
9,"I dont understand the mixed user reviews here. There is more depth and creativity in this album than most chart artist struggle to put out in a whole career.",1,1,"May 28, 2011"
4,"I think this album is complete crap. It lacks substance, none of the songs grab you and want to make you want to listen again. It's like a bad combination of The Cure and The Comunards.",0,2,"Mar 24, 2008"
5,"Uhm... no.",0,2,"Mar 19, 2008"
10,"I am upset that people rated this album a 4 just because it sounds a little like disco. Voting this album low won't change the music! Hercules and Love Affair do something new with their tunes, and i think most will enjoy the fun times in this album!",0,1,"Jun 22, 2009"
10,"The most excting album since the beginning 2008! As someone said, this ain't a love affair, it's true love!",0,1,"Mar 15, 2008"
9,"Amazing neo disco! It will blow you away!",0,1,"Apr  8, 2008"
4,"Disco. No, I mean it, disco. Andy Butler and Antony Hegarty are bringing you brand spankin",0,1,"Aug 28, 2008"
3,"I can't understand why this has gotten good reviews. This is annoying dance, disco with annoying singing. Yes, I am white and yes disco still sucks.",0,1,"Mar 28, 2009"
3,"Totally boring and flat production with horrible out of tune vocals. Nothing touching or emotional. Nowhere renovational. A real drag to get through. Cant believe why this gets such good reviews. I looked very much forward to this record :-(",0,1,"Jul  5, 2009"
4,"Poor. Nothing except for Antony and some catchy-jazzy-funky tunes. I am sorry.",0,1,"Oct 28, 2008"
10,"Best Album of 2008! Fantastic!",0,1,"Mar 17, 2008"
4,"I never have been able to get used to Antony's voice. The music is astounding, but the vocals will eternally irritate me. (And even if I liked his voice, it doesn't go well with dance music.)",0,1,"Mar 21, 2008"
10,"Best album of the year, fantastic!",0,1,"Mar 21, 2008"
9,"One of the first must have records of 2008, very very hard to fault",0,1,"Mar 25, 2008"
2,"I bought this on the strength of the reviews on this site. Really wished I hadn't.",0,1,"May 19, 2008"
6,"Sounds catchy and his voice is beautiful but this is awfully ghey stuff.",0,1,"Jun 24, 2008"
3,"Cheesy, really really really cheesy euro techno in the worst vein. I got rid of it after one listen.",0,1,"Jun 24, 2008"
10,"I have to disagree with the user who described Antony's voice as '...not going well with dance music.' What better voice to put over new disco beats than a diverse, deep but androgynous one? He seems more at home here than with the Johnsons.",0,1,"Jun  9, 2008"
9,"Dance revolting, enthousiastic, so 80s, 90s and yet so much fresh...music of today, the big surprise from US, sounds european project.",0,1,"Jul 25, 2008"
10,"Wow! Great album!",0,1,"Mar 14, 2008"
10,"An amazing album from start to finish. Such talent!",0,1,"Mar 18, 2008"
10,"Flawless album",0,1,"Mar 23, 2008"
0,"PITCHFORK GAVE IT A 9.1! IT MUST BE GOOD.",0,1,"Mar 29, 2008"
9,"I don't like disco before this disc.",0,1,"May 24, 2008"
5,"Sounds pretty good a first, then gets progressively more typical each repeat listen. Over-hyped.",0,1,"Jun 23, 2008"
7,"At times I listen to parts of this record and think to my self  what in gods name is this doing in my collection, but its almost as if the album hears my doubts and immediately moves to reassure me. At 10 tracks, its just long enough to make its point without losing focus. The record is pure pop that ,although doesn't necessarily sound like it, has a distinct underground feel. Largely inspired by the 80's, it takes the best of the synth pop bands of that decade and makes something new with it. Their cover of PIL's Public Image is the highlight of the record which in some ways takes away from the album as on this track you get a direct comparison to what they are trying to emulate and their own material comes up short next to this classic track. Overall well worth checking out if your open minded.",0,0,"May 21, 2013"
10,"Her best album since her debut. Into the nightlife will definitely be a dance hit and could possibly be her first chart hit since I Drove All Night.",0,0,"Jun  2, 2008"
10,"Best cd I've heard so far this year. Love it!",0,0,"Jun  6, 2008"
10,"Fantastic! Great fun pop songs with great mixes, beats and sense of fun. Her voice is superb!",0,0,"Jun  7, 2008"
10,"it's a rhytmic album folks; it's not meant to be marketed as a dance album...cyndi states it's a record with a lot of rhythms. Grab a Hold and Rain on Me rekindle the unusual/true color days. it's a treasured gem like Hat Full of Stars.",0,0,"May 30, 2008"
10,"A great surprise. Maybe two or three songs need some remixes to be improved. Same Ol' story and High and mighty are too long. My favourites songs are Set your heart, Rain on me, Rocking chair and Same Ol' story as well. Anyway the album is wonderful.",0,0,"Jun 12, 2008"
10,"I love it!!!!!!",0,0,"Jun 14, 2008"
10,"Her best since her epic debut. Practically no fillers here. People who like good song-writing combining meanigfull lyrics and catchy melodies will without doubt be addicted to this album.",0,0,"Jun 15, 2008"
10,"WOW!!! This album is in my top 5 so far this year, what a nice come back.",0,0,"Jun  2, 2008"
10,"Amazing, Cyndi's back!",0,0,"Jun 20, 2008"
9,"Absolutely one the best Cyndi Lauper album to date.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2008"
10,"Best album in 2008. Great songs, sound, voice and lyrics.",0,0,"May 29, 2008"
10,"Great CD and great songs. Cyndi is the best. The pop and rock queen knows what she is doing. Great vocalist and great lyrics. Best cyndi!",0,0,"May 30, 2008"
9,"This ablum is the ablum Madonna wanted to make. It makes you wanna dance while giving you someithing to think about, without being preachy. I love to different styles and sounds on the album, Unfortunately my favorite song on the whold album is one of the bonus tracks 'Can't Breathe' it is truly one of the most beautiful haunting ballads Cyn has ever done. But it's all about getting you up on your feet and Bringin' ya To The Brink. So I guess that only makes sense. Dance you will with terrific electro moments like Grab a Hold, and Into the Nightlife. I Say try it you might like it.",0,0,"May 30, 2008"
10,"The best ever...lyrics and voice! She ever found her way...no matter what people say. Not a product...just a great singer and composer.",0,0,"May 30, 2008"
10,"Cyndi Lauper has a great voice and she is still unusual. This new album is a return to the her beginning: fun!",0,0,"Jun 11, 2008"
10,"The best! Great album!! Surround and power sound! Simply I love Bring ya to the bring!",0,0,"Jun 10, 2008"
8,"Cyndi takes on all comers of the dance music world, fusing trance, house, pure pop, R'nB effortlessly, and while some of the really full on hi-energy leaves me a bit cold, the album is a great antidote to the over-egged oap in crotch tight spandex.",0,0,"Jun 12, 2008"
10,"This woman has the most incredible vocals ever! Cyndi's music has always gets the top slots in my CD racks!",0,0,"Jun 14, 2008"
10,"The new Cyndi's fulldance album is a surprise. Never expect the 80's sound revival so welldone like in 'Rain on Me' and 'Raging Storm' (a lost Pet Shop Boys discotrack).",0,0,"Jun  2, 2008"
10,"This is the best cd of the summer SONY deserves its financial problems if they do not promote the hell out of it will do everything for Cyndi that SHINE should have!",0,0,"Jun 21, 2008"
10,"Awesome!!!! The Queen has returned!",0,0,"Jun  3, 2008"
9,"Finally good stuff from Cyndi Lauper to listen to with great pleasure. This cd will bring her news young fans, not just the old ones from the eighties!",0,0,"Aug 14, 2008"
10,"I've had the honor of knowing Ms. Lauper for many years. She is incredibly talented and a true artist. This album is one of her best. Among my favorites are 'Raging Storm' and 'Rain On Me', a haunting ballad reminiscent of 'Time After Time'. Please support her by buying this album. I assure you it will quickly become one of your favorites.",0,0,"Aug 20, 2008"
10,"This is a wonderfull album. of course is not the same as a confessions on the dance floor. at least cyndi is more original she didnt use any sample cover for any of her songs. and she can sing, we cannot say the same of Madonna.",0,0,"May 31, 2008"
10,"Sounds like a newer version of she's so unusual, new vibe and very up to date. My younger friends are enjoying it, their comments were 'and who would of thought? Cyndi Lauper?",0,0,"Jun 16, 2008"
10,"Awesome return...puts Kylie and Maddie to shame...learn ladies learn!! ...One or two minor fillers but allowed for in scoring by containing some absolute scorching soon to be classic top toons... All bow before the altar that is Ms Cyndi.",0,0,"Jun 16, 2008"
10,"Great Album! The best in the 2008!!",0,0,"Jun 22, 2008"
10,"One of Lauper's best albums yet.  Such a shame it didn't do as well as it should have. :(
Oh well, that's the music buisness for you. Personally my fav track is Into The Nightlife.",0,0,"May 17, 2011"
9,"Such an amazing album, not just catchy it has meaning, every song has it's very own soul and the beats are so special, Into The Nightlife is such an incredible song.",0,0,"May 26, 2011"
2,"This album was almost... a complete peice of trash. I don't know how stuff like this gets good ratings, but I cannot argue against the system. As for the review: Awful lyrics, childish and non imaginitive, things rhyme but they are not even clever and some fail to make sense. It isn't even art anymore. The music is simple and... I ll just say it now, There just is not anything 'great' about this album.",0,2,"May  1, 2008"
4,"Utterly and completely over-rated.",0,1,"May  4, 2008"
3,"Overrated!",0,1,"Jun  7, 2008"
2,"Konichiwa Bitches is fantastic. One of my favorite songs. Unfortunately, the rest of the album sucks.",0,1,"May  5, 2008"
0,"Are you guys kidding me? the first time i think i saw her or heard of her was on letterman and she absolutely positively sucked... so either this is completely overatted, or she sucks. I think its a combination of both.",0,2,"May 31, 2008"
5,"really overrated, and very arrogant, boring, self-important lyrics. Some good songs, check it out.",0,1,"Aug 14, 2008"
10,"Great songs from start to finish, it's one song that i skip, but it isn't really bad TBH. Lyrics are on point and I don't like it when a popsinger raps about a serious matter. Robyn choosed to rap, but rapped in a funny way. 10/10",0,0,"May  7, 2008"
10,"Really the best pop album of the last 20 years. It's Robyn's 'Like a prayer'. Definitely worth the wait. I guess this is what happens when musicians care more about artistry than money.",0,0,"May 29, 2008"
10,"This is the best pop album of the 2000s. Seriously. Every song could be a single. Every ballad is heartbreaking. Every uptempo jam kills. If you are a fan of pop music, this is the must have album of 2008.",0,0,"May  5, 2008"
10,"Probably one of the best albums that's in my CD case. Doesn't matter when I decide to put it on, it always sounds great! The one thing about Robyn is that she doesn't have a strong voice. But her emotion behind her voice conveys to every song on the album. Especially 'Handle Me', 'With Every Heartbeat', 'Be Mine' and 'Dream On'. You can actually feel that she means it. As a person who heard her in the 90's, and that's it, it's refreshing to know that there is pop music out there that actually has meaning. Kudo's, Robyn!",0,0,"Oct  5, 2009"
9,"One of the best albums of the year. I believe some of the best track were not even released as singles!!!",0,0,"Oct 30, 2008"
10,"Totally lives up to the hype and well worth the wait for the domestic release. I'd heard several cuts on YouTube and other places, but was still shocked how consistently strong the whole CD is. Not a clunker in the bunch.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
10,"One the best albums ever! AMAZING album!!!",0,0,"May  1, 2008"
10,"Best pop album of the last 5 years.",0,0,"May  3, 2008"
10,"Simple, the best pop album I ever listened!!",0,0,"May  4, 2008"
10,"flawless EVERY single song on this album is g.r.e.a.t! saw her live and show just matched the energy and quality her videos for this album are gems as well FEROCIOUS!!!! :)",0,0,"May  4, 2008"
9,"This is a good album, no real dissapointments. The songs are very different from one another, Eclipse is a slow acoustic ballad, while anytime you like is a electro ballad. Should have known is a 80's RnB song, while Be mine! is a 80's pop song, and so on and on. This is a eclectic album for eclectic minds. Lyrics are on point as well, ranging from silly towitty to serious.",0,0,"May  6, 2008"
10,"These guys are all right. If you don't like this album it's 'cause you don't like pop. I know it sounds arrogant, but this album is so well done, Juicy Pop.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2008"
5,"Good songs (I especially enjoy 'every heartbeat'...) but let's not exaggerate: it's FAR from being one of the best record of the year!",0,0,"Jun 18, 2008"
10,"Brilliant! Robyn has evolved into one of the most interesting artists of the decade.",0,0,"Jun  7, 2008"
7,"Very catchy tunes.",0,0,"Jul 24, 2008"
6,"Nothing new. Good sound and pretty solid pop, that far goes Robyn. The rest is over used old pop structure, lack of actitud and easy lyrics. Might have been a good cd for the 90s but for 2008 is nice but weak.",0,0,"Aug 20, 2008"
8,"Robyn and Annie are rightful heirs to Madonna's pop queen status. Youthful, posturing. . . There's no reason to pretend that artificiality isn't a big part of what makes pop music great, and both musicians demonstrate a very hip strand of artifice. Unfortunately, one of the songs on Robyn's album (which was actually completed in 2005!) reminds me too much of a terrible Kid Rock song. Unnerving. When you consider the pop garbage that teenage girls tend to ingest, these musicians would probably leave a more positive impact, and maybe even a greater interest in music later in life.",0,0,"Oct 19, 2008"
10,"THE pop album of the year!!!!!!!",0,0,"Apr 29, 2008"
10,"A perfect pop album. Amazingly creative and rich. Poetic, witty, funny. A smash. Robyn is a complete artist. Superior.",0,0,"May 12, 2008"
10,"I've been listening to this album since it release in Sweden, 2005, and I'm still not tired of it. My favourite is Handle me. Love it!",0,0,"May 14, 2008"
10,"robyn has brought it. for real. this is seriously the best album i've heard all year, and i expect it will keep that status for the rest of the year as well. i think it speaks to robyn's creativity, musical abilities, and long-lasting appeal that she wrote this album more than 3 years ago, and it still is the newest/best sound out there in pop.",0,0,"May 15, 2008"
10,"A breath of fresh air! It has completely taken over my Ipod. This is how pop music should be done. Look out for Bum Like You, Who's That Girl & Dream On. Huge Highlights!",0,0,"May 18, 2008"
10,"Pop perfection! I never thought I would here something so future-forward and fantastic in my lifetime! It's in my top 2 so far this year!!",0,0,"May 26, 2008"
10,"Just as devastating as it was three years ago, Robyn's new album is one of the strongest pop of the last half of the 2000's.",0,0,"May 27, 2008"
10,"One of the best pop albums you're likely to hear for quite a while--because it doesn't get lost in itself, take itself too seriously, or throw in 'filler'--as most albums these days do. Robyn allows each track to shine on its own, and none disappoints!",0,0,"May 27, 2008"
9,"I usually don't listen to this kind of music. But this is too good to be missed out. And you'll notice here & there she sings like Kate Bush. So fresh. Bravo.",0,0,"May  3, 2008"
10,"The best pop album of the last three years. I first heard it upon its original release in 2005 and I'm amazed at its staying power. It still sounds just as fresh and packs as big a punch as it did when I first heard it. Robyn deserves every ounce of praise she receives for this brilliant, sexy, and satisfying record. Both new and old artists should take notes because Robyn has released an album that features pop done right.",0,0,"May  3, 2008"
10,"Absolute pop perfection. I was nearly moved to tears when I heard it. Madonna is the gold standard of pop, and Robyn is up there with Madonna's best--Robyn's 'Robyn' is as flawless as Madonna's 'Madonna.' She might be best-described as Britney Spears meets M.I.A. Every song is like a gift--they're catchy, fun, provocative, and sound better with each listen. Not only the best album of the last few years, but one of the best pop albums in history.",0,0,"Jun 12, 2008"
10,"A stunningly brilliant album. The hits are non-stop. 'Konichiwa Bitches,' 'Crash and Burn Girl,' and 'Cobrastyle' are energetic party songs, while 'Robot Boy,' 'With Every Heartbeat,' 'Be Mine!', and 'Dream On,' are perfectly tender and thoughtful. And that's not even mentioning 'Bum Like You,' 'Handle Me,' or any of the other tracks on this album. I don't skip any songs. Every one is a joy to listen to. Quite simply the best album in years.",0,0,"Jun 15, 2008"
10,"best POP album of the last few years:D",0,0,"Jul 17, 2008"
10,"Fantastic Pitch!",0,0,"Jul 22, 2008"
10,"This is absolutely brilliant electropop. Love it.",0,0,"Jul  7, 2008"
8,"Yes she has grown with Abba,but there are sick beats here and electronic production that begs for international praise.Not everything is good but it's much better than the average pop album of the 00's",0,0,"Mar  5, 2009"
4,"Listened to this twice and have not picked it up since. Dull, dull, dull minus a few passable tracks. What the hell is the big deal? Don't waste your money.",0,0,"Nov 25, 2008"
9,"It's really fresh! Amazing! I had lost faith in pure Pop (even if I am not and had never been a great Pop fan), but artists like her or Madonna make great Pop music! Not 10 because of 1 or 2 songs that are kitsch. The rest is very impressive and unexpected!",0,0,"Nov  6, 2008"
9,"If you love pop music, which includes danceable beats and catchy lyrics and melodies, you'll LOVE Robyn! It's one of the best albums of 2008 seriously. It's a great departure if you're sick of hearing all the critically acclaimed indie bands taking over, check this out! It's not weird like Animal Collective, and unlike most indie bands and music, it has singles that can top the charts!",0,0,"Feb 21, 2009"
10,"Solid ... just totally solid!",0,0,"Nov 13, 2008"
10,"Excellent album.  THe songs are great and keep you dancing.  I have all of robyn's albums and let me tell you...this one brings it home.  Check it out if you wanna dance",0,0,"Sep 22, 2010"
10,"Definitely a fresh breath of air in pop music.  Robyn is a true artist, not your typical manufactured pop dancing machine.  She proves indubitably that pop music can have soul, too.",0,0,"Apr 21, 2011"
10,"Love the album. Robyn is one of these singers that cares more about the music than fame, money etc. In her songs you can feel the effort she puts into creating them.",0,0,"Jan 21, 2015"
10,"In my opinion, Robyn defined herself with this absolutely amazing album for the very first time. With Curriculum Vitae she introduces herself (in a quite exaggerated way) and over the course of listening to the album we get to know her cheeky rapping, her sweet voice as well as some really heartbroken and calm moments she decided to share with us on this album. Special highlights on 'Robyn' are With Every Heartbeat, Crash And Burn Girl and Handle Me.",0,0,"Jul 21, 2012"
10,"Fantastic considering the worst song on the album was a number 1 Hit!",2,2,"Dec  5, 2008"
9,"I really enjoy this record: impressive production, quality song writing and, above all, an amazing Madonna. I had been expecting such quality since Music: no fillers, only potential hits. I was worried the album would sound ordinary, too similar to Nelly Furtado and Gwen Stefany, but the people who say it does have NOT listened to Hard Candy properly: it's a pure Madonna style, with a ltlle (excellent) Timerberlake urban flavour now and then.",1,1,"Apr 30, 2008"
8,"Metacritic's score seems to be a bit skewed towards the negative - I've read lots of positive reviews from reputable sources that aren't included here. it's not at all surprising that places like pitchforkmedia don't like this - they don't want to alienate their hipster indie-rock audience by acknowledging that something good can occasionally come out of the mainstream. for the rest of us who aren't quite so stuck-up, this album is a big old slab of fun. enjoy it for what it is.",1,1,"Apr 30, 2008"
10,"I'm in love with this album, it's one of her best. Funky!",1,1,"Apr 30, 2008"
6,"I'm really waiting MDNA, because i don't like this a lot. Sure, this is Madonna's worst album. Yes there are good songs ( I think that Miles Away it's fantastic ) but there are bad songs like 'Spanish Lesson' and 'incredible', too. And this is the first Madonna's album that doesn't have a particular or revolutionary sound. So, a quite good album but when you are Madonna people want from you a great album, not quite good. (sorry for my English)",1,1,"Mar 25, 2012"
3,"As a huge Madonna fan, I'm disappointed. Never has she sounded more bored and more like a guest on her own songs. Enlisting the help of Timbaland and Timberlake reeks of desperation, and this half-baked effort contains no Madonna classics and only a handful of tolerable songs. Her worst studio effort without question.",3,4,"May 25, 2008"
5,"I think Madonna lost her way in music with this album. she wamted to try something new but it didn't work. i think R&B beats don't fit on her. the only songs u can bear in this album are 'Miles Away' and 'Devil Wouldn't Recognize You'. they sounds like real Madonna. we all expected more from her after her huge success in 'Confessions on a Dancefloor'.",1,2,"Apr 28, 2010"
10,"Hard candy is a rare gem that is full of life and perfection and excellently produced by Timberlake, Timbaland, Pharrell, kanye and The Neptunes. Madonna is at the top of her game with this album and it is one of her better efforts,the noughties are the new eighties for Madonna. tracks-4 Minutes,Give it 2 Me,Miles Away,She's Not Me,Beat Goes On,Dance 2night,Spanish lesson,and Devil are exceptional songs.",0,1,"Jan  3, 2009"
10,"Great album. i didn't like 4 minutes at first, but i was only a matter of time so I could like it. My favs: Spanish Lesson, She's not me, Heartbeat, Give it to me, Candy Shop, Beat goes on.",0,1,"Jun 11, 2010"
0,"She's now old enough to be a grandma, which is why her childish need for attention and shock is so pathetic... and thanks again for ruining Guy Richie's career.",0,5,"Apr 29, 2008"
10,"wow Hard candy is just the best madonna album ever!!!!!",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
1,"Creativity is a word out of madonna's vocabulary. The album is irritating, futile, hypocritically innocent and all in one: show of. Is the worst of a",0,0,"Oct  6, 2008"
8,"It's not her best album but it is good!",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
8,"Well, if musicOMH.com and Karen/Brent says Madonna sucks then that must be true, right? Well, no. Sorry to disappoint but that isn't necessarily the case here. First off, let me state for the record that I can't stand Madonna. Everything about her grates me the wrong way but I do have the conviction and the scruples to give someone their dues when...well, it's due. This is a good album because no album that Timberland has been near could ever be rubbish. Except that one had did in the late '90s...when he was still fat. Buy this album so that Madonna can afford that extra black child she's always wanted.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
10,"Though same tracks are pretty weak, there are a lot of gems here. They jsn't need some time to shine. It's not an album you'll love on the first listen. I wouldn't even call it a grower. You just need to feel the music, 'cause above all this is a straightforward dance album...",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
7,"There is more single material rather than a great album full of strong songs Best Songs-4 Minutes,Give It To Me,Heartbeat,Beat Goes On",0,0,"May 10, 2008"
10,"Excellent!",0,0,"May  2, 2008"
8,"This album is not as good as Confessions; it doesn't have that album's brilliant combination of back-to-basics dance and the emotional core of Ray of Light and Like a Prayer. However, that being said, Hard Candy is still an extremely enjoyable record, filled with thumping modern beats (see the production credits) and catchy choruses. Anyone who claims that the music and Madonna's personality have been drowned out by the production just isn't giving the album the chance it deserves.",0,0,"Jul  1, 2009"
10,"Best pop album so far this year.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
9,"NO WAY NEAR AS BAD AS SOME ARE MAKING IT, not better than confessions was but i think the pre-buzz is trying to kill it, really fun party/dance album more 80's vibe than anything she's done recently: CANDY SHOP, GIVE IT 2 ME, MILES AWAY, INCREDIBLE amd DEVIL are my FavEs!!!!!!",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
3,"There are only about 3 or 4 good songs thanks to her team of producers. Nothing original here. It all sounds what's been on the radio for the past few years. What would Madonna have done through her career without the great record producers she's hired.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
3,"Atrocious by anyone's standards. Is incredibly sad to hear her get down to this kind of mess she has been able to avoid for so long.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
10,"Fantastic.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
1,"Not great. The songs are all generic. She's too old to be singing these kinds of songs.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
10,"Excellent! I'm so relieved.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
10,"I love it....!!!! Madonna have done a great job again!!!",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
10,"Don't listen to anyone that says this is not a good album. This is one of Madonna's BEST albums. The majority of the tracks are just awesome, and this album deserves to be listened to with the volume up and the bass pumping! A real crowd pleaser of an album. Fun, exciting, and very danceable.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
10,"She hasn't had this fun on an album since Like A Prayer and hasn't gotten as artistic as Ray Of Light.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
10,"What can you say to describe this, this is gobsmackingly brilliant, didn't think it would go right but it's a Madonna record at heart! Madonna never lets you down, with every album being a stunner! Love Madonna, she's right up there as one of the best artists of all time, you'll never regret loving Madonna!!!",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
3,"First album where it doesn't sound like Madonna is calling the shots. She should be ahead of the curve, not following it. No stand out tracks. No intelligence. No good. (And I am a fan).",0,0,"May  1, 2008"
6,"It's fine, but I feel like I've heard it all before.",0,0,"May  1, 2008"
4,"Madonna at it's worst. Generic US stuff. Another BigMac but this time unedible even on cnbs. Bedtime Stories crap at least had Human Nature and Bedtime Stories.",0,0,"May  1, 2008"
1,"Queen of reinvention is desperate. Maybe two ok tracks at best.",0,0,"May  1, 2008"
2,"it seems Timbaland makes all albums looks like the same thing. For me, Hard Candy is a more pop 'loose'. Terrible. Madonna is a good singer, but she doesn't need to put sexuality in evidence all time. This is soooo boring. Missing 'Erotica' so much.",0,0,"May  2, 2008"
10,"Great new sound. Perfect follow up to last CD.",0,0,"May  2, 2008"
10,"Awesome album, every song on it is excellent and I just can't stop listening to it!",0,0,"May  2, 2008"
6,"Its good, for both fans and typical listeners. Many funky and catchy beats, but its not great and nowhere near as good as some of madonna's other albums.",0,0,"May  3, 2008"
10,"hard candy is her best album of a decade.",0,0,"May  4, 2008"
2,"The biggest disappointment of the year! Young stars, such as Adele, Duffy, Estelle and even Britney released much and much better albums. What a shame for Madonna!",0,0,"May  5, 2008"
8,"Its a good album, it has excellent tracks, but I think that Madonna could have done something more exciting like Confessins. Anywaysm it has the 'MADONNA' seal, and that is guaranteed.",0,0,"May  7, 2008"
10,"Great album...!!!",0,0,"May  9, 2008"
9,"Madonna the Best!",0,0,"Jul 17, 2008"
6,"Okay people!... Madonna is one of the greatest thing that happened to Pop music... Until 2005's 'Confessions on a Dance Floor'. Could she be called 'Queen of Pop' with an album like Hard Candy?! Not sure. There is no creativity (using the same notes and sounds that Timbaland used in Nelly Furtados and Justin Timberlake's music... They even sound disgusting now!), no sincerity, no re-invention, it's BRAINLESS... There's absolutely nothing special. It would be a great album for Britney Spears, but for Madonna...!? The greatest songs are from co-producer Pharrell Williams ('Give It 2 Me', 'She's Not Me', 'Incredible' and 'Beat Goes On'), and I only credit Timbaland for '4 Minutes'.",0,0,"Jul 21, 2008"
9,"Far from perfect, I have yet to find any Madonna album that is, Hard Candy is, however very close. Of course it lacks the huge stand out moments that its predecessor had in Hung Up, Sorry and Jump. But it, as a complete album, holds together well, it flows better than any other Madonna album I can think of. The stand out tracks for me are: She's Not Me, Beat Goes On (Feat. Kanye West), Spanish Lesson, Give It 2 Me, Heartbeat and Devil Wouldn't Recognize You. In typical Madonna style, the balladry, is Excellent. In truth the only, and regretably longest, mistake on the album is Incredible, which really shows how weak her voice is if not treated properly. This coupled with the dreadful lyrical content and rather passe beats, it adds up to being the albums only real mistake.",0,0,"Jul  2, 2009"
2,"Wow, this is her worst album! :| R.I.P Madonna.",0,0,"Apr 26, 2008"
7,"Good enough! A couple of tracks are excellent (Miles Away, Gi2M) but it doesn't come anywhere close to her last album's giddiness.",0,0,"Apr 26, 2008"
10,"Amazing! My favorites are Heartbeat, Give It 2 Me, and Devil Wouldn't Recognize You. I haven't stopped playing it for 3 days. I am thrilled and think it's the best dance album in years.",0,0,"Apr 27, 2008"
10,"Amazing album!!! One of her best!!!",0,0,"Apr 29, 2008"
4,"Atrocious for an artist of her calibre. So dissapointing. 2, maybe 3 decent tracks tops. I love her too.",0,0,"Apr 29, 2008"
10,"Her best album in ten years. Catchy, fun and lighthearted.",0,0,"Apr 29, 2008"
8,"Not her best, but it's a grower so far. I'm on the 3rd listen and some of the tracks are getting infectious. Some are a bit overdone. Dance2night is adorable.",0,0,"Apr 29, 2008"
9,"Every song has something great to offer and you wont stop dancing...its not a producers album. Madonnas stamp is all over the place.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
10,"Simply put: A masterpiece!!!",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
9,"Amazing album. I think she has the right, after all her years in the record business, to make an album that is just pure fun to listen to, which is what hard candy is all about.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
8,"And one more thing... Entertainment Weekly gave this album a B+, how does that factor in as an 83??? The accuracy of this website is definitely questionable.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
10,"I love hard candy its her best album.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
10,"Great catchy songs",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
10,"Amazing album...i love it!",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
10,"Madonna is simply brilliant. Always. I love her stuff with a message, but this is perhaps her best album since 'Ray of Light.' (And I love the others, so that means something.) It's not as serious, but it's where she is right now and at the end of the day, it's good stuff. 'Give It 2 Me,' 'She's Not Me,' 'Beat Goes On,' 'Dance 2 Night,' etc. are among her best dance songs. 'Devil' and 'Voices' are beautiful, and 'Miles Away' is perhaps the most gorgeous Madonna song ever. The album's full of good stuff; even the weakest track ('Spanish Lesson') is decent.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
10,"This is amazing! It's retro and futuristic at once, and even thou she requested the fashion producers, she didn't become a plastic icon as it happens for 8 of 10 artists when they adventure themselves that side... Go, Madge!",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
10,"One of the most innovative Madonna album",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
10,"One of her best in my opinion. Love Give it 2 Me, Beat Goes On, Miles Away, Heartbeat.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
10,"Great album...!!!",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
10,"Awesome work. Probably her best.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
10,"One of her best ! The perferct follow-up to 'Confessions on a dance floor' ! :>",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
10,"Its fantastic dc, madonna is the queen.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
10,"This album is flawless! The production is so layered and constantly surprising. Standout tracks for me are 'She's Not Me', 'Incredible', 'Give It 2 Me', 'Miles Away and 'Devil Wouldn't Recognise You' 10 Out Of 10",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
10,"FANTASTIC album! One of her most consistent!",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
6,"Not a bad record, but not great either. After becoming relevant again with Confessions, Madonna has lost some momentum. By the way, folks, perfect scores should be reserved for transcendent works -- this one simply doesn't qualify.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
9,"A very good disc that brings Madonna up to date but the album's producers don't leave her the space she needs to be Madonna. Quite fun and easy listening but we demand more.",0,0,"May 11, 2008"
7,"Let's face it, we've grown to expect more imaginative things from Madonna. But the bottom line is that it's quite a good pop record. Not earth-shattering or genre-bending. Just sugary pop fun. The title says it all.",0,0,"May  1, 2008"
8,"This is how a pop album should be: no pretensions, no nonsense, with feet-stomping, finger-snapping danceable tunes that would appeal to everyone.",0,0,"May 11, 2008"
8,"Hard candy is sweet, tasty but have empty calories. Guilty pleasure. It's fun but complitly dispossible. She could have it so much better.",0,0,"May 11, 2008"
10,"No, it's not the soul-searching journey Ray of Light is, nor is it the amazing space disco odyssey Confessions on a Dance Floor is; however, Hard Candy is a constantly dancable (is that a word?) album that still ranks among her best work, number 5 on my personal list of favorite Madonna albums. It's like she looked back on that girl that was rolling around in a wedding dress at the MTV awards, going back in time, kicking her ass, then drinking her blood while recording the new album. Madonna is just THAT badass. Definitely worth a listen.",0,0,"May 13, 2008"
3,"Just one decent song(4 minutes).",0,0,"May  1, 2008"
10,"Madonna successfully integrates the musical styles of her new producers without losing her own sound. 'Miles Away, ' with its heartbreaking lament, 'So far away' is classic Madonna. The song should be her 3rd release after 'Give It To Me.' Her promotional concert at the Roseland Ballroom confirms the fact that she is simply unrivaled!",0,0,"May  1, 2008"
3,"This album sucks! Disappointing doesn't even begin to describe it!",0,0,"May  2, 2008"
10,"For me the album is a perfect hybrid of all the Madonna personas and sounds we've heard over the years but with an up to date vibe....there's RnB,Disco,Electonica,Retro etc etc...there's Bitchy,Fun,Lonely and Self-Reflective....from her vocals to the sound and vibe....a perfect goodbye record to Warner and 25 years Yeap,she's not steps ahead but she has been so many times AND after the block she received from american radio who can blame her for wanting to go mainstream and lighter this time....T-H-I-S is the dance record she set out to make a couple of years ago... The people she worked with this time are as familiar in the music world as her,so people seem to have a hard time accepting their presence or influence.But the record still screams Madonna. i can live without one or two songs but the rest... gems :) Everything she does gets reactions from both extremes but rarely gets apathy,which is always preferable in life....lol. ....which is also another reason to love her! Stop complaining,play the album,dance and enjoy your summer soundtrack!",0,0,"May  3, 2008"
3,"You must be joking.",0,0,"May  3, 2008"
8,"Sure it's safe, by Madonna's standard. But like the album 'Music,' this is a fun record but with lots more potential hits: Beat Goes On, Miles Away, Heartbeat. Pharell's tracks are, surprisingly to me, much better than the Timbaland/Timberlake collaborations.",0,0,"May  4, 2008"
5,"This cd sounds like Spice Girls without the Spice Girls...So many of the beats remind me of early spice girls songs. I feel like the only way this cd will be decent is through remixes. I guess there's the occasional decent song, but it's really a step down from confessions.",0,0,"May  5, 2008"
10,"Old-school, funky, as fresh as her first album... just great!!!",0,0,"May  6, 2008"
3,"Very disappointing...this cd feels forced, like Madonna knows as it goes along that it's just not working...her collaborators have too much leeway, and they're terrible. Timberlake's 4 Minutes is putrid, and why do hip-hop artists feel the need to repeat names a dozen times in songs??...'Madonna...Madonna....Madonna...' so lame it's laughable....Madonna needs to grab the reigns again, these Bozo's ruined this effort. I have no problem with a misstep, I haven't disliked anything from her before this, but I guess her big mistake was letting over-rated drecks take over her album entirely.",0,0,"May  8, 2008"
10,"So far... Her best work! She's in pop again!",0,0,"Aug 20, 2008"
8,"Madonna now adds a new type of sound to her array of styles. 'Miles Away' really shines on this album.",0,0,"Apr  5, 2009"
8,"She doesn't reinvent the wheel on this one, but the album contains some great tracks.",0,0,"Aug  1, 2009"
6,"This is not one of Madonna's stand out albums. It lacks the depth of Ray of Light or the fantastic feel-good moments of confessions; I can think of more stand-out moments for Madonna. Having said that, the album does contain many good songs, highlights being Give It 2 Me, She's Not Me and Beat Goes On. After Confessions, I was expecting something special from the Queen of Pop, but this sadly, despite being co-produced by some of the top producers around, lacks the magic of some of her previous albums.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
8,"Its an album which takes time to be appreciated. I now love the album, it has some awesome tunes and some hot beats but it's not a Madonna album. Its not innovative enough, too main stream and too contrived to be a Madonna classic. Its hot, it's no confessions, but its hot. Could do with less JT, shoe doesnt need him.",0,0,"Nov 12, 2008"
10,"This album sure is hot!Best songs are Devil wouldn't recognize you,miles away,voices and beat goes on!",0,0,"Nov 21, 2008"
9,"The first Madonna album with all that hip-hop, R&B, and dance music experimenting, this CD will make the perfect party going wild.",0,0,"Nov 25, 2008"
8,"Okay, so it's not a Confessions, Ray of Light or even Music, but it's great. Madonna's going back to an American radio friendly sound, and she works it out. Usually opting for lesser known producers, Madonna's decision to work with Timbalake and Pharrell left me a little worried. Although their trademark sounds are all over this album, Madonna really makes it her gem, not theirs. Standout tracks for me include Candy Shop, Give It 2 Me, Dance 2night and the breakdown halfway through Incredible.",0,0,"Apr 23, 2008"
10,"I was a little worried about whether I would like Hard Candy after the first single, 4 Minutes, was released. Now that I've heard the whole album, I would say that 4 Minutes is possibly the weakest track, and not really indicative of the album as a whole. Hard Candy is being hyped as a kind of R/B/Hip-Hop album, but it's not hip-hop at all. In fact, I would say that this album is what Confessions on Dancefloor was supposed to be: a return to Madonna's 80's club roots. This album actually has more of a retro/disco vibe than Confessions. Stand-out tracks: Heartbeat, Miles Away, Incredible Low points: 4 Minutes, Pharell's singing, and Kanye's lame rap on Beat Goes On",0,0,"Apr 27, 2008"
10,"This score is not accurate; the New York Daily News gave it 5 out of 5 stars, and People Magazine gave it 4 out of 4 stars...there are countless other amazing reviews, but this site picks and chooses which ones they're going to use.",0,0,"Apr 28, 2008"
1,"Dire one down.",0,0,"Apr 29, 2008"
9,"Hot and Jumpin' new and freshly fun",0,0,"Apr 29, 2008"
10,"Yes, metacritic forgot to post the great reviews from: Salon.com, About.com, Sputnikmusic, Attitude, the LA times, and the New York Times.... Hmmm....",0,0,"Apr 29, 2008"
9,"An excellent CD. True the Madonna form and includes some of the best songs of her career. It's a pity that Metacritic has failed to look more broadly for reviews - you will find some give this record 5/5 and 4/4...but bias will always exist when Madonna is reviewed!!",0,0,"Apr 29, 2008"
10,"Absolutely brilliant album! She did it again.",0,0,"Apr 29, 2008"
5,"Madonna & hip-hop was never a very successful marriage. And, stubborn as she is, she had to go back again on that road that leads nowhere. When will she ever learn that her niche is, and always was, dance music? And that is why this album compared to her previous masterpiece 'Confessions On A Dance Floor', is quite forgettable and bleak.",0,0,"Apr 29, 2008"
10,"love it!",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
8,"She can sometimes wallow in retro pop a bit too much but this eclectic mix really works and santogold has also seemed to grasp good pop ideals of catchy riffs and awesome instrumentation. She somehow manages to be part of and subvert the indie scene at the moment and its something everyone can listen too and enjoy if only because i love squealing the intro to creator!",0,0,"Jun  1, 2008"
10,"Absolutely great album - probably the most fresh 2008's stuff...",0,0,"May 13, 2008"
9,"What impresses about her songs are the depth, the hooks are intantly gratifying, instantly likeable, but somehow manage to get more and more profound upon each listen. You're mesmerized, disoriented, taunted even, but through the twists and turns her voice cuts through and achors you down. This kind of all consuming music is hard to come by, I'm compelled to dance, to spin, to fly, to dig deep.... it doesn't get much better folks.",0,0,"May  4, 2008"
10,"Thanks for Metacritic or else I wouldn't have discovered Santogold. This album is what the U.S. needed. Arguably, the only decent music that comes from the Hip-hop/R&B/Rap genres (there are few outside of this such as LCD Soundsystem), and there hasn't been an amazing new artist in the U.S. since Lupe Fiasco (in my opinion, again). Truthfully, I can't even place Santogold in one specific genre, which is the best thing about her. She draws comparison to M.I.A with her working with known M.I.A. producers, Diplo and Switch but I think she stands her ground. Definitely check out L.E.S. Artistes, You'll Find A Wat, Starstruck, Unstoppable and I'm A Lady.",0,0,"May  5, 2008"
9,"I think it's a great, versatile album. There is not a single track on it you'd want to skip when listening.",0,0,"Sep  8, 2008"
9,"Possibly my favorite album of the 2000's. She takes all the lessons learned from pop music of the late 70's through today and melds them into a genius sound; disco beats under punk bass with reggae backing vocals and a pop hook, with occasional hip-hop rapping to drive home points. Really, really excellent.",0,0,"May 10, 2008"
10,"A fantastic debut, mashing various styles and sounds, from electro, punk, rock and pop with a wider world influence, flavours of M.I.A., Bjork and even Gwen Stefani. Ultimately a strong and determined voice, with a a sense of passion and determination. A fresh classic album to define the summer of 08, I cant wait to see her live.",0,0,"May 27, 2008"
10,"It's the perfect blend of pop, indie, rock, dance, alt and electronic music. Santogold really is in a genre by itself.",0,0,"May  5, 2008"
9,"From start to finish this is a really listenable and most excellent album. Very eclectic mix of styles; indie, new wave, dance, dub reggae, etc... One song will sound like The Pretenders, another like M.I.A, then another like No Doubt, then another like Tegan and Sara and then 4 others like nothing I've ever heard before. Despite the fact that I'm a dude, I can't stop listening to 'I'm a Lady'. What a freakin' song!",0,0,"May  6, 2008"
10,"This album is amazing and then it gets better with every listen. Song by song it is not hard to make comparisons - one song is like one of the best MIA songs, another like one of the best YYYs songs. They all hang together and in fact when you listen as a group and get a feel for the big idea here none of the comparisons make any sense. This album is for real. If I have heard a better album this year I must have forgot about it when I started listening to this.",0,0,"May  7, 2008"
10,"While it resembles M.I.A it enters territory not covered by the latter and does so effectively. i.e It kicks some serious ass and will be pumping in my ride for at least the next week",0,0,"May  8, 2008"
9,"Weird but wonderful with at least three gems on there that are 'first time lovers'.",0,0,"Jun 25, 2008"
9,"In my opinion, this is the best album of 2008 I have listened to, so far. It's truly amazing. Purchase this album, if you're interested.",0,0,"Aug  3, 2008"
7,"Is it me or does this feel like a recycled version of bloc party's silent alarm with r'n'b twangs added to make it a bit different. it's still pretty good but only as an IT album. Don't expect fireworks. more like a 6.5.",0,0,"Oct 26, 2008"
10,"This isn't usually my sort of music so I was pleasantly surprised by this as it is one of my favourite albums of the year now.",0,0,"Aug 28, 2008"
10,"Santigold did a perfect job on this album, combining perfectly and mergers distant sounds amazing, fun melodies and a very particular depth in her voice and lyrics, without a doubt one of the best alternative albums of the decade and one of the best voices of the moment, Creator and LES Artistes are masterpieces! i really enjoy her music!",0,0,"Aug 13, 2010"
8,"Santigold",0,0,"May 16, 2012"
9,"This thing moves from start to finish. A few moments to breathe here or there, but otherwise it makes pop/dance non-stop pop/dance music seem easy. Great for running, working out and driving.",0,0,"Mar 17, 2009"
10,"Absolutely fantastic album all 'round. One of the best of 2008. Weird that even the reviews that gave it low scores seem to praise it. I don't know why this site allows shit reviewers that no one cares about to drag down the overall score of a fantastic album such as this.",0,0,"Oct  4, 2008"
10,"Quite honestly, this album hasn't left my CD player since it came out. it's simply stellar. it'll be hard to top this one for album of the year on my 2008 list. also saw cut copy live a few weeks ago and it was one of the most outrageous, dance-tastic shows i've ever seen!",0,0,"May 24, 2008"
8,"Hey, this band is so hip-hypnotic!!! I don't usually like what sounds here to be like dance music but these guys made a really really good album... Now .... why in the world did they name their band 'Cut Copy.' I mean, something like 'Evolution' would have been more dramatic for them and their groovey sound!",0,0,"May 31, 2008"
8,"Might grow on me, but so far has not lived up to the standard of the prereleased singles. Having said that it should get 8 points alone for Hearts on Fire being one of the tracks",0,0,"Jun 28, 2008"
10,"The perfect spring /summer day to evening soundtrack. Seemless from beginning to end, and as dynamic as it is varied without being too schizophrenic, it's hands down the best release so far in 2008.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2008"
10,"A musical gem of epic proportions. A beautiful, yet catchy album with some incredible songs. Probably, the best album of 08.",0,0,"Jan 23, 2009"
10,"Brilliant, gorgeous, original and absolutely catchy as hell! All these things probably make this the best of 2008.",0,0,"Mar 16, 2009"
9,"One of the best dance records this year, thanks to DFA man Tim Goldsworthy for producing it.",0,0,"May 23, 2008"
10,"This is one of the most energetic releases that has ever graced my hammer, anvil, and stirrup. After this album, I do believe in magic.",0,0,"May 28, 2008"
3,"This album has a few real standout songs, but the rest is really nothing special.",0,0,"Jun 12, 2008"
10,"Simply brilliant. It's a seamless flow of excellent music.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2008"
10,"Refreshing, unchallenging, perfect for the positivity, fun and listenability that it's added to my music collection. It's simple, engaging, enjoyable and hasn't worn off on me after 15 listens. Perfect.",0,0,"Sep 29, 2008"
10,"Easily, album of the year.",0,0,"Jan 21, 2009"
10,"So rare to find an album that is just pure catchy joy to listen to. Every song has hooks and is different enough to be interesting. Daft Punk crossed with New Order...outstanding record of the year so far by a mile.",0,0,"May 23, 2008"
10,"The perfect blend of disco, 80's dance music, and today's electronics, with some Joy Division guitars to make it even cooler.",0,0,"May 25, 2008"
9,"This album is like delicious New Order that doesn't suck. I can't stop listening to it. I bought their debut CD and its just as amazing!",0,0,"May 27, 2008"
10,"Its SO close to being a flawless album I had to give it a 10. Its a 9.7/9.8, but I had to round up. This CD is amazing.",0,0,"Jun 14, 2008"
9,"About the only gripe I'd have is that the link tracks don't do much for me if they pop up in 'shuffle' mode. That's not Cut Copy's fault. They've made an old-fashioned elpee, and a great one at that. Sure it's derivative, but the song construction is so sharp and the production so deliciously thick it hardly matters. It's been on my playlist for two months and looks to rule the summer for two or three more. The record of the year at the midway point.",0,0,"Jun 28, 2008"
10,"My favorite disc of last year, a must own for those who look back fondly on music from the 80's.",0,0,"Jan 23, 2009"
10,"The coolest and freshest album I've heard in ages. Now, this is real music.",0,0,"Jan 23, 2009"
10,"Truly a revelation. It's a joy to listen to from start to finish. This is destined to be a classic.",0,0,"Jan 23, 2009"
10,"Is it just me or was this one of, possibly THE BEST release of 2008?",0,0,"Jan 23, 2009"
10,"Brilliant collection of electronic, dance songs. Probably, the best album of 08.",0,0,"Feb 26, 2009"
10,"Okay, I've only been listening to this band since the beginning of 2008; however, even though at first I would only occasionally listen, they have slowly crept up the rungs of my addiction ladder. One question that is totally perturbing me with all the reviews: Why don't I read more about comparisons with New Order? This band has taken a similar aesthetic and rocketed it to a whole new level. To be sure, I am a fan of every genre of music and even do my own acoustic/countrified versions of New Order songs when playing solo gigs. This band is definitely on my list of recommended listens for perspective on the sounds of this decade.",0,0,"Sep 15, 2009"
6,"This album is like delicious suck that doesn't new order. I can stop listening to it any moment I choose. I bought their debut CD and its just as non-amazing as this crude.",0,0,"Dec 26, 2008"
9,"Beautifully and sympathetically produced, this is a cohesive set of pop songs dressed up as electro/dance. Unashamedly romantic lyrics cut through painterly washes of synth, summery acoustic strumming, and the occasional rave-up sound effect. The presence of Tim Goldsworthy behind the boards cannot be underestimated - what a remarkable transformation from their debut!",0,0,"Aug 12, 2010"
9,"Hugely diverse record. There's rock, pop and dance. It's upbeat, it's glory filled, there's angst, there's melancholy. It's fast, it's slow and, the majority of the time, it all comes together incredibly well.",0,0,"Jun 20, 2011"
8,"I love this album, it's fun, nostalgic and groovy all at the same time. This is a very clear sound Cut Copy developed since their debut. One of the great examples of the disco-punk/no wave sound.",0,0,"May 17, 2013"
5,"It's an average pop album. I expected something much better from Kylie. There are several amazing tracks (2 Hearts, Like a Drug, In My Arms, Speakerphone, Wow), but most other tracks are not so good.",1,1,"Apr  4, 2008"
10,"The album is a definite comeback. Most of the songs have single potential and Kylie proved once again that she can produce real pop music!",0,0,"May 10, 2008"
9,"I think this cd is great! I agree that there isn't a real 'standout' track, however, it is of generally higher quality than her last two albums. I think her longevity and ability to rise above both cancer and 'Britneyesque' behavior show true talent and professionalism.",0,0,"Jan 28, 2008"
10,"Amazing, reminds me Fever, true pop/dance music!",0,0,"Feb  1, 2008"
7,"There are tracks here that are pure pop goodness, but not many.",0,0,"Feb 20, 2008"
10,"Pop perfection! Kylie stays true to her pop roots and delivers another great album!",0,0,"Mar  6, 2008"
9,"There is something here for everyone. Only 3 tracks fail to grab me, but that doesn't mean they wouldn't play to someone else's tastes.",0,0,"Jun 12, 2008"
10,"Absolutely outstanding album. Every song is bursting with individuality! such a refreshing collection of tracks. furthermore, just what expectations do people have of Kylie? She has excelled herself through and through with this record, as have her production team. Thumbs up! What a delight to listen to at any time of the day! Magnetic Electric should be released without a doubt!",0,0,"Aug 13, 2008"
10,"This new cd, 'X', puts Kylie back on the pop map!!! it blows Britney outta the water, cuz Kylie can actually sing!!! from the 1st track on down it is a journey, it's amazing!! like a drug, all i see, the one, stars, and the hidden track rippin up the dancebfloor are just a few of the fab tracks!! take a listen you will love this cd!!!",0,0,"Dec 10, 2007"
10,"AMAZING!!! awesome 80's dirty pop and electronic songs... I found alot of bonus tracks floating around the net, would of liked those to be on the release!",0,0,"Dec  4, 2007"
6,"Begs, borrows, and steals from the leaders in the dance/pop field! Minogue remains a safe, predictable follower! Could she please lose the fake Brit accent? It is so grating!",0,0,"Dec  9, 2007"
10,"One of the best and classy pop albums this year! Kylie sure knows how to put a album together, She simply never disappoints her fans! For get HARD CANDY, For real pop experience, get this album instead!",0,0,"Nov 28, 2008"
10,"Kylie is back and better than ever.",0,0,"Jan 29, 2008"
10,"Absolutely fantastic! Sweet peace of Wow & No More Rain to the jaw-dropping work of Speakerphone! 10 through and through.",0,0,"Feb  1, 2008"
9,"This Album is Far better then most crap pop artists put out these days. All the Tracks here are well produced and classy! Kylie does not disappointed her long time fans at all, The Streak continues!",0,0,"Aug 24, 2008"
8,"I may be a bit biased since I've been a fan of Kylie for most of her career, but I don't know what all of these critics are talking about. Maybe many of them expected some great cancer battle revelation or a some kind of dance pop-cum-deep confession album, but since when was dance pop not supposed to be fun or deeply confessional? Yeah, this record is at times overproduced (Nu-di-ty) and maybe not innovative (Stars), but take many of these songs alone and you've got a fine collection of pop gems: 2 Hearts may not have been the best choice for a first single, but alone it's a fine record; Like a Drug is electro heaven, All I See is perhaps, one of the finest Kylie R&B moments ever, and The One is dance pop perfection! Love her or hate her, Kylie has got charisma and natural charm that few pop stars out there possess. Her natural ability to attract audiences young and old, in spite of lack of great vocal ability and sometimes annoying and nasal cooing, are what still makes her one of the best pop stars ever!!!",0,0,"Nov 27, 2007"
8,"A grower, not a shower. A little disappointing but listen to it a few times and it will grow on you.",0,0,"Nov 27, 2007"
10,"A great comeback! Fresh, catchy songs from beginning to ending! Combines different styles of music for a big success! Totally recommended!",0,0,"Nov 28, 2007"
6,"Some killer tracks but unfortunately a lot of filler. More of a compilation than an album. A pity - she has played the game much better on the last two albums.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2007"
10,"Its really cool.... some songs are so nice!! 2 hearts and all I see.... just cant get them out of my head!!",0,0,"Dec  6, 2007"
10,"Been a fan fo since her original 80's debut, She always sets high standards for herself and she again has given her best. I love this CD.",0,0,"Dec  6, 2007"
6,"It's fine. Just fine. 'Speakerphone,' 'Like a Drug' and '2 Hearts' really do stand-out. Then there's 'Stars,' 'Cosmic' and the nonsensical what's-it-doing-here 'Nu-Di-Ty.' 'Wow' is wonderful!",0,0,"Feb 21, 2008"
9,"Although it is not as cohesive as Madonna's Confessions on a Dancefloor Album, it is certainly more heartfelt. 'No More Rain' and 'Cosmic' highlight the singer's struggles with breast cancer and triumphant return to the stage, while 'The One', 'Speakerphone', 'Like a Drug' and 'In My Arms' are as good as dance-pop gets. The hidden track obtained by putting the CD into a computer is another piece of Dance-Pop gold. An Absolute MUST for any fan of fantastic pop.",0,0,"Nov 28, 2007"
10,"This album fulfilled every hope I had about it. Kylie's back and better than ever. Some tracks such as In My Arms, 2 Herats and Sensitized are both well produced and creative and the whole album has a amazing 80's air to it.",0,0,"Nov 28, 2007"
6,"I've got to say, Miss Minogue has made some pretty good music back her years, however, her 2008 album 'X' has not been a smash, although charting globally and the hit single '2 Hearts', it isn't what we call a 'Disco, House, Electropop' album. It is good, but lacks the music we really like.",0,0,"Sep 23, 2010"
7,"For a return to the music industry after an unexpected hiatus, X is a decent effort. This album hold quite a lot of sentimental value, but this should not delude from the fact that this album does show a lot of disjointed pot holes. Different writers and different producers have all had their hands in this: Kish Mauve, Xenomania, Calvin Harris, Steve Anderson and so forth and it definitely shows as this album takes on multiple identities, rather than one 'album' entity. I think every track on here is worthy to be on a Kylie album, just not together. Personal favourites are: Like A Drug, Speakerphone and Sensitized.",0,0,"Dec 26, 2010"
8,"This album is simply stunning. Although not her most acclaimed work, i personally think this is one of her best albums to date. There's just something about it. It's got style, quirk and that usual hint of pop gold that only artists like Kylie can offer. The album recieved a Grammy nomination for 'Best Dance/Electronica Album' - and rightly so, working with the likes of Calvin Harris this album put her right back were she belonged in the world of electronica/dance and pop music. One negative to point out though. I don't think her record label and herself decided to release the best tracks, 'Like a Drug' and 'Speakerphone' in my opinion are two of the best tracks on the album, but instead, for some reason her Label seem to want to place her in the 'R'n'B' genre - using tracks like 'All I See' for US airplay, and with no disrespect - Kylie is over 40 now - and i don't see how RnB is really going to suit her, even though 'The One' was not RnB sounding - again i don't understand why that track was used for UK and Australian airplay/release - when there were MUCH better tracks to choose from. But excluding the choice of released tracks this album - as a whole - is stunning. A true classic, grammy nominated deserving album.",0,0,"Feb 23, 2011"
10,"I LOVE this album! 'WOW', 'In My Arms' and 'Speakerphone' are phenomenal, strong and my personal favourite songs from this album. Album as a whole is energetic disco-pop.",0,0,"May 25, 2011"
9,"An utterly stunning comeback. Track by track this album oozes stylish sex appeal. Kylie prooves with this album that unlike Madonna (and all those other frustrating comparisons) she moves with the times with her own sound, not jumping from genre to genre to proove how cool she is. Electro pop has never felt so fresh and classic all at the same time, play it loud, play it quietly it stays with you all day, and to myself, it will stay for years to come. There might be the odd dull moment or moment that feels a little forced, but hey, what artist doesn't nower days ? A truely outstanding album that shouldn't be forgotten as one of the ultimate comeback albums.",0,0,"Sep 26, 2011"
8,"Kylie's most electric album to date. Fun, stylish and sometimes touching music from the ultimate 'Princess of Pop'. She gave her adoring fans exactly what they wanted, and that's what matters most.",0,0,"May  1, 2012"
8,"Probably one of the most underestimated albums Kylie has ever released. This album offers different genres of dance in a grand mixture. Download: The One, 2 Hearts, Speakerphone",0,0,"Mar 23, 2014"
8,"A great album with innovative character, being released after a difficult phase of the singer. Brought a electropop sound with the album 'Blackout' Britney Spears that was not common in the music industry.",0,0,"Apr  8, 2015"
10,"Easily one of the better works from this prestigious duo. 'Alive 2007' contains a flawless execution of house and memorable charm which was already present in the original songs. This is the perfect daily dose for you rave and techno/house lovers out there.",7,7,"Apr  8, 2008"
10,"I'm not even a fan of house music but this album is a major exception.",6,6,"Mar 27, 2008"
10,"Dear Jesus, Thank you for this.",1,1,"Dec  7, 2007"
10,"Insane! absolutely best Daft CD I own.",1,1,"Dec 16, 2007"
10,"flawless live album, everything that is good about daft punk rolled into an incredible hour+. great listening experience you wont soon forget. The track lead-ins are fantastic, and the French duo manages to make material from their alright album 'human after all' seem fresh and energetic.",1,1,"Nov  6, 2011"
8,"Get the DVD, the visual production is amazing, The best live music show I ever seen, a mindblowing visual experience. About the music, its a great selection of Daft Punk work.",0,1,"Jan 31, 2008"
0,"I found this soo boring to try to listen to.",0,19,"Dec 14, 2007"
10,"An excellent mix of their best material through the years. A great new spin on old classics.",0,0,"Dec  6, 2007"
10,"One of the very great Live albums of our times, this album encapsulates the energy and versatility of electronica and house that Daft Punk so vehemently pioneered in the 90's and 00's. If you listen to this and don't wish you were there, sweaty, battered yet oh so happy, then maybe you should think about retiring from the DJ scene.",0,0,"Feb  7, 2008"
10,"One of the best live albums ever; it's a very good Daft Punk album. If you're a Daft Punk fan, it's a must have. Listening to it really makes you feel like you were at the concert.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2007"
10,"Incredible! If you like to dance... then this cd is for all y'all!",0,0,"Jan 30, 2008"
10,"Truly, a refreshing way to release a greatest hits of sorts. its familiar while still being new.",0,0,"Jan  5, 2008"
10,"Simply Amazing. No words can describe how perfect this album is. Just go out buy it and experience it for yourself. I missed their 2007 tour but I won't make that mistake again if they plan to do Alive 2017.",0,0,"Feb 16, 2008"
10,"To anyone that understands what a DJ set is there will be no mistake of considering this album brilliant. The live show is being considered by many the best concert ever. I was lucky enough to be at their LA concert and from a jaded concert-goer perspective I was blown away by the experience. I am just glad that this album exist to let me feel with every listen simply ALIVE.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2007"
10,"I have found it very hard to dissipate my need, yes, NEED to listen to this cd on a daily basis. Daft Punk seamlessly intertwine all of their best and worst songs off of their last 3 albums, creating a unique and highly addictive record. I'm just in a vegetative state of shock and awe at how they were able to turn skippable Human After All tracks (i.e. Steam Machine, Television Rules the Nation, etc.) into sheer spun gold. They seem to have set a new bar for themselves musically, lets just hope their next LP can surpass it.",0,0,"Jan 15, 2008"
9,"It appears I missed the party of the year, a welcome return to form. How did they get those bloody awful Human After All tracks to suddenly sound so good?",0,0,"Jan 29, 2008"
10,"I never hand out 10s. But, this album is an exception simply because of the amazing energy and pure vivid sound that is emitted, in one of the best live albums of all time. I don't particularly dig live albums however. To me, most are not balanced in crispness and energy along with enthusiasm from the spectators. This album is a perfect portrayal of daft punk's house party atmosphere, and it actually sounds damn good with few tracks that drawl out. Highly recommended for fans and still a fun album for first-timers.",0,0,"Feb 28, 2008"
10,"This is the best release bar none by Daft Punk. Complete with new material and an encore, nothing is more exciting and fresh than the Alive 2007 set. The electronic duo continue to set a new standard for electronic music.",0,0,"Mar  7, 2008"
10,"This cd will make you wish you went and saw Daft Punk at one of their Alive! shows. But if, like me you went and spent the entire time dancing sweating and getting high of energy then this cd will take you right back there.",0,0,"Mar  7, 2008"
9,"Scintillating, stunning, smoldering. The 'critics' gave Discovery a '73' on this site. Let that sink in for a moment. Discovery. Rated lower. Than the latest 'shaggy' record. Okay, now that we have thoroughly discredited anyone 'credentialed' in true Dadaist fashion, let's just consider the source and acknowledge that this group is amazing and this album belongs with the best in their oeuvre.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2007"
9,"I'm really not a big fan of live albums, but this one is damn good. A must-own for Daft Punk fans.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2007"
9,"With the exception of too much 'Touch It/Technologic' towards the beginning, this is one of the more interesting live albums I've heard. It makes tracks from Human After All sound 10 times better. The bonus CD encore mashup might be worth it on its own. It's a different style entirely than Alive 1997, but it's hard to say which is actually better. Daft fans will undeniably love this.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2007"
10,"The best show in the world, the best live cd in the world.",0,0,"Dec 27, 2007"
10,"Amazing. I can't believe they realized such a perfect mix of all their most fantastic songs, and all seems perfectly natural and spontaneous. Just listen to 'Da Funk/ Daftendirekt' mix to understand. Greatest album made by them of course. Over and over better.",0,0,"Nov 20, 2011"
9,"Alive 2007 can be best described as a remastering and a re-invigoration of Daft Punk's earlier works. This doesn't make it bad however. This live project remixes the weak points from Human After All with Daft Punk's earlier works seamlessly.The result is an amazing performance that ranks as one of the most exciting I have ever heard.This performance truly is a treat to listen to, I highly recommend it.",0,0,"Apr  9, 2012"
10,"Oh Yeah! It was too long since their 1997 daftendirktour, but they've been alive around the world one more time! What a dicovery this album was to me, it just washed my brain. My teachers tell me the most fresh musique is rock n roll, but the rock from these robots is harder, better, faster and stronger than any other artist!",0,0,"May 18, 2012"
10,"Obviously anyone that disagrees with Daft Punk hasn't  lived long or should",0,0,"Aug  7, 2012"
10,"This really makes me wish I could hear them live. It is a incredible experience to feel the great live rhythm of their songs. It impresses me how Daft Punk can make such a work. Flawless.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2013"
10,"This album remains my most played album ever, with over 3000 plays.  Each and every track clearly shows the amount of precision, effort, and confidence put in by Daft Punk  and the result is surreal.",0,0,"Jul 27, 2013"
10,"I haven't scored many albums a 10 out of 10 yet until now. It's one of the most essential music collections in electronic dance music (EDM if you will) and one of the most visually stunning, conceptually inspiring and innovative live events in music altogether. It'd be equivalent to committing a sin to not recognize Alive 2007 as a masterpiece. It's biggest achievement and treasure -- aside from actually making their 2005 'dud' Human After All feel at home in our hearts after all -- has to be the remixes of 'Around the World / Harder Better Faster Stronger', which has alone inspired the careers of electronic musicians such as deadmau5 (not solely, but a prime majority of it). Although not technically 'perfect' by any means, all music has minor flaws -- so do humans and even robots. Perfect scores should be awarded to dedicated pieces of music, concerts, or in this case, altogether, and Alive 2007 is just that. It's not an exaggeration when calling it essential to EDM.",0,0,"Feb  8, 2014"
9,"A perfectly executed mash-up of all of the best songs we know and love from the most iconic electronic duo, Daft Punk. This is probably the best live album ever.",0,0,"Jul 21, 2013"
9,"One of the most impressive live shows I've ever heard. Sonically, it really sounds like it could have been recorded in-studio with the crowd added in post-production. And that's absolutely incredible.",0,0,"Sep 24, 2015"
10,"The best live dance albums that I have ever listened to. I think the biggest achievement of this album is the revival of some of the headache-inducing tracks on Human After All.",0,0,"Jan  7, 2015"
9,"Daft Punk is a duo of two French electronic musicians who pioneered  the house and electronica genres in the 90s and early 2000s. Their originality and boldness is what drove them to success with a couple of their earliest albums, Homework and Discovery. The success of these albums fueled the creation of their reiteration album in 2007.
Their album, Alive 2007, is an impeccable and nostalgic rendition of a collection of live assembled mash-ups of their best songs that we have all come to know and love. This album demonstrates Daft Punk's capability to flawlessly blend their earlier classics into 13 independent tracks. The build up to their previous hit, Technologic, used in the 2nd track in the album, Touch it/Technologic, perfectly sells the nostalgic feel into the heart of the listeners. The infusion of their hits, Around the World and Harder Better Faster Stronger, started with the blood pumping beat from Around the World and excellently transitioned into their tune, Harder Better Faster Stronger, while maintaining a consistent beat. In conclusion, Daft Punk's album, Alive 2007 is a wonder full combination of classic Daft Punk's classics along with their ability to mix songs live, on the spot.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2015"
9,"Excellent mix of their old work, and probably one of the best live albums out there. And the visuals make it so much better. Let's hope Daft Punk does another live in 2017, but I guess they have to make another album before that.",0,0,"May 26, 2016"
9,"9.0
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz",0,0,"Aug  9, 2016"
10,"One of the best albums of 2007. I've never much cared for Britney Spears and her 'Music' but this album has proven me wrong. Even if she didn't write most of the tracks (A smart business woman knows when to start and better yet stop). This killer dance album floored me. It will definitely be remembered years from now, for having some of the best dance tracks of the last decade.",1,1,"Jan 20, 2008"
10,"Great album. Britney is back. Gimme More is hot. Piece of me the video is awesome!",1,1,"Dec 23, 2007"
10,"Surprising! I'm really amazed because this album is very electronic-pop and I'm loving it! I also love the personal lyrics althoguh she did not penned them nevertheless this is a bold move for more!",1,1,"Oct 30, 2007"
10,"I had to give a 10 'cause since I got the album I can't stop listening to it, I know her life's been a trouble and that she's going through a lot of things related to her kids, the way she drinks and if she's on drugs.. but the album is really good...is electropop mixed with r&b and brit did a great job, that's the reason why she sold a lot albums around the world. She is one the best sellers ever! at least in the USA. I just hope that everything is gonna be better and that she will realize that the night life and the drugs are not the best! I just hope that one day she will return to music and will do it great as she's done it before! that's why we love you Brit! get well soon!",1,1,"Feb  9, 2008"
10,"I thought it really expressed how she felt. Piece of me and Why should I be sad are awesome.",1,1,"Nov  5, 2007"
10,"Best Britney Album ever!!!",1,1,"Oct 30, 2007"
8,"Absolutely her best. Hands down the years biggest surprise.",1,1,"Oct 30, 2007"
10,"You could stick on this album at a party and dance all the way through. It is just full of songs you wanna shake to!",1,1,"Apr 25, 2009"
10,"Despite it all.. Britney delivers one of the most greatest dance albums in history!... This will set the clubs on firee!",1,1,"Nov 17, 2007"
9,"Don't know what those losers who gave her a low score are listening to, this album rocks! You go girl",1,1,"Nov  2, 2007"
10,"its Blackout !! the Best album of 2007 And Britney Best Work to Date no one can come close to this album it was Perfect and i still play this album to this day such a classic album 100100.",1,1,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"The best her album ever!!",7,8,"Dec  4, 2009"
10,"A famous magazine considers this the fourth best album of the decade 2000-2009. It was recorded in & out of the rehab and you can actually hear that Britney wasn't in the best conditions to record, but she still made the best comeback & amazing dance tracks. 'Freakshow' features elements of dubstep, too.",5,6,"Sep 10, 2011"
10,"Only time would be able to tell how much this would become the decade-to-come's most influential album. Considering what Britney did before and what she has done after this, Blackout certainly puts itself apart from her other productions, for only one reason: its darkness. Different from the easy-going, glowing 'Circus', Blackout has deeper tracks with melodies that are catchy and yet continue to have quality. Certainly influenced by a dark/struggle period in her life, Britney was able to create (since she is the executive producer of it) a cohesive and creative album. 'Gimme More', 'Freakshow', 'Piece of Me' and 'Heaven on Earth' are amazing. Incredible work.",2,3,"Sep 23, 2012"
10,"Ok I'm looking at Britney's past albums to see how people reviewed them and I'm really confused. People are giving Femme Fatale great reviews, but Blackout has almost 50 negative reviews? That's just not right. I'll keep this short. Blackout forever changed the playing field for pop music. I can play it from start to finish without skipping a single song. This is the Britney that I love. Ahead of its time, but it's a uniquely Britney album. It's Britney, ****",1,2,"Mar 29, 2011"
5,"I never liked her but this album is her best by far. Catchy chorus and beat. Of course after you have to consider she probably didn't write a single word or contribute in any way to this album but after all it's Britney Spears.",1,2,"Jun 12, 2011"
5,"A somethat surprising album that delivers more than you might actually expected, with loud, sexy, electronica beats as well as some Timbaland style corkers thrown into the mix you can't help but like this album for what it is, pop music. But that's all this album is, it offers little else, nothing that pushes the boat out, nothing overly memorable and sadly the only things that have been pushed to their limits is auto tuning and backing vocalists (Robyn for example), which i'm aware is used with most artists, but at some point a limit should be reached.",1,2,"Aug  7, 2011"
1,"His worst album for sure, processed voice, songs stressful, sickening beats, the only good song of this album may be 'Break the Ice'. There's a lot of poor songs in this record.",1,2,"Jul 14, 2012"
10,"best Britney album so far, followed by Femme Fatale and then Circus. Blackout is so sick, deep, new, I love it. congratulations to producers! Still waiting for something like this again from Britney",1,2,"Nov 21, 2013"
9,"Britney at her best.
I love this album. Not a single track in Blackout disappoints me. She got there first before everyone else jumped on the electro-dance wagon in 2011. Futuristic, sexy, under-rated.
My album of 2007.",1,2,"Dec 24, 2012"
10,"best album ever best album ever best album ever best album ever best album ever best album ever best album ever best album ever best album ever best album ever best album ever best album ever",1,2,"Dec 10, 2013"
3,"This album is grossly overrated. It sounds like everything Timbaland and co. were doing around the same time, only much, much worse. Generic beats, shallow lyrics, poor vocals... this is one you'll want to pass on.",2,5,"Oct 28, 2011"
3,"This album will sway neither the faithful nor the unbelievers from their positions along the borders of her stalled momentum.",2,6,"Feb 24, 2012"
10,"Blackout, considerado o melhor lbum de Britney pela maioria dos fs,  sim, o melhor lbum dela, e talvez um dos melhores lbuns pop da dcada de 2000.  um CD que revolucionou a msica pop, principalmente a faixa 'Freakshow', que 'inventou' o dubstep, e se ele no existisse, a msica pop no seria como ela  hoje. Todas as faixas so boas, no tem como escolher uma melhor.",1,4,"Sep  6, 2014"
0,"This is horrible. I can't listen to this. I don't want to dance to this. I won't.",0,3,"Nov  5, 2007"
1,"Well, it could be worse.",0,3,"Nov  3, 2007"
1,"Consistently a good album but how could one say this merits a 10?? or even a 9, 8, 7?? I laugh at those who hail this as her best cd ever! None of her albums are worthy of critical acclaim nor of contimplation of merit. Why do we even care to vote or review such albums as BLACKOUT. Spears is the epitome of what's wrong in music now-days.. She had only one thing going for her in the past, her dance moves.. All she does is lip-sync and hardly does anything worth praising, musically. She is as lame and lifeless as a plastic barbie doll except barbie is easier on the eyes. Now that she cant even dance-lyp-sync in her performance (mtv vmas 07) she is nothing! Her handlers-producers are the only ones we should be merriting on BLACKOUT.. i give the production an 8.. however britneys lifeless robotic chants bring this album to a non-reputable place, unworthy of her possession.. Its sad really to think that this lady here gets money from these lost gay men and lost little teenage girls who know nothing better then to listen to this iconic repression of real talent, Ms. Spears.. aka no talent, period!",0,2,"Nov  6, 2007"
1,"I might give the producers a 3 or 4, but I can't give Britney that, because she did not contribute to this 'work' that holds her name. If it takes processed computer voice effects to hide your lack of talent, and you have to hire a team of people write the songs, a team of people to choose from the songs you didn't contribute to, and along the way tick off your writers by not returning thier calls, and otherwise blunder your way through what is really not even your own album, you probably deserve a 0. Hopefully the end of her.",0,1,"Oct 31, 2007"
0,"This is a horrible album. The sad part is, Britney had very little involvement in the project at all. It is scary tot think how bad this album would be if she actualy attempted to write and produce the entire album.",0,2,"Oct 31, 2007"
4,"Britney can't sing, and the lyrics are mostly lame. Some pretty good production is what keeps this album from being a complete disaster.",0,1,"Oct 31, 2007"
2,"um, it's Britney Spears...she's been a complete joke for years.",0,1,"Nov  1, 2007"
0,"This Album Simply Sucks",0,1,"Nov  1, 2007"
2,"Praise for this album centers on how great the dance tracks are, once again proving that many critics have a generally poor knowledge of the dance music scene. Everything on this album has been done better elsewhere--sometimes even with the help of the very same producers--on dance albums in the last two years.",0,1,"Nov 10, 2007"
0,"I shudder to think that people actually like this trash. It's a perfect example of Ms. Spears herself. Trashy, cheap, noisy and useless. The only song worth dancing to is Gimme More. The rest of the album is shockingly bad and prooves that her air head fans will buy anything with her name on it. The whole album conjures up images if a fithy, dive of a bar where you will end up with an STD when you wake up the next day.",0,1,"Nov 13, 2007"
3,"I really wanted this album to be good, really I did. But this is BEYOND bad. There is only about two songs on it that are good. Her vocals are horrible, and the whole album is wayyyy over-produced. Once again, she had a chance to make a comeback, prove something, but sadly she let everyone down.....again.",0,2,"Nov  1, 2007"
0,"Its just sad, it is a true statement on the current condition of the music industry. A record can be sold not on the merrit of its music but rather on how much tabloid covers the artist (if you can even call her that) is on. The reason people have bought this album is curriosity and nothing more, there is no depth to her music. Spears is a dinasuar and a hold over from the 90's who unlike many of her contemporaries is unable to evolve with the times and change her imiage as well as her musical style to show any maturity or creativty. THose people who bought her music years ago have grown up, so why cant she? Many pop artist have been able to change and evolve with the times and still stay relevent and poplular while showing great depth, but it seems that spears (or should i say the people who controle her or tell her what to do) wish not to take a risk and stick to the same formula she used when she was 17 (Low browl radio friendly sexuality that boarders more on cheap back alley prositition then it does on true sex appeal, easy to digest none complicated dance beats, and simple verse chorus verse song structure, all in a simple 4 minute or less radio format) The use of auto tuner on this record is sickening, it just goes to show how many in the music industry use the studio not as a tool to enhance the artist and the music but as a crutch to support them and hide their all to evident flaws. This is all to visible in her inability to perform her own music on stage (let alone fake it) Since when was it more important to dance then sing in the context of populat music? Is her music that shallow that people go to the shows to see crappy dancing (if she was a good dancer she wouldnt need coreographers to tell her every sigle move to make on stage) rather then listen to the music. She is nothing but a little doll that record exucutives hope to wind up and play so they can try to save their failing industry. The 90's are over and so is this farce that has been sold to us as something resemballing talent. Spears needs to stick to what she is good at, being tabloid fauder",0,1,"Nov  1, 2007"
0,"are you kidding? people think that this is her greatest album ever?!! do not waste your money on this trash, and i'm not talking about her personal life. the music is boring, monotonous, stupid and annoying. britney fans should go back and listen to her other cds, when she was in control of her life, and tell the difference.",0,1,"Nov  1, 2007"
0,"Its just sad, it is a true statement on the current condition of the music industry. A record can be sold not on the merrit of its music but rather on how much tabloid covers the artist (if you can even call her that) is on. The reason people have bought this album is curriosity and nothing more, there is no depth to her music. Spears is a dinasuar and a hold over from the 90's who unlike many of her contemporaries is unable to evolve with the times and change her imiage as well as her musical style to show any maturity or creativty. THose people who bought her music years ago have grown up, so why cant she? Many pop artist have been able to change and evolve with the times and still stay relevent and poplular while showing great depth, but it seems that spears (or should i say the people who controle her or tell her what to do) wish not to take a risk and stick to the same formula she used when she was 17 (Low browl radio friendly sexuality that boarders more on cheap back alley prositition then it does on true sex appeal, easy to digest none complicated dance beats, and simple verse chorus verse song structure, all in a simple 4 minute or less radio format) The use of auto tuner on this record is sickening, it just goes to show how many in the music industry use the studio not as a tool to enhance the artist and the music but as a crutch to support them and hide their all to evident flaws. This is all to visible in her inability to perform her own music on stage (let alone fake it) Since when was it more important to dance then sing in the context of populat music? Is her music that shallow that people go to the shows to see crappy dancing (if she was a good dancer she wouldnt need coreographers to tell her every sigle move to make on stage) rather then listen to the music. She is nothing but a little doll that record exucutives hope to wind up and play so they can try to save their failing industry. The 90's are over and so is this farce that has been sold to us as something resemballing talent. Spears needs to stick to what she is good at, being tabloid fauder",0,1,"Nov  2, 2007"
1,"Absolutely terrible.",0,1,"Nov  7, 2007"
0,"15 songs of nothing!",0,4,"Oct 30, 2007"
0,"Horrid.",0,1,"Oct 31, 2007"
5,"Very disappoint record... its not britney anymore.. its only a bunch f producers doing their thing and britneys voice on the track, sucks!!!",0,1,"Oct 30, 2007"
0,"absolute and complete garbage. Britney has no talent at all, whatever talent she USED to have evidently disinigrated into an abusive talentless alcholic partying awful mother who cant sing, cant dance and cant keep a man.If u see this cd in stores THROW IT ON THE GROUND AND STEP ON IT...you may be saving someone from 60 mins of dookey.",0,1,"Nov  1, 2007"
0,"She is a horrible human being and a rotten musical artist. Jessica Simpson has more integrity and soul!",0,1,"Nov  1, 2007"
3,"On a daily basis, it's utterly horrendous. Her voice was never her strength, and it's worse now. It gets a three because the beats are, at the very least, good enough for clubs. However, I would walk out of a club if her music is being forced into my ears.",0,1,"Oct 31, 2007"
8,"i think this is her best job, in her worst moment, gimme more (single) is powerful and had the 'it's britney B***h' that become in a unforgetting line",0,1,"Sep  5, 2010"
10,"Blackout is the pop electronic album of the decade. Its a masterpeice and its a real shame that people can't enjoy it because of the credibility that Britney seems to have nowadays.",0,2,"May 23, 2011"
8,"Britney's comeback album definitely was great but lacked some of what her previous albums had.  On 'In The Zone' Britney did a song with Madonna and it was the best.  Black out is good Standout tracks: 'Gimme More' 'Why Should I Be Sad' and 'Piece of Me'",0,1,"Sep 13, 2010"
7,"On paper, a Britney Spears album without the help of writer Max Martin is a recipe for disaster. Yet despite the absence of the Swede, and the fact that Britney was fat, barmy and bald during the lead up to this record, Blackout does not suck. In fact, to date it's the only Spears album worth listening to in its entirety. Many of the tracks have the tendency to sneak up and surprise; she sounds sexy on 'Ooh Ooh Baby' without being gross, cool on 'Gimme More' without trying too hard, and pissed off on 'Piece of Me' without caring a whole lot. Somewhat of a minor miracle!",0,1,"Mar  2, 2011"
10,"First, I found it irritating, forgettable, and boring. Different from her previous work. As I listen to it again, I realized that it is entertaining and danceable. Futuristic at its best and shows that Britney will always hire the best. So, the album is Britney's best for me.",0,1,"Jan  1, 2011"
9,"Very Solid Good Album!The Best Songs In My Opinion Are:Gimme More, Piece Of Me, Break The Ice, Freakshow, And Oooh Oooh Baby!My Favorite Song Is Get Naked (I Got A Plan)!",0,1,"Dec 23, 2011"
10,"I could list why every song on this album is just pure perfection, but it would take too long. 'Blackout' is widely regarded as the most influential pop album in recent times, and rightfully so. Absolute perfection.",0,1,"Dec  3, 2013"
10,"Spears",0,1,"May 19, 2011"
9,"So much about Britney's actual 'blackout'. This version of her public life is splendid enough to make me hug it for the rest of my musically-inclined life. Its her best album since her debut and deserves more credit. As she sang in 'Why Should I Be Sad?', 'it's time for me to move along/it's time for me to get along'. Thats the good news of promise and improvement and while she's at it, there's always Blackout to celebrate a high point in her career.",0,1,"May 23, 2011"
7,"Even if it's hardly Britney's effort, Blackout is a surprising comeback packed with cleverly produced, club-ready dance tracks that are heavily influenced by the electropop and synthpop genres ('Freakshow' has a striking dubstep influence) and about as catchy as the flu in December.",0,1,"Sep 19, 2011"
10,"This album is the best one by Britney. It signs her return to the music world. The album contains really good  dance tracks like Get Naked (I Got a Plan), Piece Of Me and Gimme More. This album has got Britney's touch. This album launched the music in a new planet: the Electro Music.",0,1,"Sep 10, 2011"
10,"'Blackout' has re-defined the pop music. Since its release, the culture hasn't been the same. One of the best albums released by Britney Spears. Be sure to check 'Heaven on Earth' and 'Freakshow' on this album.",0,1,"Sep 17, 2011"
10,"This is pop music at its best. Britney went through hard times before and during the recording of this album, but the outcome is nothing less than spectacular. Definitely one of the best albums of the 00s.",0,1,"Oct 25, 2011"
7,"Not the best album of Britney Spears had the ability to earn top marks in both the critics and admirers of the critique of pseudo-singer (not the fans, for their opinion should not be taken into account). From there we see the level of artist. No more comments.",0,1,"Mar 22, 2012"
10,"Her second best album, Heaven On Earth is epic!",0,4,"Mar 23, 2012"
9,"'Blackout' is, without a doubt, Britney's best album. It was released during the roughest time of her live, and when her image was very damaged because of her erratic behaviour (in fact, 'Blackout' is the only Britney album that hasn't reached the number 1 spot on the Billboard 200 list). However that shouldn't have affected anyone's vision of the album, and 'Blackout' is the most cohesive and meaningful album that she has ever done and, judging by her later efforts, that she will ever do. She didn't do any writing for the album (and she has never been a very productive writer), but the songs really fit her story, so she must have some good choosing skills, or very good writers working for her. The whole album is a statement, and a very effective one. It opens with 'Gimme More' and the iconic 'It's Britney, **** and is followed by 'Piece of Me', one of her best songs ever. It is really sad that her situation was so out of control that she couldn't properly promote or perform these songs, because most of them were extremely mainstream and hits waiting to happen, and not every album has that and maintains it's quality. It is ironic how Britney could deliver her best album in her worst moment, making it to be her most ignored record. Some may say that it's overrated. I don't think it is, at all. I think she couldn't give it the attention it deserved. Highlights: Get Naked (I Got a Plan), Piece of Me, Radar, Hot as Ice",0,2,"Mar 24, 2012"
10,"Without a doubt her best cd released as of 2012. An it is one the top cd's released in 07. The production is just amazing. On pretty much every track Britney sounds so invested and/or engaged. A great thing to hear, excluding In The Zone, Britney had a tendency to sound like she wasn't really connecting with songs off previous albums. On this album though she sounds like she is having fun and enjoying her time in the recording studio. The album would have sold millions had it been properly promoted and had Britney been in better health. Because at the end of the day it really is that amazing.",0,1,"Jun 29, 2012"
10,"Simply, one of the best pop albums of the millennium. Every song on that album is a masterpiece!'It's Britney **** is enough to make the album the most memorable one in history.",0,1,"May 16, 2012"
9,"Britney's Best Album (Up To 2007)
Amazing Tracks And Vocals!
Love Every Song..
90% A-",0,1,"May 29, 2012"
9,"Probably the best album that Britney Spears will ever produce. It's the only of her records that lacks a bit of the shallow and empty touch that In The Zone exceeded and Femme Fatale sums up in voice effects and over-production.",0,1,"Oct  8, 2012"
10,"the world's biggest pop star has released one of her best records. out passing her In The Zone era, Blackout takes you into a world of fame, money, sex and glamour as Britney sings hits like Gimme More featuring Danja and lovey dovey ones like Ooh Ooh Baby alongside the amazing Piece Of Me and Toy Soldier",0,1,"Nov  7, 2012"
10,"Her Best Album Up To 2007!",0,1,"Mar 24, 2013"
10,"Un album inteligente y sexy que ha logrado ser la inspiracin para muchos artistas, es una obra maestra en donde Britney se escucha relajada y donde se le puede escuchar divertida en cada track",0,1,"Jul 19, 2013"
8,"This is pretty fantastic for a Britney Spears record. Through her then personal struggles she managed to put out an original and classic dance album in which any of the tracks could be a hit single. Download: Every track except 'Hot as Ice', 'Why Should I Be Sad' and 'Get Back' (and definitely not 'Everybody' found on the deluxe edition).",0,1,"Dec  8, 2013"
10,"Baby One More Time is her best album, just because is her debut album but this is definitely her most personal album, Britney Jean is just a waste of time... This is a truly comeback.",0,1,"Dec 27, 2013"
10,"Funny thing is that Britney recorded her (by far) best album while she was at her worst. Blackout is a really nice album and has made history in many cultures. It has those beats all over, but they're by no means generic and still really dance-able today. You hit the right spot, Ms. spears!",0,1,"May 14, 2014"
10,"After a three year hiatus amid a mental breakdown, Britney Spears proved that she was still reigning pop royalty. Each track has its own unique sound, propelled by inferior production. By far her most adventurous work to date!",0,1,"Jul 27, 2014"
10,"The 2007 album, Best album of Spears.
The amazing and cool album, Gimme More, Hot As Ice and Piece Of Me are best songs of princess of pop!
Danja is so amazing, Pharell is so cool and Timbaland is so fantastic...
Britney is the only princess of pop",0,1,"Aug  2, 2014"
10,"Um grande lbum. No   toa que ele  considerado o melhor da carreira de Britney Spears e uma Bblia do Pop. Muito bem produzido e com msicas conceituais, ele, se fosse lanado hoje, seria atual. Muito bom. :)",0,1,"Sep  7, 2014"
10,"This Is a Perfect album. Yes the Gimme More is super and Piece Of Me a big hit, Radar & Break The Ice this amazing. This Perfect. Britney 4 big hit in 1 album.",0,1,"Oct 22, 2014"
10,"I think it's great! Fun and consistent. Love the album cover. The whole album has energy. Everybody lighten up.",0,0,"Nov  1, 2007"
9,"this is a very good album, fresh, pop, dance, maybe is no the best of britney but i love it",0,0,"Nov  1, 2007"
10,"Britney is back!!!!....The album gives awesome dance tracks from start to finsih......say what you will about her personal life, but let the music speak for itself......and it delivers, time and again!",0,0,"Nov  1, 2007"
8,"I was never a fan, except for the bounciness of Toxic & the pathos of Something, I never gave much thought about Ms Britney, that is, until she shaved her head. What a great show of defiance! Can you imagine Nelly Furtado or any of the top 10 female pop performers doing the same out of some bizarre emotional self-confrontation? As for the album - if you're a fan of Ladytron-Depeche Mode you'd be pleasantly surprised.",0,0,"Nov 20, 2007"
10,"Great album, Britney improved her music since In The Zone.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2007"
7,"Some of my best work y'all!",0,0,"Nov  3, 2007"
10,"This album is great. All the songs, that's right, all of them, are great. Very dance-like. I recommend it to anyone.",0,0,"Nov  6, 2007"
9,"It is her best album yet. The songs are funky and futuristic. All of the bizarre voice she uses like in Get Naked (I Got A Plan) and Freakshow work to her advantage. The dance club hits like Gimme More and Radar make this cd a huge success.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2007"
9,"I cannot believe it. No, really. I dislike Britney's music, I usually find it way too stupid. 'Blackout' is not the exception: it is probably the most stupid thing you've heard... after 'Spice up your life' perhaps. But the truth is that this piece of stupid music is amazingly funny! It's not the kinda album I'm gonna listen to over and over. But you can be sure that you can play it on a party, and it will work. Oh, and 'Hot as ice' is the biggest nonsense I've heard in my life. And I just can't help lovin' it.",0,0,"Oct 31, 2007"
10,"Awesome come back album!!!!",0,0,"Oct 31, 2007"
10,"Of Course, Britney's best work i think, all the song is modern, up-tempo and electric! a typically R&B/Pop disc :) i love it! BRITNEY B***h is back.",0,0,"Oct 30, 2007"
10,"And yes this album is fabulous.",0,0,"Oct 30, 2007"
9,"Britney's much anticipated album doesn't fail to deliver. This album is very well produced and one can't help but be caught in the hynotic and yet playful beats that Britney's crew carve out. One needs wonder whether this is just slick production or a smart plan by the former good girl now ubiquitous star credited as executive producer. A great pop dance album with many beats destined for radio and chart success.",0,0,"Oct 31, 2007"
10,"Amazing!",0,0,"Oct 30, 2007"
10,"Really... i just had to give this album a 10. its just too good. no fillers AT ALL. and my idols are tori amos and bjork. please guys.. give ratings to THIS ALBUM.. not her life or whatever that bugs you.. buy this record and enjoy.",0,0,"Jan 21, 2008"
9,"Perfectly produced and sang: Spears' voice sounds amazing on beats by Danja, Bloodshy & Avant and others. Her best album so far.",0,0,"Oct 31, 2008"
10,"Britney's best album yet.",0,0,"Jan  8, 2008"
9,"Very well done for someone so troubled. Shows that no matter how crazy you go, if you have an ear for excellent pop, that ain't gonna leave. Standouts for me are Heaven On Earth, Freakshow, Perfect Lover and the bonus track Outta This World. Every song is good in some way though, and this album sounds AMAZING if you play it blaring loud in your car during summer with the windows down. Well done Britney, now get well soon!",0,0,"Feb  1, 2008"
9,"Whilst her voice isn't very deserving of praise9lets face it the nasal sound can be giot from kindergartners!!) this album is just enjotable and for once she doesn't appeaar to be fixed at the mic her voice whether good or bad is shown. Not bad!",0,0,"Feb  5, 2008"
9,"Welcome back, Britney, we missed you! Blackout shocked me from start to finish. At first, I thought: 'Oh, crap, another comeback album.' But it's more. It's a defiant, in-your-face sucker punch to the media's gut. Full of catchy beats, unusual synth sounds, and fearlessly sexy lyrics, Blackout may just be Britney's best work yet. Piece Of Me, Gimme More, and Break The Ice are the best tracks, but Toy Soldier and Freakshow are well done, too.",0,0,"Mar 21, 2009"
10,"I absolutely LOVE every song on the album!",0,0,"Nov  1, 2007"
10,"brilliant electro pop. girl gonna WORK.",0,0,"Nov  1, 2007"
10,"her best album yet.",0,0,"Nov  1, 2007"
10,"Anyone who doesn't like this album has no business in dance music or having fun. Don't people GET IT? She is a DANCE artist. She does not make sappy love ballads & her voice isn't strong like Mariah or Celine's, yet people always belittle her because of that. If, say, Madonna or Kylie made an album like this, it would have gotten 5/5 stars everywhere. And people complaining about the overproduced vocals? Are you kidding? IT IS A DANCE ALBUM, IT IS SUPPOSE TO BE ROBOTIC AND ELECTRONIC-INFLUENCED. Have you guys ever heard of DAFT PUNK?! Each song is a classic and I must say it is becoming one of my favorite albums ever.",0,0,"Nov  1, 2007"
10,"I Love it! great album.",0,0,"Nov 10, 2007"
10,"Murphy is, efortlessly, the queen of electropop and this package of pitch-perfect gems is the living proof. Despite all the great reviews, I personally think it's never too much to remind how brilliant and glamorous this album is, in an era when new Gagas and Ke$has come out from nowhere every single day. My favourite pop album. Ever.",1,1,"Aug 21, 2011"
9,"I think this album is brilliant,",1,1,"Apr 13, 2013"
2,"Everything that's wrong with electronic music, all in one convenient package!",0,2,"Dec 11, 2007"
10,"how Ruby Blue wasn't a huge success is nothing more than Roisin being too understated and naive in her marketing approach and confounding, its a great album. the songs off this Ive heard are lovely and fun, and will be buying soon as I'm paid. Roisin is cooler than most.",0,0,"Oct 31, 2007"
9,"Fantastic!",0,0,"May 31, 2008"
8,"This album is generally crafty electro-pop, showcasing Roisin's talent both lyrically & musically. Standout tracks include 'Let Me Know', 'Overpowered, 'Cry Baby' & 'Movie Star'.",0,0,"Feb  7, 2009"
10,"Album of the year.",0,0,"Oct 30, 2007"
9,"Gorgeously Sexy and a fantastic singer to boot. A highly varied album but with 7 or 8 top notch tracks, takes me back to when dance music was fresh in the mid 90's.",0,0,"Jan 10, 2008"
9,"Nearly perfect.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2007"
8,"To appreciate her music is to watch her videos. Let Me Know is an example of simple concept with a fun, pure hook. I'm just now digging into the album and so far it's a standout.",0,0,"Jan 19, 2008"
8,"A really good pop gem. I liked Ruby Blue better but this album is almost as good even if it runs on a slightly different line. Why is Roisin Murphy still not a superstar?",0,0,"May 31, 2008"
10,"Roisin Murphy is fantastic,she has a great voice,quirky sense of style,great modern electronic classic!!come on people discover her!!",0,0,"Nov 16, 2007"
9,"Ruby Blue was excellent in that it offered gorgeous music and fun experimentation. Overpowered is excellent because Roisin has created electronic house/disco pop without sounding cold or calculated.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2007"
9,"Roisin Murphy shows her essential contribution to the sound of modern music. Filled with inventive lyrics and music, Overpowered is an highly satisfying piece of work. Perhaps less interesting than Ruby Blue, but definitely amusing, entertaining and colorful, it reminds us how Moloko was driven by a potent creator. Refreshing !",0,0,"Jan 13, 2008"
8,"Very good album! Great production , and some of the songs have the best beats of 2007 (like 'Cry Baby'). She wants to innovate, and she does, but there are moment where she has to be more simple, she gets herself confused and makes us feel confused. But I admire for how she changed her music universe, beginning her solo career with a Nu Jazz/Electronic album, 'Ruby Blue' (that was really great too); to an Electronic/Electro-pop/Dance/Pop album.",0,0,"Dec  1, 2008"
10,"Roisin Murphy's second solo album is nothing short of a masterpiece. This is the kind of work that combines all the best 'Roisin' you've ever heard - the amazing grooves of the best Moloko tunes (but in a totally original disco-meets-electronica-meets-blues-meets-new wave concoction) with Roisin's quirky solo style and a beautiful, sharp yet almost velvet-like clear voice. I have followed Roisin since the 'do you like my tight sweater' days of the mid-90s and 'Overpowered' makes you feel like this is what it's all been building up to. Nothing short of brilliant. It's difficult to pick favorite tracks, but 'You know Me better'; 'Primitive'; 'Dear Miami'; 'Cry Baby'; Scarlet Ribbons' and 'Body Language' all deserve six shining stars. Finally 'Tell Everybody'...deserves seven.... Buy. This. Album. Now.",0,0,"Nov 14, 2007"
9,"Roisin's second album is a electronic and tribal masterpiece. Moving from electronic jazz to indie dance suited her quite nicely. It is refreshing to have a dance album that feels effortless. Download: Let Me Know, Movie Star, You Know Me Better.",0,0,"Jul 13, 2016"
8,"I Created Disco is a pretty good album but this is my least favorite album from him. There's really cool sounds that come out of this album but I like hearing him sing better than most noise. Best tracks in my opinion: Acceptable in the 80's, The Girls, I Created Disco",1,1,"Jul 10, 2013"
10,"It was a time when Calvin was still a creative DJ. I won't say if it's better than Ready For The Weekend or not but it's definitely more risky than 18 Months and a lot less commercial than Motion. It was the beginning of a huge growth for Harris but I would prefer he keeps this style. The best songs from this album are: Neon Rocks, Vegas, Love For You and Love Souvenir.",0,0,"Nov 20, 2015"
10,"It is a 10 out of 10.",0,0,"Sep  6, 2007"
9,"Amazing album. For those of you looking for another 'd-d-dont stup the beat', look elsewhere. Junior Senior's style changes with each song, and the result is an impressive blend of music that is consistent throughout the CD. A must-buy for anyone who calls themselves a fan of music, IMO. The lyrics are amazing, I cant tell you whether or not this is a concept album or not, but the songs definately have a story behind them, regardless of whether or not they all link together. And the bonus EP just seals the deal, this is an amazing package any way you look at it.",0,0,"Nov 16, 2007"
10,"Wow. One of my favorite albums of 2005 finally gets released here. Well, it's about time. This album is one great pop song after another and a lot of fun.",0,0,"Aug 13, 2007"
10,"Just pop blis. Everybody should get with this and DANCE!",0,0,"Aug 14, 2007"
10,"Great party record. Solid and fun all the way. Make sure to get the version with the extra bonus ep!",0,0,"Aug 16, 2007"
4,"Wow! This is so flamboyantly terrible. If you have the opportunity to remove Barney's sing along from your player, take the opportunity to listen to Junior Senior. While the beats are not bad, they certainly cater to a niche market of blind happiness and lyrical drivel.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2007"
9,"the funky presidents are back on track",0,0,"Aug 15, 2007"
9,"Verry good follow up to 2005's D-D-Don't Stop The Beat. Fans won't be deceived.",0,0,"Aug 15, 2007"
4,"Vomit Skittles onto my checkered Vans. I'll reconsider if someone slips this all sly into a party's GangStarr/Eric B DJ set. Or a nice Stetsasonic mashup.",0,0,"Aug 31, 2007"
10,"I was nearly crying when listening to the rubbishy Daft Punk's Human After All. Two years later, Justice's Cross made me smile again. There are no highlight here that can come up with Around the World or Digital love (although DVNO and Let there be Light aren't that far), but it's overall better : there's not a single weak track ! It's maybe not quite innovative, of course, but what it does, it does it very, very well. That deserves a 10 in my opinion.",3,3,"Apr  8, 2009"
10,"Sometimes derivative, sometimes exceptionally original and forward thinking, but always pretty unique and different, and better and more consistent than most music out there. It's one of my favorite electronica albums of the decade, and I'm a fan of Four Tet, Junior Boys, DIzzie Rascal, The Streets, and Caribou.",1,1,"Aug 19, 2007"
0,"Daft Punk wannabes. Absolute rubbish. I'd rather strum my pubes",0,3,"Aug 10, 2007"
4,"It's official: D.A.N.C.E. is the catchiest song of the year. If only the rest of 'Cross' were as Daft Punk-ey...",0,1,"Sep 11, 2007"
1,"After all, I don",0,6,"Aug 16, 2007"
5,"I... just don't get it. I've heard some extraordinary dance music, and this is not consistently engaging. Too many songs just don't break (most notably D.A.N.C.E. and The Party) - they bop along at mid-tempo with vaguely irritating vocals. The interesting dark grungy energy of the first two songs tapers off quickly, reappearing only occasionally, and all you're left with is a Human After All remix - and that was a horrible, horrible album.",0,2,"Jul 11, 2007"
10,"Greatest debut since Daft Punk's 'Homework'. Killer from top to bottom.",0,0,"Sep 17, 2007"
10,"Quite simply an amazing, pumping, electric album. Too bad only 3 songs have lyrics. Still, Waters of Nazerath and Newjack are sweet beats. Great album to buy.",0,0,"Oct  9, 2007"
9,"Loud, analoguey, crunchy-nut dance music. For crunchy-nuts.",0,0,"Jul 10, 2007"
10,"Entertaining. Insane. Loud. AMAZING.",0,0,"Jul 16, 2007"
10,"do the dance witk your cousins from france - fkw.",0,0,"Jul 28, 2007"
9,"Makes a nice pair with the Digitalism album, set to upset Kanye West for the second year running",0,0,"Jul  7, 2007"
8,"Damn good bangin' stuff",0,0,"Jul  7, 2007"
10,"This album transcends the line between headphones and dance floor in a way that only Justice can. Brilliant.",0,0,"Jul  8, 2007"
10,"blinkin' good stuff for a debut album!",0,0,"Jul  9, 2007"
10,"this is where rock n' roll went. find out or wander - i don't really care what happens to you.",0,0,"Aug  3, 2007"
10,"I agree, amazing samples and rhythm.",0,0,"Sep 25, 2007"
9,"Why do the French make the best (fun) dance music? I haven't been able to stop listening to this album since I brought it. It is no understatement when I say that this is one of the best dance albums this year. Much, MUCH better than 'From Here We Go Sublime'...",0,0,"Sep  6, 2007"
8,"I have to disagree with some people.. D A N C E is almost cringeworthy, however - the rest of the album is top notch.",0,0,"Feb  2, 2008"
9,"Reminds me of Jackson and his Computer Band Awesome...!",0,0,"Sep  6, 2008"
8,"While we are all waiting for a REAL come back by Daft Punk, we can enjoy this great album by Justice. Standout tracks: 'Let There Be Light', 'Stress' and 'Waters of Nazareth'.",0,0,"May 16, 2009"
10,"Even from a long time fan with just about every thing they've released - this album is incredibly surprising. Dynamic, musically complex and unpredictable and best of all, sounds nothing like their peers who do nothing but imitate them. True artistry and zeitgeist - this one will be remembered. (except maybe the song with the atrocious Uffie)",0,0,"Jul 10, 2007"
9,"Electronica makes a comeback in 2007. The breaks and the grooves are both grimy and sexy, a provocative combo that will have your muscles twitching and your head spinning in all the right ways. Now start downloading it already.",0,0,"Jul 13, 2007"
9,"Organic techno with pop-rock flavour! Surprisingly refreshing, ranks best electronic music album of the year, matching LCD SoundSystem's 'Sound of Silver'",0,0,"Jul 23, 2007"
9,"This isn't a pop album. This is a sublime musical experience.",0,0,"Jul  5, 2007"
10,"At times, this album, like so many others have said, sounds like Daft Punk. But that shouldn't be a bad thing. Other times, it's a fairly original style of dance music with hard rock influences. There are so many incredible moments in this album, especially the song 'Stress', which is a totally mind-blowing track fit for use in a horror movie or an emergency broadcast test. Aside from 'Tthhee Ppaarrttyy', which is questionable, the album is totally solid, and a must have for dance fans. One of the finest releases of 2007, and certainly the best dance release.",0,0,"Aug 16, 2007"
8,"Not a PERFECT record, but next to LCD Soundsystem's 'Sounds of Silver,' it's the best dance/electronic record of the year. The first bunch of tracks blow your mind, while others don't work quite as well. Still, it's a very solid album and should be liked by any fan of crazy electronic sounds with a dance beat.",0,0,"Aug 29, 2007"
7,"When I first heard this record, I thought to myself sarcastically, 'I wonder if the boys from Justice ever listened to any of the Daft Punk records.' True, Justice sounds remarkably like the French house pioneers, but what the duo lacks in vision they make up for in a absolutely solid dance record. Organic and rock-ready, the record is worthy of most of the praise it has received (albeit a touch overrated).",0,0,"Sep 12, 2007"
8,"The renaissance of dance is here! What better an album then Cross to put you in the mood to dance. And who better then this duo to put the romance back into of electronic. It's like finding a new boyfriend and he likes to d.a.n.c.e. to the b.e.a.t",0,0,"Sep 24, 2007"
10,"Think the most beautiful album i got. it's always running on my hi fi at home,on my ipod, on my car, even if it was released one year ago!",0,0,"Nov  6, 2008"
10,"An album with the ability to turn people from electro-haters to electro-lovers.",0,0,"Oct 19, 2008"
10,"This is by far the best and most creative album of 2007. With both raw power and intense beats, this makes for a great play at a club, a superb album to listen to at home, and I would absolutely LOVE to see this in a film someday.",0,0,"Aug 24, 2008"
10,"Best album of any genre last year (and this year, compared to the truckload of FAIL and AIDS that got dumped on the public this year).",0,0,"Sep 14, 2008"
7,"Very fun. At first. After a while it gets VERY OLD, just like Daft Punk.",0,0,"Jul 21, 2007"
8,"Like so many of these other 'user reviewers', my cd collection isn't chocabloc with many techno/house albums but I'm not going to compare every single new dance act I like to Daft Punk. I'm better than that. 'Cross' however is like a mix between the best bits of Idealism (don't Digitalism sound like Daft Punk?) and Mylo's Destroy Rock & Roll (which sounds like Discovery at times). Another album which will fit nicely into the 'indie-nu-rave-sounds like Daft Punk' tastes of many of todays hippty hop kids. Not a bad thing...",0,0,"Jul 24, 2007"
7,"Obviously inspired by Daft Punk's and other French producers' production style, this is a dance record dressed up in black and white striped shirts and tight jeans so that Indie kids needn't falter their image and admit they like dance music. Some amazing grinding beats and synths with a few irresistable hooks, but certainly not the revolutionary genre-busting album the blogs have been promoting. Unfortunately Justice's signature sound does not to well to round out an entire album of diverse material and multiple listens of this entire album may be an exercise in endurance once your adrenaline spikes levels off midway.",0,0,"Aug 13, 2007"
10,"Will anyone ever stop comparing Justice to Daft Punk? They are two different acts with two different styles. The only thing they have in common is that they are French. Regardless, Cross is my favorite album of 2007, hands down.",0,0,"Jan 12, 2008"
10,"One of the greatest Electronic albums in the last decade, Justice knows how make a dance album, and they do it well. Blaring hits such as 'Waters of Nazareth' and 'DVNO' are but a few among the truly epic songs on the album. My advice, 'Go Buy This Album!'",0,0,"Oct 16, 2008"
8,"Harder, Faster, Stronger than Daft will ever be, however I can see the simularities. This is the album you love at first listen and only gets better. Very Impressive.",0,0,"Mar 26, 2008"
8,"While brief, this record is a great combination of dance beats and overdriving crunch with catchy melodies and Soulwax-like electronica tricks.",0,0,"Jan 23, 2009"
7,"Theyre not totally different to Daft Punk. Theyre not building the reborn of dance music. Theyre not getting back again the rave and disco culture. Theyre sound a little bit original but not too much. Theyre feeling to me overrated: oh, yeah.",0,0,"Nov 27, 2007"
8,"Almost top of the class, not quite as good as daft punk but not far off. a sexy and fun album.",0,0,"Dec 29, 2007"
10,"I've been waiting for a dance album this good for years. Not since Homework or Metro Area have I been so jaw-droppingly astounded by the quality of not only the production on the tracks, but the actual tunes themselves. The quality does drop slightly the further you progress through Cross, but it starts at such a high level that this is inevitable. If you love quality dance or electronica and you don't have this album, then stop reading this sentence and....",0,0,"Mar 22, 2011"
10,"Well... this caught me by suprise. Everyone compares this to Daft Punk, but -here's the shocker- it's not. Every song has it's own feel. The highlights of course are Genesis, D.A.N.C.E., Waters of Nazareth and my favorite, Stress. Every time I listen to each song, I notice new sound I never heard before. A masterful album, hats off to Justice, I'm still in awe.",0,0,"Oct 31, 2010"
8,"Very original tracks, one of the bests actual electronic albums, mix of dance, pop, rock and other alternative features makes this album unique and different, and that's very good.",0,0,"Mar  9, 2013"
8,"It's one bass booming, riff jamming, beat dropping house album. Irreverently entertaining compared to Daft Punk, and will put thee under a spell that makes the feet move and one's head bobbing.",0,0,"May 21, 2013"
9,"I don't really see why people keep comparing Justice to Daft Punk. They both totally have unique sounds. That being said, this album is, in my opinion, one of the best electronic albums of the last decade. I was getting tired of the endless flow of  house music on the radio, and i almost thought that there was never going to be an artist as good as daft punk, patrick alavi or even deadmau5. That was before i discovered this album.
It starts off with a dark, grungy sound on the epic opener ''genesis''. If you don't like this sound, you might as well just stop listening already. What comes afterwards is, in my opinion, sort of a roadblock. ''Let there be light'' starts with promising drums, but sticks to the simple four-chord melody for basically the rest of the song. Luckily, the good things keep going on afterwards, with the extremely catchy ''D.A.N.C.E'', the professionally sampled ''Newjack' and, the highlights of the album, ''Phantom'' and ''Phantom pt. 2''. These songs are the album in a nutshell: grungy, distorted, dark, but melodic at the same time. The 6 songs that come afterwards are awesome, good, or in the worst case, ''not that good''. They never completely disappoint though. The album ends with ''one minute to midnight'', which kind of sounds like rock music, just like ''stress''.
If you are a fan of a dark, raw sound you might just love this album. If you like a lighter sound, just stick to the  radio-house, for  sake.
Great songs: Genesis, D.A.N.C.E, Phantom, Phantom pt. 2, Stress, One minute to midnight.
Less-great songs: Let there be light, Ttthhheee pppaaarrrtttyyy, DVNO",0,0,"Jul 30, 2013"
9,"Justice stick out like a sore thumb when it comes to electro. They use all of the tried and true formulas to making a dance hit, yet it never, ever sounds uncreative or generic. This album is very distinct, as the use of a loud and gritty synth is used on nearly all the tracks (D.A.N.C.E being the only one without it) sometimes it is used in short stabs (Stress) and sometimes it is used as the lead of the track (Genesis, Phantom pt.1, Waters of Nazareth) This is great because now Justice have a very handy factor; a signature sound. The most Justice-y tracks (Waters of Nazareth, Phantom part 1 and 2, Genesis) are by far the best, with the vocal tracks DVNO and D.A.N.C.E. being radio and dancefloor friendly. (Save for Uffie's terrible contribution on Tthhee Ppaarrttyy which would have been better as an instrumental).",0,0,"Sep  6, 2013"
10,"Hilary really changed it up for this album.  Songs like 'Stranger' 'With Love' Play With Fire' and 'Between You and I' have Hilary's pop roots, but songs like 'Gypsy Woman', 'DIgnity' and ' Burned' have a darker side of Hilary that no one's ever really seen.  I applaud this album because Hilary sounds more original and less like the bubble gum pop artists of this generation",4,4,"Nov  8, 2010"
0,"A vapid, meaningless, inherently superficial piece of Disney trash. The 'music' is laughable, formulaic techno-dance pop bullshit. Yet another anorexic bimbo with a recording contract. And no, she does not write her own material. The worst kind of garbage imaginable.",0,1,"Apr 14, 2007"
10,"big fan 's idea",0,0,"Apr 20, 2007"
8,"This is basicly Hilary's best item up to date compare to all her previous attempt which might be all bubble-gum and sugar pop. This probably quite bubbly, but actually it's a totally nice attempt to alter her pop sound to electronic-pop. I can feel confidence in how she manage her music, but not on her voice; probably she's trying to hard to be poised and elegant. Her voice turned out weak. Dignity must be a HIT when she released her next single 'Stranger'. She should release 'Gypsy Woman' as her 4th single, because it is the HOTTEST track on the album. This can be identified as Britney's TOXIC!!! Well, this song is Hilary's TOXIC 'Gypsy Woman' I'd be waiting for your next album",0,0,"May 20, 2007"
9,"This is the best hilary duff cd ever, although its not more rock than her last album, but its still amazing, for those of you who said she sucked, at least she worked hard and contributed so much time making a freakin album, imagine how long it takes to make ONE song.",0,0,"Jul  2, 2007"
1,"It's meaningless and simply annoying. Duff doesn't depend on her own talent and tries to define herself as something else. Such a bad effort and a waste of time.",0,0,"Mar  4, 2008"
9,"I think dignity is very good...maybe the best album of hilary duff...is very professional and cool,and the musics talk to me =) i wish u like too^^",0,0,"Apr 13, 2007"
10,"i htink this is her best album to date, this shud be rated at least an a, for effort and result...the new genre she explored wors for her..but she needs to create much more catchier tunes so people would remember her..but i think 'with love' has just done that for her...love hilary to the core",0,0,"Apr 16, 2007"
0,"See Paris Hilton, circa 2006. P.S. Some of you idiots need a spell check.",0,0,"Apr 19, 2007"
9,"Unbelievable, only one truly weak song (Between Me and You). And to 'Nick C', she co-wrote all but one track on the album.",0,0,"Apr 22, 2007"
2,"omg! this album is horrible! it's boring and lame. just when i thought she couldn't get worst she came out with this.",0,0,"May 22, 2007"
10,"This CD is full of dancey and energetic tracks that it is almost impossible to sit still while listening to it. Overall, this CD calls for repeated playing at full blast!",0,0,"Jun 13, 2007"
10,"This album is fantastic. Hilary's new sound is great and she is definately growing as an artist. She deserves to do well and this album really relects her hard work. The tracks are dancy and the lyrics and really meaningful.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2007"
10,"She freakin' rox y'all sox off. You can't get no betta den Hilary Duff best belive dat Y'all. Houston Texas 4 Lyfe! Dignity eats up 2007 pop albums cept Best Damn Thing by Avril Lavigne which she is tied for. You go girlfriend",0,0,"Aug 12, 2007"
9,"great album",0,0,"Aug  9, 2007"
9,"When I bought Hilary Duff's new CD, 'Dignity' I was expecting something new and improved, and that's what I got. Her upbeat tunes are fresh, and they are fun to sing to and dance to when you're feelin' blue. I really enjoy 'Gypsy Woman', I've never heard Hilary sing something so fresh. Overall, I would have to say this is a great CD and a break from the rock tunes Hilary's been singing. I love all her CD's, and I can't wait until she comes out with a new one! Love it!",0,0,"Sep 10, 2007"
6,"I can't believe I'm saying this - it's a step up! There is still some blandness, and some songs sound like rejects from Madonna's Confessions On A Dance Floor. But there are times in the middle of the CD where she does Gwen Stefani better than Gwen.",0,0,"Apr 12, 2007"
8,"I've enjoyed Hilary Duff since her Lizzie McGuire days on Disney, and I snagged this CD from my little sister. I was shocked at what a great pop album it turned out to be, and I anticipate that this will become part of the soundtrack to my summer. Sure, it's derivative. But she stole from all the right people.",0,0,"Apr 13, 2007"
9,"i love this album!!! there is onlt one song that i don't like, but other than that it is amazing!!!!!",0,0,"Apr 14, 2007"
1,"is this what u ppl call good music?",0,0,"Apr 14, 2007"
10,"great albem",0,0,"Apr 17, 2007"
10,"Hilary Duff is back and better then ever! All the songs are creative and unique, funky sounds and outstanding vocals. Her best work yet! Well done Hilary!",0,0,"Apr 18, 2007"
10,"it's really hot!!!",0,0,"Apr 18, 2007"
10,"I love this album! It's like her best one so far! Half of these critics don't know what they're saying about it being bad. Keep up the AWESOME work, Hilary!!",0,0,"Apr 19, 2007"
10,"this is one of the best cd i've ever listen to, she's the best",0,0,"Apr 20, 2007"
9,"Wow! I didn't like hilary duff much, first... but I tried to give dignity a listen.. and it was suprisingly very good! every song is good, except no work, all play. that one is boring",0,0,"Apr 21, 2007"
10,"i love this album.....very catchy and lot more different than her previous albums",0,0,"Apr 22, 2007"
10,"Amazing...Full heart and Soul in this album!!!",0,0,"Apr 24, 2007"
9,"I was never really been a big fan of Hilary but I have to say that this CD is not bad at all. Most of the songs are quite catchy and have a decent beat. I think that this is CD is a good step in the right direction for Hilary. There is definitely a more mature sound to the lyrics and music and is in no way similar to her previous 'teeny-bopper' records at all. Absolutely worth a listen!",0,0,"Apr 26, 2007"
6,"I am a little impressed although I have been a Hilary fan forever... this cd has some good songs others.. are just unfortunatly horrible. Anyways good luck on a new album if you are thinking of it Hil! PS: my fave is Gypsy Woman",0,0,"Apr 29, 2007"
10,"i love it, Hillary is awesome",0,0,"Jun 25, 2007"
10,"I love hilary duff, very good album.",0,0,"Jul  8, 2007"
8,"A strong third time out from Hilary, she is showing that she can have adult sensibilities while retaining a level of class. However a few of the tracks on this album come off mundane and in some cases it feels like she is trying too hard to escape the musical image her ex helped her form.",0,0,"Jan 13, 2009"
10,"This Cd is just so good. She is finally trying to find her own sound instead of copying someone else's sound. Keep up the good work Hilary!!!!!",0,0,"Apr 28, 2009"
10,"the best of her i loved it",0,0,"Apr 12, 2007"
10,"The best album ever !! Hilary have done a great work !! She rocks !!",0,0,"Apr 12, 2007"
10,"This is the best album of the year !!! buy it !!!",0,0,"Apr 18, 2007"
10,"this is so her best album yeet. i loved it!",0,0,"Apr 19, 2007"
10,"It is a GREAT album, i listen to it so much, all the songs are so catchy, i recommend everyone and anyone to buy it! its awsome",0,0,"Apr 21, 2007"
10,"I love you hilary!!! Your songs are the best I've ever heard!",0,0,"Apr 22, 2007"
4,"A overrated album by far, does not deserve a 61 on metacritic. Why? Production is outdated, no catchy pop tunes, and hilary duff has abandoned her teen pop roots for dance pop. The problem, She's not edgy enough to pull off dance music and the production isn't even good for a club record. Disappointing... and by the way her lyrics really suck. An immature release from a confused individual.",0,0,"May 13, 2007"
6,"Hil's new CD was dissapointing, especially because one of her previous albums, Metamorphosis, was so good and a huge hit. I am still a big fan of hers, but I wish that she will do better in her next CD.",0,0,"May 15, 2007"
10,"I could go down on her for days.",0,0,"Jun 21, 2007"
1,"Not cool. Not good either.",0,0,"Jun 26, 2007"
8,"Instead of croons and ridiculous teen-pop-dance trash, our little Lizzie dissed the cheese and matured into a real pop star... which makes Dignity such a gem in coming-of-age pop she once shortly conquered.",0,0,"May 23, 2011"
5,"Fortunately for Duff, Dignity is glossily produced and musically and lyrically more clever than her previously Lavigne-esque albums. But unfortunately for Duff's weak vocals layered under the most generic dance beats, synths, and indie rock guitars, it ultimately results in an overall mature, but ineffective pop album. Its standout tracks, 'Stranger', 'With Love', and 'Gypsy Woman', incorporate the album's finest dance-pop influences with Duff's appropriately girl-powered lyrics. However, its weaker tracks, such as the album's title track 'Dignity' and lead single 'Play With Fire', fall between the lines of average and mediocre.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2011"
10,"This album is a indeed a masterpiece. Every track in this is **** good. 61 out of 100? Isn't even fair. These critics should go listen to it again. Dignity is their best album and I'm sure of that.",0,0,"Jan 29, 2015"
9,"Well i like it, most of it but, i think her previous albums were better in general i don`t know, its nice that she started write her songs, but i think she should not do it, better leave it to other writers",0,0,"Feb  1, 2014"
10,"Before electropop was popular, before gaga even exist, this album has been the electopop jam. Perfection from start to finish. Gypsy Woman, along with Burned, With Love, and Stranger are the highlight of the album.",0,0,"Jun 19, 2015"
2,"Just really bad",0,1,"Feb  7, 2007"
2,"Hugely disappointing. The lyrics are a mess and the music repetitive. Not worth the hype and no indication of 'nu rave' what-so-ever. Get out there and buy The Arcade Fire or Arctic Monkeys and leave trollop like this on the shelf.",0,1,"Jun  7, 2007"
8,"Have liked the Klaxons for a while now, and downloaded the four dozen songs off their myspace site. The hype has grown, and the album was never going to meet theype - but it's very good. Those who were hoping for ten versions of Golden Skans will be disappointed, but those who like their 'Atlantis To Interzone' side as well will find it rewarding.",0,0,"Mar 24, 2007"
5,"New Rave its only to sell cds!! Its not original but have some good songs!!",0,0,"Feb 10, 2007"
9,"Hype aside, this is a killer album. 'Myths' sounds like nothing else out there and althoughit may not work for some, I just can't get enough.",0,0,"Feb  3, 2007"
7,"Hits some real highs, however, not the best album to listen to all the way through. This band does have a amazing live show though",0,0,"Mar  9, 2007"
7,"No matter how many times i repeat Myths... it never manages to reach the expectations that the likes of 'Atlantis To Interzone' and 'Gravity's Rainbow' set before it.",0,0,"Feb  3, 2007"
9,"Great album best thing I have heard in along time",0,0,"Mar  1, 2007"
6,"A breath of fresh air, possibly, but it's one foul breath. An increasingly grating and boring listen, just gets irritating when you realise the whole thing's made up of one 'Golden Skans' and ten semi-decent filler tracks.",0,0,"Mar 19, 2007"
9,"Fantastic, frenetic indie-electro-pop! Klaxons are good, by no means great, but they've got enough identity stamped all over the tracks on this album to make this record something unique. The songs are diverse enough to keep the album interesting. The energy and urgency are present in all songs, and the electronica emplyed here is done with a great degree of style. There are only 2 poor tracks on the album, and i've only knocked off one mark because the rest of the album makes up for it. Its an exciting record, and can be listened to as a collection of indie songs or as beating, bleeping dancefloor fodder. Ace!",0,0,"Mar 28, 2007"
0,"Pathetic rubbish, Guardian review is spot on.",0,0,"Mar  5, 2007"
5,"Disjointed and overally diappointing...well, not worthy of all the hype leading up to it. There are some 'stand out singles', a adequate description for an album that has just a few good songs.",0,0,"Apr 10, 2007"
10,"im his dad his band are amazing :-) then i would say that wouldnt i serious heis band is seriously great",0,0,"Apr 18, 2007"
4,"What are the lyrics on about? Apart from that, this album leaves a lot to be desired. The tunes are good, but every song is the same. I got bored of it VERY quickly.",0,0,"Apr  5, 2007"
0,"Horrible. A huge disapointment, makes me lose faith in the direction music might be going.",0,0,"May  4, 2007"
10,"I was surprised by how catchy this album is. I couldn't not stop listening to it for the past 6 months or whenever it first came out! Bloody briilliant and awesome live too! (Although crowd is a bit young, but hey it's still as fun...)",0,0,"Jun 11, 2007"
5,"Several great tracks like 'Atlantis to Interzone' or 'Gravity's Rainbow', but ultimately horribly over-hyped. And actually quite boring.",0,0,"Jun  7, 2007"
9,"For me, it's the graetest album out for earley 2007. Just a fun listen!!!",0,0,"Feb 11, 2007"
6,"The best thing I can say about this album is that's it's 'ok'",0,0,"Feb 15, 2007"
8,"A nice and melodic disc that is made up of schizophrenic vocals (that are really beautiful) and nice/upbeat electro-rock. Think the Beach Boys meet New Order and you have it!",0,0,"Feb  5, 2007"
10,"FantasticK!",0,0,"Feb  7, 2007"
8,"Personally, I'm really enjoying this album. Very fun to listen to. For it's genre, I feel it's in the upper end compared to many other similar bands. The music gets you up, moving and dancing and after all, isn't that all that matters in the end? Who cares if it's the same chord progressions over and over, music shoud not be over-analyzed. Simply, enjoyed.",0,0,"Mar 10, 2007"
10,"One of the best this year.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2007"
7,"Soaring through space and time to a land of glow sticks and neons. The Klaxons have arrived",0,0,"May 14, 2007"
4,"two or three ok songs, then those monotonous, repetitive sing-songy chord structures, over and over and over again I thought I was going to have a nervous breakdown - aaaaahhhh! 'glow sticks'? 'neon' what is this? have you people ever heard real rave music (it was 90% horrible too!) this is just fashion music. clangy and irritating after track four but yeah, first few tracks ok. mercury prize!?!? nuts.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2007"
7,"I love it, a breath of fresh air to all the latest indie bands",0,0,"Mar 11, 2007"
8,"Nice surprise! Very string and innovative...",0,0,"Mar 13, 2007"
9,"The rave scene. When you think about it, you would associate it with house music and drum 'n' bass. The kind of music you'd hear blaring out of many 17 year-old adolescents' cars on a main road in a not very well known town. And then something weird happened. Rave got indie. New and young bands emerged and took indie music to the clubs. There were many pioneers of this. Late Of The Pier, for example, or Crystal Castles with their 8-bit chips at the ready. But there was no pioneer as distinctive, popular or insane as Klaxons.Now with less experienced indie-rave bands, they will make an album which will sound pretty strange and almost chaotic, but at the same time make an album that fails to capture their live sound. So all of the pressure was on Klaxons to make a pretty damn good album. And did they do it?Well 'Myths Of The Near Future' starts with 'Two Receivers', which starts with a quiet build-up of drums that then leads to a massive chorus, with indie guitars, rave synthesizers, and HUGE bass. Following it is 'Atlantis To Interzone', which is a primary example of Klaxons can do when they go absolutely mental. It's also the best ever use of a school Yamaha DJ keyboard. The clubs love it. The indie fans love it. And I love it.Then comes the song Klaxons are probably famous for, 'Golden Skans'. It's one of the most simple moments here, but still satisfies the ravers in great style. 'Totem On The Timeline' is a frantic 3-minute frenzy that's lyrics speak of meeting various historical figures in Club 1830. I.e. it's great.So too is 'As Above So Below', slower than some songs on here, but still keeps the wild party alive. Mind you, it would do, because it has a chorus the size of the cosmos it speaks of. 'Isle Of Her' is the slowest song on the album (and longest, if you don't count the 17-minute silence at the end of 'Four Horsemen Of 2012', which I'll talk about later). But is it boring? Hell no. It's as weird as the rest of the album, singing 'Cyclops gazing alone', but is strangely chilling, something which Klaxons do very well indeed.The pace picks up with the arrival of single 'Gravity's Rainbow'. It's only two-and-a-half minutes, but it fills those two-and-a-half minutes with some of the most chaotic, insane and brilliant indie music that has been gracing the whole of Klaxons' debut. 'Forgotten Works' recalls J.G Ballard's short story book, which is also called 'Myths Of The Near Future', hence the album title. But the references are surrounded in a sound that dominates the three-and-a-half minutes. It is fantastic.Then comes what is definitely the pinnacle of the album, 'Magick'. Lesson to new bands: blaring synthesizers, pummeling drums and chilling vocals makes up for one hell of a song. Take heed, songwriters. Then comes a cover of the 90s dance made famous by Grace, 'Not Over Yet', which is a song I don't like. But if you listen to the cover version, you'll be able to tell that Klaxons have transformed it into something it should have been originally - mind-blowing.It all finishes with the afore mentioned 'Four Horsemen Of 2012', which, if not for the 17-minute silence following it, would be the shortest song on the album. The song itself is the noisiest and the scariest, but is incredibly thrilling at the same time.To sum up, then, 'Myths Of The Near Future' is regularly cacophonous, often insane and sometimes terrifying. Which is everything an indie-rave album should be.DOWNLOAD: 'Two Recievers', 'Forgotten Works', 'Magick'",0,0,"Aug 24, 2010"
7,"It's got an absolutely blistering cover of 'It's Not Over Yet' and you see absolute genius in action here. Outside of that there isn't much else that grabs my attention. Yes its experimental and tried lots of new ideas out but generally it reminds me of a poorer, much less focused and much less melodic version of Bloc Party.",0,0,"Feb  8, 2013"
10,"This makes me dance! Cant wait to see them live later this month.",0,0,"Mar  6, 2007"
10,"Just superb! i eagerly awaited this album and my expectations were surpassed... nic offers (intended) a range not offered before... the music is obviously sensational and thankfully they have managed to maintan the length to their tunes - which i'm sure their adoring fans appreciate - !!! take you for a ride and inevitably the album becomes a loop one just cant stop - brilliant production too...there are samples reminiscent of the avalanches to take the final seconds of a track into a quiet spiral, guitar licks reveberating raw, basslines that take you back to the cure, and a drum beat that shatters leftism and some - this is edgy and a thirst quencher - standout tracks are 'Must be the Moon', 'A New Name' and 'Break in Case of Anything' (great to hear the out hud girls on that one)... well done lads and cant wait to see them live!!!",0,0,"Mar  2, 2007"
9,"Superb album! I have trouble getting into the song 'Sweet Life' (triggers unfortunate memories of Sublime at times), but other than that, there's not a loser in the bunch. A very pleasent surprise to jumpstart 2007.",0,0,"Mar  5, 2007"
2,"Kill the lyrics and you may have something. It seems like they've moved 'forward' in an attempt to improve their songwriting but in doing so have ended up sounding like everything else. Bring back the long jams!",0,0,"Mar  8, 2007"
8,"Frenetic and artsy in a field of recent frenetic, artsy albums; (Of Montreal, Panda Bear, -insert recent indie album here-) at the very least, you can dance to it. !!! got me grooving a little more than the others with their darker sound and vocals that, while they tend to be, well, 'chanty,' brought back memories of Shriekback. In a good away.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2007"
10,"Great n funky",0,0,"Oct 21, 2007"
9,"These songs should get some asses shaking when they play them live.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2007"
8,"Yes!Yes!Yes! Very good album. When u think u have the music sussed they throw in some surprises. Heart of Hearts, New Name and Break in Case of Anything are standout tracks, tho their stint supporting the Chillis have influenced Sweet Life mibbees?",0,0,"Mar 15, 2007"
6,"I hate comparing bands, but this time it's unavoidable. !!! and Of Montreal, both indy dance rock bands, have new cd's out, and Of Montreal is easily better. I just didn't have fun with this one. It wasn't bad, but they try way too hard, and I just can't bring myself to have repeat listens. If I ever hear it playing, I might just dash to the dance floor, but don't expect to hear it blasting from my stereo or car.",0,0,"Mar 23, 2007"
7,"Good and different",0,0,"Mar 26, 2007"
10,"Funky as hell. Great stuff.",0,0,"Apr 26, 2007"
7,"It's alright, but I think their drum machine's broken- their songs are all the same tempo",0,0,"Mar 12, 2007"
4,"Disappointing. Bad lyrics. Boring.",0,0,"Mar 14, 2007"
9,"Irresistible grooves and a more balanced attack make Myth Takes the best !!! album to date. While it may not reach the heights of songs such as 'Me And Giuliani Down by the School Yard' or 'Pardon My Freedom', Myth Takes is consistently good to great. 'Must Be the Moon' has the funkiest outro in ages. Their live show is not to be missed.",0,0,"Mar 25, 2007"
10,"I cant stop listening to this album... its just that wonderful!",0,0,"Apr 14, 2007"
10,"perfect!!!",0,0,"May 26, 2007"
8,"Myth Takes is a strange wonderful art album. It blends psychedelic rock with dance-rock so perfectly well together. The stand out track is easily 'Must Be The Moon'. Each track sounds more different than the one before it. All In All, Chk Chk Chk have crafted a strange album that blends psychedelic and punk rock perfectly. B+",0,0,"Apr  2, 2011"
8,"Funky album. Myth Takes, All My Heroes Are Weirdos, Must Be the Moon, Heart of Hearts, Yadnus, and Bend Over Beethoven were excellent songs.  deserves to be big.",0,0,"May 30, 2013"
6,"best songs: early winter, 4 in the morning, wonderful life and the sweet escape. worst song: breakin' up.",1,1,"Dec 13, 2006"
5,"This album actually isn't a particularly 'bad' album. It just has some major flaws. Highlight tracks: 'Early Winter', 'Sweet Escape', '4 in the Morning', 'Wonderful Life', 'Now That You Got It.'",0,1,"Feb 23, 2013"
10,"Wow..a lot of people saying Gwen should go back to No Doubt. Well I personally think that No Doubt suck and Gwen should stick to her far more interesting solo work - this album is pretty good.",0,0,"Jan  3, 2007"
9,"I enjoyed it a lot. True there are some *weird and horrible* songs but i love... Wind It Up Orange County Girl Yummy Don't Get it Twisted",0,0,"Jan  4, 2007"
4,"i gave it a four....because thats how many songs on this album are any good.....the rest are abismal at best.....it fell WAY short of LAMB",0,0,"Mar 30, 2007"
9,"I Absolutely LOVE Gwen's New Album. All the songs are wickedly infectious! The tunes are catchy and upbeat. I know 'The Sweet Escape' ft Akon will hit the top charts next. I love Pharrell's work too. She's got the LAMB and he's rocking the Ice Cream blend it together they got something fresh and kinda in between.",0,0,"Dec 10, 2006"
2,"Other than the sweet escape, this CD is horrible. GWEN GET BACK WITH NO DOUBT!!!",0,0,"Dec 10, 2006"
9,"I absolutely loved this album, personally I like it better than the first one which is saying alot. I find it intresting that so many people are calling her a 'wigger' when the whole album is much more pop based than hip-hop. You should listen to it in it's entirety more than once and I promise you won't be disappointed.",0,0,"Dec 22, 2006"
7,"I like most of it. I like the music and beat of breaking up but it is too monotonous for me fast becomes annoying. stand out tracks in my opinion: sweet escape, 4 in the morning, yummy. Wind it up would have been better with more mature lyrics and less rap. worst songs: dont get it twisted and orange county girl. Still, I have listend to the whole album a million times already.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2006"
0,"There's only only one White Female Rapper that pulled it off correctly. Anyone remember Tarrie B? Gwen's debacle on Wind it up was the most treacherous thing I've heard since I heard Milli Vanilli try and talk. Gwen needs to grow-up and go back to No Noubt and make some REAL music. Stop the Pop and go back to your roots... please!",0,0,"Dec  5, 2006"
9,"This album is completely amazing. Almost all the tacks are instantly memorable and catchy...and doesn't that make for a great album?? I hate these little comments about Gwen trying to catch up to Fergie....excuse me if I'm wrong but Fergie's 'London Bridge' sounds like Hollaback girl with a little more melody...and Fergie's 'Glamorous' sounds an awful lot like gwen's 'Luxurious'...if anything..Fergie's a few years behind..though both album are very good....Gwen's sound isn't for the older type of listeners..which seem to be the professional critics rating her",0,0,"Dec  5, 2006"
10,"A triumph. Yes, some of its songs are a tad sappy, but every one (besides the wretched 'Breakin' Up, but I'll ignore that) is a pleasure to listen to. 'Wind It Up,' 'Don't Get It Twisted,' and 'Yummy' are among the most fun and the funniest songs of Gwen's career, and 'The Sweet Escape' is positively brilliant. On the whole, a spectacular album.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2006"
0,"Throw one more on the pile of treasonous, unlistenable garbage from Gwen Stefani's recent years. Once one of the most compelling female figures in all of mainstream music, Gwen seems to be doing all she can to bury her personality under a thick coat of gloss and thumping beats. Wheras her voice once spoke of both power and pathos, it now falls flat on track after track, lifeless and soulless. Did Gwen homogenize herself willingly, or is she yet another victim of bad decisionmaking by her record label? Either way, on Sweet Escape, Stefani is even less than a shadow of her former self. She's a shadow of every other cloying, disposable female booty-shaker out there.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2006"
10,"This album is 1000 times better than L.A.M.B., though the first single 'wind it up' is a horrible song.. the rest of the album has amazing songs, such as Wonderful LIfe with Depecho mode,, or Early Winter with Keane... go and get it...",0,0,"Dec  5, 2006"
9,"This Album is something speacial, this breaks into her R&B side. Gwen did an awesome job. Sounds to me like the Hills still have music! ha!",0,0,"Dec  6, 2006"
1,"'the sweet escape' wins this year's 'worst comeback album' - gwen's half-assed attempt on her second solo album gives listeners the impression that she just doesn't care anymore, and her confidence in the album's success doesn't help either (in one of the song's lyrics, saying she'll get a grammy...pfft - as if). half the album makes you want to spew, tracks such as 'orange county girl', 'yummy' and the most tragic song you've ever heard, 'breaking up', in which gwen repeats every line about 5 times each. 'breaking up' reeks of a washed up singers career - i'm sorry gwen, but it looks like 'the sweet escape' listeners of the album will be wanting is your retirement...give it up",0,0,"Dec  7, 2006"
4,"I love gwen, but this album has no edge. It sounds like everything on the radio.",0,0,"Dec  7, 2006"
7,"It has its hits, and its misses. But all in all, it's a pretty decent album. Most of the best tracks are in the ballads, like 'Early Winter'. Some of the powerpop songs seem a bit forced and recycled.",0,0,"Dec  9, 2006"
10,"great album.. lamb was better but... gwen is awesome",0,0,"Jan  1, 2007"
1,"I really wish she'd get off of her solo aspirations, because honestly without the aid of her band, producers don't know what the hell real music is. And if I hear Wind It Up one more time, I'm going to snap.",0,0,"Jan 26, 2007"
9,"IF you haven bought this album i do recomend it. If you Havent listen to the album and only listend to the single wind it up. i recomend that you hear the single The Sweet Escape featuring Akon. i have heard that the single Wind it up wasnt a big big hit but it was good. Just beacuse u didnt like the first single that doesnt mean that the album is annoying",0,0,"Jan  3, 2007"
8,"it waz real gd!",0,0,"Jan  9, 2007"
3,"This album isnt as good as the first solo album from gwen, i mean, it could have been better, muchh better",0,0,"Feb  6, 2007"
3,"I never bought this cd with the intention of hearing highly sophisticated lyrics, all i really expected was some catchy tunes, much like her first solo, which i thought was amazing. however this cd mostly had lame beats, and lyrics that were so horrible that at some points it made me cringe. sorry gwen, but ya shoulda stuck with just one solo like ya said ya would.",0,0,"Mar  1, 2007"
10,"Excellent Album.Though it is not as good as the previous Gwen Stefani's previous album,But our of the 13 songs,i liked 9 of them.Excellent album.",0,0,"Mar  2, 2007"
8,"Really well done with catchy beats. But still not the best album of the world.",0,0,"Mar  5, 2007"
7,"I Rated Each Song: Wind it up - 8/10 The Sweet Escape- 9/10 Orange County Girl - 6/10 Early Winter - 6/10 Now That you Got It - 7/10 4 in the morning - 10/10 Yummy - 9/10 Fluorescent - 7/10 Breakin' Up - 7/10 Don't Get It Twisted - 6/10 U Started it - 6/10 Wonderful Life - 8/10",0,0,"May 14, 2007"
5,"Lackluster effort from Mrs. Stefani. Sounds rushed with no evident hits.",0,0,"Dec 10, 2006"
10,"This album is so catchy i loved it although there are some songs that i wasnt particularly fond of they all were sweet i hope she keeps making more cds like this their all so catchy and u cant stop singing them.",0,0,"Dec 10, 2006"
2,"I would really like to hear that she just threw this together. The idea that she spent time working on this album seem wasteful. No doubt she should return to No Doubt.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2006"
3,"What happened here? I was a big fan of Gwen in No Doubt, as well as her first solo album 'L.A.M.B.' 'The Sweet Escape' is a different story; everything from the uneven production, awful lyrics and oddly pitch corrected vocals make this escape anything but sweet. Half of the album sounds finished and somewhat fresh ('Early Winter', 'The Sweet Escape'), and the other half is perplexingly awful ('Breaking Up', 'Now That You Got It', 'Orange County Girl'). Gwen seems to be under the impression that every hip-hop-esque song she does has to follow the blueprint of Hollaback Girl with chanty, military drill like choruses ('Now That You Got It', 'Breaking Up', 'Wind It Up' all suffer from this) or have to involve Gwen talking about how great but down to earth she is. This is the sound of Gwen stepping into cringe-worthy Jenny From The Block territory. The pop structured songs work better, but Gwen's voice sounds extremely pitch corrected on the album highlight 'Early Winter', as well as 'Flouresant'. Wha't's hard to ignore is the traces of Peaches, with all the 'talk-singing' Gwen does and Kelis ('Yummy' has the exact same beat as 'Milkshake') just to name a few of familiar vibes on the album. Either way, this album is a mess, a misguided and decidedly unhip mix of hip-hop and pop, with flat song structures and production.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2006"
8,"The Sweet Escape is great. Its highs may not be as high as those on L.A.M.B. but it doesn't have as many low points as that album did. Pharrell's productions on The Sweet Escape are overshadowed by songs by Swizz Beatz, Akon, Nellee Hooper and Tony Kanal. Overall, it's a mindless fun CD.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2006"
1,"there is nothing listenable on this album. pharrell can't save this.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2006"
7,"L.A.M.B. was better, but the more you listen to Sweet Escape the more you're gonna appreciate it. Song 12 Wonderfull Life is wonderfull and Song 4 Early Winter is one of the best songs by Gwen.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2006"
3,"Gwen, darling, while I no doubt love your band, this second solo album is a hint that you have some serious inclinations toward jumping a shark tank in your near future. I mean, look at the cover photograph. Who are you trying to emulate, a female Moby? You sure don't look like Madonna, who tried - in vain - to cop some of Marilyn's heat. But at least Madonna has a set of cajones; I mean, anyone who walks down an interstate au natural is either crazy or has thicker skin than the rest of us, and also wants us to see it. This offering seems to indicate that you're running out of ideas and you're just going for weird to buy time. Are you looking for a sweet escape from the terribly boring life of the garden variety rock star, or is this your pathetic plea for help?",0,0,"Dec  5, 2006"
9,"almost as much fun as the first album! cheers to Gwen...what a funky peice of hot ass she is! :)",0,0,"Dec  5, 2006"
10,"Wow!! Gwen has done it again. She has made another decent fully-listeneable album, which is also an album which you don't feel like skipping a single track... thats a rareity these days. Love every moment of 'The Sweet Escape'. standout tracks = '4 In the Morning', 'Yummy', 'Now That You Got It', 'Breakin' Up'. What a delight it is to see Ms. Stefani back at it!!",0,0,"Dec  5, 2006"
8,"It's no L.A.M.B - but it is still a respectable album - and Fergie needs to back off on the cloning of Gwen- keep it up- and bring back No Doubt!",0,0,"Dec  6, 2006"
10,"It is a great fun follow-up .... Gwen rules",0,0,"Dec  6, 2006"
10,"This album is great, it has great songs and it can do no wrong. There's an 80's dance vibe on some songs but she does it well",0,0,"Dec  8, 2006"
9,"Most of the songs in 'The Sweet Escape' are GREAT. I mean, just great! You can find so many diversity, like the crazy beats in 'Wind It Up' and 'Yummy', the circus theme in 'Don't Get It Twisted', the reggaeton-ish 'Breakin' Up', and the CLASSIC ballads (which are the best thing off the album), '4 In The Morning' and 'Early Winter'. The problem is (and that's why Im not giving a 10 to the album), is that all the songs together in 1 album are not quite interesting. It's sort of like they were rushed and picked up randomly. Except for that, the songs are amazing! Even though I can't wait for Gwen to return to No Doubt, which should be soon!",0,0,"Dec  8, 2006"
9,"I enjoyed it very much. The track 'The Sweet Escape' is brilliant..I also love Yummy. It's a lot of fun. Gwen brings interesting music.",0,0,"Dec  8, 2006"
3,"I love Gwen, but this album is a piece of crap. Ony 'the Sweet escape' and 'Early winter' are good, rest are not worth to listen.",0,0,"Dec  9, 2006"
4,"this album is for fans only. and not necessarily fans of gwen's music, because we all are, but fans of gwen. people who may be perfectly content to sit around and think about gwen for the entire duration of the album. it's full of her personality but lacks the musical discipline that shot her to the top.",0,0,"Jan 25, 2007"
0,"This CD is going in the garbage",0,0,"Jan  5, 2007"
4,"Just isn't on par with the genuis of No Doubt. Fun for a day, gets old quick. Gwen is so forgettable.",0,0,"Jan  6, 2007"
9,"I think it is really good music, perhaps not a deep album, but it works well, here my review of every song: 1. Wind It Up.- Fun, upbeat, neptunes-production 7/10 2. The Sweet Escape.- Damn! What a great tune. Reminds me the old Gwen 10/10 3. Orange County Girl.- Love the beat 8/10 4. Early Winter.- Nice down-tempo, coulda sound better 7/10 5. Now That You Got It.- Mmmm I didn't like this song, but it's pretty catchy 6/10 6. 4 In The Morning.- What can i say?? Just a piece of art 10/10 7. Yummy.- I can almost be sure this would be a single, it's a great tune, like it was Hollaback Girl 4 L.A.M.B. 9/10 8. Fluourescent.- At first I skip this song but then it just start to grew up on me and now I really like it 8/10 9. Breakin' Up.- Nice beat, bad lyrics, too boring 5/10 10. Don't Get It Twisted.- Another outstanding song, I just can't get sick of this 10/10 11. U Started It.- Cool but something's missing 7/10 12. Wonderful Life.- The only left-over of L.A.M.B., enjoyable 8/10 Avarage: 7.9",0,0,"Jan  6, 2007"
2,"First and last tracks take a chance. (I personally love the step off into The Sound of Music.Fun. Who cares if no one else gets that?! Hope their Lederhosen chafe them.) But dear Gwen, you coulda waited a while to holla back if this is all you had to offer. I have faith that you'll climb your next musical mountain and kick ass again. love to you--you talented amazing young woman.",0,0,"Jan  9, 2007"
10,"WOW! amazing CD!",0,0,"Feb 12, 2007"
10,"This was a great album Gwen Did Great Job!",0,0,"Feb  5, 2007"
8,"I think it is a good CD. The quality and sound of her music is great and I think she gets an 8.",0,0,"Apr  8, 2007"
6,"This album is not half as bad as some say, but L.A.M.B. was a far higher quality album than this. For overall strength this one was pretty weak; some good songs, some bad. But Gwen has conceded to the 'trends' and 'raps' way too much instead of singing, which she does best. And ironically enough, the best track would have to be 'The Sweet Escape'. This is what pop should be, clean and simple. Other than that other good tracks would be Early Winter (9/10; emotional and a decent follow up to Cool, although not as good), Fluorescent (9/10; very well put together and catchy/retro), 'Wind It Up' (7.5/10; a little weird, but it's decent listen), Yummy (9/10; catchy and fun song lyrically), and Wonderful Life (9/10). But really there are some shockers on this album, like 'Orange County Girl' (3/10; horrible production values, and truly annoying), 'Now That You Got It' (4/10; not in Gwen's style at all and doesn't suit her), 'Breakin' Up' (1/10; this song is awful. Spare yourself and skip it). And the rest just aren't very strong, '4 in the Morning' (7/10; too sappy), 'Don't Get it Twisted' (5.5/10; an attempt to be quirky), and 'U Started It' (6/10; OK but nothing great). So with only five of the tracks being strong enough to comprise of a decent album, I'd only be able to say 'OK'. The others are just average or downright awful.",0,0,"May  5, 2007"
10,"love this so much!!",0,0,"Sep 15, 2007"
10,"More of a mix bag then anything, but it's a mix bag where everything is awesome. I love the different styles and stuff she's used, totally unique album",0,0,"Dec 11, 2006"
7,"if you liked L.A.M.B then you will like this one not as much but it's still good though.",0,0,"Dec 13, 2006"
10,"Excellent stuff that grows on you with more listens. It's not better than L.A.M.B but it's just as good. More cohesive, just as crazy as before, but maybe less diverse. I love the futuristic and modern feel to the music. No bad tracks here too.",0,0,"Dec 13, 2006"
2,"another brick in the wall",0,0,"Dec 17, 2006"
7,"Great CD, Got some great tracks, some good tracks and some really interesting ones. The melodies and hooks will have you back for more, and upon repeated listens the good tracks and interesting ones get better. Excellent 'straight-thru' CD",0,0,"Dec 17, 2006"
0,"oh what has happened to gwen..........i would of liked to be there when she told no doubt that she was leaving the band to pursue a carear in crap hop music.",0,0,"Dec 24, 2006"
6,"For the most part a great album, make no mistake, it's no L.A.M.B. From the lead 'Wind It up' to the title track, and 'Yummy' a dance track produced by Pharrell, and in my opinion the best song on the album is the final track 'Wonderful Life' in lieu of a 'The Real Thing'-esque light dance track. From its highest points, I beleive that 'Breakin' up' was the worst excuse for music Stefani has ever produced simulating a fake cell-phone conversation. All in all, if you're a die-hard fan, as am I, it is a great choice, otherwise, you may not like it, but it's worth a shot.",0,0,"Dec 25, 2006"
1,"horrible, produces a continous flow of drivel",0,0,"Dec 29, 2006"
10,"i love her almost as much as i love gary. i love to dress like her and sing to her music and she is really popuular at the gay bar i go to its called the dirty sattle i love her",0,0,"Dec  4, 2006"
4,"4 good song. 1 point for each: 1. wonderful life 2. early winter 3. the sweet escape 4. 4 in the morning",0,0,"Dec  4, 2006"
8,"There are a few clunkers... but the tracks Wonderful Life, Early Winter, Flourescent, and The Sweet Escape abolish any bad feelings I have toward the other songs.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2006"
5,"A confusing album, at first listen i was not sure whether i liked it or hated it. The whole album is a mess and lacks focus, but at the same time; it is what makes gwen unique and refreshing to listen to. However, I will have to say that this album does suffer from the lack of a consistent musical genre that gwen has still not chosen. She's at her best when she goes new wave pop. The album is a hit and miss throughout. The album has a weird complexity to it that requires repeated listenings. Overall, there is a depth in gwen's new album that is not often found in major pop releases, but at the same time; the album is not instantly catchy and is off the wall weird on some songs.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2006"
10,"YUMMY!",0,0,"Dec  5, 2006"
4,"Save your money! I just bought this album and was very dissapointed. I could go on but it sucked the enrgy right out of me. Sorry Gwen",0,0,"Dec  5, 2006"
6,"THE SWEET ESCAPE, Gwen Stefani's follow-up to her multiplatinum debut solo album L.A.M.B. is point blank another perfect guilty pleasure candidate. To start off, you have to have a fondness for Gwen's quirky Debbie Harry-esque lyrical indulgences and genre-switching tendencies to really appreciate this album. Without it, the majority of THE SWEET ESCAPE will just get on your nerves. That said, it's Gwen's personality that carries songs such as hit 'Wind It Up', 'Orange County Girl' and 'Breakin' Up'. If they had been recorded by someone else (such as Fergie) the songs would have been unbearable; 'Wind It Up' for example is eventually infectious and grows on you with it's Sound of Music sampling, but there are parts of the song that still remain horrid after you've learned to like it, and it's only my soft spot for Gwen that made me give the song more than one chance. Not surprisingly it's her collaborations with frequent No Doubt producer Nellee Hooper that provide the album's best tracks. 'Wonderful Life' is wonderful indeed, and the gorgeous ballad 'Early Winter' is a nearly genius song. THE SWEET ESCAPE has a different vibe from L.A.M.B. and is unfortunately less fun as well, but that doesn't mean it's not fun at all. The thing that bugs me the most when discussing these solo projects is people saying how much better her work with No Doubt was, how she 'sold out' and went pop. While her lyrical contributions to No Doubt were of a better quality most of the time, songs such as 'Makin' Out' from 2001's much overrated ROCK STEADY are just as dumb and frivolous as anything off of L.A.M.B. and THE SWEET ESCAPE. It's not like Gwen was in a band like Hole and then suddenly decided to usurp Madonna's crown. There was always this poppy side to her waiting to fully explode. What many people fail to realize is that these albums are about having fun with a musical project, not about making artistic statements-Gwen was never trying to make VESPERTINE. At 47 minutes THE SWEET ESCAPE is a breezy listen. If you let it, it just might carry you away with it's sweet oddity.",0,0,"Dec  6, 2006"
8,"ohh yess",0,0,"Dec  8, 2006"
0,"Didn't expect anything good from an album lead by a 'lady sovereign'esque pop grime beat meets yodel'-single like 'Wind It Up', and boy, how right I was. This album is a frankenstein made of pop-cultural remains, just like Ms. Stefani herself.",0,0,"Jan 23, 2007"
9,"best pop album of 2007",0,0,"Feb 17, 2007"
0,"This album is so annoying! and so is Gwen Stefani.",0,0,"Jun 18, 2007"
0,"Are your folks serious? Gwen was cool when she emulated Bjork. She was ok when she looked on Madonna for inspiration. Now on this record, she sounds like a cheap desperate wannabee hiphop ho who can neither rap nor sing.",0,0,"Dec 12, 2006"
0,"Nothing new...same ole...all of the wigga girls in the industry can sing each other's bubble gum stuff and you wouldn't miss a thing. You're 39, not 19.",0,0,"Dec 19, 2006"
8,"'Early winter' is an absolute beaute of a song - best track on the album. 'Wonderful life', '4 in the morning' and 'U started it' are good poptunes as well. She got lucky with 'Wind it up', 'The sweet escape' and 'Now that U got it'. The rest we have already heard... Gwen, a word of advice: get rid of The Neptunes and look for new talent.",0,0,"Dec 19, 2006"
2,"Gwen didn't seem to know the difference between wonderfully wacky and totally annoying. This album is awful.",0,0,"Dec 19, 2006"
10,"i dont understand d critics... n evn allmusicguide gave less den 80 when diz record shud be 100!! i agree wit Valterri, 'early winter' is a masterpiece... an emotional number, too... wind it up is an ingenious production and the sampling of 'the sound of music' is a hell of an idea -in a good way-! this rocks even better than LAMB!",0,0,"Dec 21, 2006"
8,"I Like This Album Alot! I Do Feel Like A Few Of The Songs Felt Rushed Which Effected This Album With Critic's And Fans.. But I Really Enjoyed It Alot! Gwen If Fore Sure Not Going Down Hill!",0,0,"Nov  7, 2012"
9,"The songs that  are best are The Sweet escape , Early winter , 4 in the morning , Don't get it twisted and Wonderful life The other songs  are ok and good but the worst song is breaking up which is totally stupid but  ignore that its a good album :)",0,0,"Jul 11, 2012"
8,"Just A Great Classic Album!",0,0,"Dec 23, 2012"
9,"I love it! With songs like 'Orange County Girl', 'Don't Get It Twisted', and 'Breakin' Up', what's not to love? Gwen is a much better solo singer than in No Doubt.",0,0,"Aug 14, 2013"
8,"Cementing herself as a pop staple with her debut, L.A.M.B., Stefani returns with a sophomore album that boasts as an athenaeum of marriage between zany dance-pop and classic slow-jam. Tracks such as Wind It Up, Breakin' Up, and Yummy are bizarre, jarring, and alien to the mainstream pop world. But with glistening production and perfect execution, Stefani delivers avant-garde in a time when pop was lacking such. The Sweet Escape is equally solidified by the aforementioned slow-jams. With tracks such as Fluorescent and U Started It, balancing out the upbeat circus that precedes them. In album where the product is complete, Early Winter and Wonderful Life beg to steal the show, as planets in a sky of stars.",0,0,"Aug 30, 2013"
10,"'The sweet escape' remains one of the best albums of Ms Stefani, the divergeance is incredible include all different styles but this mixture wonder is always something that stopped me in this creation, it is really great",0,0,"Aug  8, 2016"
10,"i love the cd it has sooooooooooooo many good songs that make me smile when i have bad days how in the world does she hit the high notes?",0,0,"Mar  5, 2007"
2,"I'm a big fan of Janet Jackson. I've bought all of her albums except for Dream Street (if anyone remembers that album). Some people would say that Dream Street was her low point. Janet has somehow managed to relive her Dream Street days on this release by trying to cater an audience that doesn't even realize Dream Street exists. It doesn't work.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2006"
10,"Janet i love the cd is the biznezz!!!!!!!! Love You",0,0,"Oct 23, 2006"
5,"Very average. I like about 4 songs. The rest is very bland.",0,0,"Oct  2, 2006"
10,"Janet is the ultimate... I love the CD... I see her doing at least two more videos for this CD. She's an artist and a entertainer. If you've been a fan of Janet's over the years then you'll understand this CD... and trust their will be many more to come... I love you Janet... Your biggest fan... Rep... Dallas, TX",0,0,"Oct  3, 2006"
10,"quintessential janet. i love it",0,0,"Oct  4, 2006"
10,"It is a great step up for Janet. I hope this C.D. will let America know that she is a true star and not just a nipple.",0,0,"Oct  4, 2006"
10,"I can't stop listening to this album. I love every song! I am a huge Janet Jackson fan and this album is certainly not a dissapointment. Don't listen to negative reviews. They probably haven't even heard the album, and are just trashing her because of her brother, superbowl, etc... This album is definitely worth the 9.99 and I own 6 copies. Go out and buy the album now if you haven't! Highlight tracks include 'So Excited', 'Show Me', 'Get It Out Me', 'Do It 2 Me', 'With U', 'Enjoy, and 'Take Care'. That's more than 1/2 the cd right there.",0,0,"Oct  6, 2006"
10,"Good or bad, don't trust the reviews. There are a lot of biases towards and against Janet right now. Judge this album for yourself. If you can forget about her last name, forget about her brother, forget about the darn superbowl, I can't imagine you wont at least feel it was worth the 9.99 it cost to buy. Janet delivers.",0,0,"Sep 27, 2006"
2,"Rather than rip my clothes off, this album makes me want to put a bag over my head and breathe deeply. This doesn't even seem like the same genre as No Control or Rhythm Nation, when her talent actually eclipsed that of her brother before he decided ogling little Middle Eastern boys was a worthwhile profession. It seems that she is trying way too hard to regain a sliver of cultural cache after her faux pas on national television with song titles that my kids could scratch on an Etch-A-Sketch. Leave the song misspellings to Prince and some Meta-critics, Janet.",0,0,"Sep 28, 2006"
6,"Great CD!! Much better without the interlubes, it has a better flow.",0,0,"Sep 28, 2006"
10,"a very strong album. i really love the 2nd single 'so excited' great video! back to the best that janet does...great dance numbers!",0,0,"Sep 29, 2006"
8,"the sogns that really standout are the jerry jame and terry lewis ones. the jermaine dupri produced tracks ae notvery exciting. two of his production, though,do standout. 'show me' and 'with u' are nice tracks, teh latter being one of the best tracks.",0,0,"Oct  1, 2006"
10,"I love you janet wow!!!!!",0,0,"Nov 30, 2006"
8,"Great Beats! 1st half is very funky and very dancy!! 2nd half is a bit slow for me but I think this album is definately better/more successful than Damita Jo",0,0,"Oct 15, 2006"
10,"Janet brought it with this record the production is on point the songs are timeless and JD took it to a new level make way for the return on the Queen. it's easy to see how this album will make #1. Great body of work!",0,0,"Oct  2, 2006"
4,"What ever happened to the originality that she had on her previous albums ? It's all gone, especially since Damita Jo. It's like she lost all of her inspiration that made her early music sound so much better than the rest. I think she should keep M.Dupri in the bedroom and out of the studio. What success has he had lately ?",0,0,"Oct 26, 2006"
6,"Pleasant, but with too few stand outs. Probably won't put her back on top of the R&B scene.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2006"
10,"I liked the songs after the 2nd listen, the song 'enjoy' is the one I keep going back to that wasnt produced by JD. WIth any artist your either going to love it or hate it. I love anything Janet puts out because I know she will give us some music to chew on awhile. People who comment about her in the negative sense were not fans of hers from the beginning so the talk is pure trash. Go buy this album, roll your windows down and ' enjoy!'",0,0,"Oct  5, 2006"
10,"Can't stop listening to it. Smokin!!",0,0,"Oct  8, 2006"
5,"Su peor lbum.",0,0,"Sep 27, 2006"
6,"One could consider this a comeback album for Janet Jackson, however; this album is severely flawed. Although the production is modern, there are some questionable production methods that ruin certain songs from their true potential. There are only about three good songs on the album. Still I was surprised, I didn't expect any good songs from Janet and this album is a heck of a lot better than other 'modern' R&B artist. In particular this is a lot better than the new Beyonce album on levels. Not really a good album, but definitely an above average album coming from an artist that seems to be coming out of a slump.",0,0,"Sep 28, 2006"
10,"Her best album since Velvet Rope...",0,0,"Sep 29, 2006"
0,"This album is a huge dissapointment...once again. It's been nearly a decade since Janet's put out a album worthy of putting her name on the cover. 20 Y.O. is garbage.",0,0,"Sep 29, 2006"
10,"1st listen, its okay, 2nd and 3rd you really appreciate the work that went into making this CD. My kids were like no not Janet Jackson, by the 3rd listen, they were humming and dancing to the tunes. There isn't a song I don't like. ' Enjoy' and 'Daybreak' make you feel good! Love the energy on 'Do It 2 Me' 'Get It out Me' Its a 'Feel Good' and 'Body Moving' CD - great for my workouts, and smiling when I'm walking my dogs!",0,0,"Sep 30, 2006"
9,"it good di to me the shit so excited i hot come on so get get it",0,0,"Jan 18, 2007"
8,"This is not Janet's best effort by a long shot, but it is also not her worst (Damito Jo.) The one thing that is lacking is that it feels less like a Janet Jackson record and more like a compilation of new songs that Janet just happened to like. There is very little continuity. However, many of the songs are wonderful -- it's a great collection of new Janet songs that I am really happy to listen to!",0,0,"Feb 22, 2007"
10,"Great album",0,0,"Oct 24, 2006"
9,"20 YO: A Celebration! Welcome back Janet! There is a great mix of dance, funk, and soul! 'Get It Out Me', 'This Body', 'Daybreak', 'With You' and 'Enjoy are some highlights. Worth the $14 for the CD!",0,0,"Sep 27, 2006"
10,"I just bought six copies of Janet's album cause I just can't get enough! All the songs are great and are what I expected from her, with a drop of 'ghetto'. For those of you who don't already have the album, please go buy it today, and for those of you who have, BUY ANOTHER ONE! GREAT SONGS AND BEATS!",0,0,"Sep 27, 2006"
10,"Great album. I thought it woud be horrible, but I think it's better than Maraih Carey's 'Emancipation of MIMI' and WAAY better than Beyonce 'B-Day'. Im really enjoying it!",0,0,"Sep 27, 2006"
6,"I've never heard of her before.",0,0,"Sep 28, 2006"
10,"Better than the first album by a long shot. Warmly produced with nice dark lyrics that belie the jumpy tunes, 'Ta-Dah' is one of the more twisted party records out there. Why do a lot of people cite 'Ooh' as their least favorite track, btw? I've been noticing that and don't understand at all. That song makes me wanna dance my balls off. So good.",0,0,"Oct  2, 2006"
1,"Loved their first album. This one is a dud. Only 'I Don't Feel Like Dancing' is good (one song, one star). If you like broken down pianos and and when dance bands go honky tonk, then Ta-Da is for you. I just can't believe I waited two years for this! Any one know of a Scissor Sisters replacement band?",0,0,"Sep 26, 2006"
8,"Another winner by the Sisters. It took a few listens, though, to warm up to as opposed to their debut album from 2004 which basically grabbed you by the cajones from track 1 and didn't let go. Several tracks have already burrowed a permanent home in my ear drums. As I've mentioned before, the Leo Sayer-tastic single 'I Don't Feel Like Dancin'' is a winner. That segues into my favorite track off the album: 'She's My Man' (the bastard love child of Elton John's 'All the Young Girls Love Alice,' 'I'm Still Standing,' and 'Hey Papa Legba'). If it wasn't for the 5+ minute length of the song, I'd say that it would be the pick for the next single. The two Queen-esque music hall numbers 'Intermission' and 'I Can't Decide' are two more faves from the album. 'Spot the Influence' is a game that works quite well with some of my other favorites from this album. There's the Duran Duran vibe of 'The Other Side' and the Blondie 'Call Me'-era disco rock of 'Kiss You Off.' (YAY, Ana Matronic!) The addition of a brass section to some of the new repertoire recalls the horn flourishes of the attempted dance rock on Elton John's 1985 album 'Ice on Fire'...but much more successful. The only thing that the album could have used was a big epic number like the fantastic 'Return to Oz' from their debut. It also would have been cool to have a really crunchy disco-rock number like 'Music is the Victim' from their debut album. The closest to this on the new album is 'Paul McCartney,' an awesome frenetic dance-pop number that really doesn't sound like anything Macca ever did. Overall, 'Ta-Dah' is a harder pill to swallow than its predecessor, but one you won't regret once you get it down. It's a great solid collection that proves the first album wasn't a fluke and it's one that's going to be hard to top this year.",0,0,"Sep 28, 2006"
6,"Ok its definitely not as good as the first album but its still pretty good.",0,0,"Mar 28, 2007"
9,"Sometimes you just want to put on a CD that will put you in a good mood and make you wanna dance around the house.",0,0,"Oct 11, 2006"
10,"Ta-Dah is an electrifying if somewhat lyrically pessimistic dance album. The Scissor Sisters have successfully mined and re-invented the 1970s sound for a new century. The party they dramatically kicked off with their first brilliant album is still going strong. It",0,0,"Oct  4, 2006"
10,"Following up to an enormous ride can be difficult, even with great producers/songwriters/performers coming to your aid. after a whirlwind first go round, the scissor sisters are here to ensure that Ta-Dah does command respect and even revere at the fact that even under pressure and a watchful eye, joy can still exude! Their dark lyrics upon the crazy, foot stomping music, suggest that they believe they are in fact the second coming of all things glamrock. From the Elton John piano riffs, to the David Bowie Kitsch, this album will definetly prove just what the Scissor Sisters intended.....Ta-Dah......",0,0,"Sep 25, 2006"
9,"I love this cd... Not as great as their debut ....but NOONE's ever is.",0,0,"Sep 26, 2006"
2,"I refuse to believe that I am the only person who thinks, I dont feel like dancing, is the most irritating, cheapest, awful song of 2006! I dont get it, because I liked their debut, this sounds like a karoke version of the band, its horrible!!!!!",0,0,"Jan  3, 2007"
8,"I really like this album and I'm glad I bought it. The Scissor Sisters were one of those bands where I thought: I like the first album enough to go straight out and buy the 2nd. I did, and I'm very pleased I did, even if it was just for such great songs as She's My Man and Ooh.",0,0,"Nov 14, 2006"
7,"Fun, frothy,frivolous but insubstantial would best sum up this second album. Its always difficult for any band making that second much anticipated record and by and large this succeeds. There are some good catchy songs and just the hint that there maybe a lit more depth to the sisters than what they've shown so far.It would be a shame if they fell into the trap of sticking to the same formula for future albums as a few tracks have just a hint of the melancholy and more meaningful undertones which they could have explored a little more. Thats not to say theres anything at all wrong with making fun music but you do wonder just how much more mileage is left with the scissor sisters particular brand of cheesy but fun 80's inspired music. I hope they take the shackles off for the next album. All in all a successful second album and a worthy successor to the first but you sense they could do better.",0,0,"Oct 10, 2006"
10,"Great album, sounds a lot like Bee gees but still unique. Love it",0,0,"Oct  1, 2006"
8,"This album is a glorious exaltation of how life can suck when all you do is party, and of how decadent the supposedly 'care-free' life can become. 'Ta-Dah' encapsulates the psychology of the compulsive partier to such a degree that to listen to the album makes you wonder whether you want to dance or shudder with fear. An amazing roller coaster ride of an album, you'll get sucked in and swept away by the Scissor Sisters whether you want to go or not!",0,0,"Nov  4, 2006"
10,"I love it! Like previous comments light cheerfull and something you can sing to and enjoy.",0,0,"Nov  6, 2006"
10,"I did not have the first album when I bought Ta Dah but after listening to this fantastic album I am completely hooked and the album has not left my car or my house since I bought it, it gets me jiggng from start to finish and there is not one song that I do not like. P.s I now have the first album which I love equally as much",0,0,"Oct 31, 2006"
9,"This album is so much fun, not many albums make we want to get up and dance...",0,0,"Sep 25, 2006"
5,"A disappointing album, Scissor Sisters show no improvement with their new release. In fact. they have taken a step backwards production wise with an even more retro approach. While their previous album was refreshing, hip, and sexy; they have gone overboard with the 70's feel invading both their song writing and their production. This all leads to an album that sounds like an actual album from the 70's. Rather than adding anything new to the genre they sound boring and more of an imitation of the real thing.",0,0,"Sep 26, 2006"
10,"More layered than their debut, Scissor Sisters' Ta-Dah is a welcome & unique addition to popular music. When everything on MTV sounds the same, the Sisters bitch slap the audience out of their stupor & drag 'em onto the dancefloor.",0,0,"Sep 26, 2006"
10,"What an amazing album!! Very nice!!",0,0,"Sep 28, 2006"
7,"Significantly better than their first album.",0,0,"Jan 16, 2007"
9,"It's a slick album and I don't pay too much attention to the sort of 'they're not cool enough to deserve our attention' reviews. As someone once said, 'a song is a song is a song' and I'm not impressed with how 'non commercial' a band is supposed to be, they're all in it to make a buck/pound etc.. There are some beautifully crafted songs on here and I bought the album on the basis of having heard a few from the last one and I'll definitely be going out to get that one too.. And, if it's 'better', then it just goes to show how difficult it is to follow up a great album, ask Michael Jackson, or Fleetwood Mac, but they both got over it! Rich. x",0,0,"Dec 13, 2006"
7,"The stand out track and lead single on this album, 'I Don't Feel Like Dancin', is a collaboration between Scissor Sisters and their idol Elton John. Combining disco, glam-rock/pop and gay-club influences, the Scissor Sisters were one of the biggest buzz bands in Australia in 2006, with fans loving their camp sense of fun (they had similar success in the UK). A great follow up to their self-titled debut.",0,0,"Dec 18, 2006"
9,"4 star CD from the best rock-disco band out there. If only US radio would get on the bandwagon and give them a chance.... There are several instant classics on this CD - songs that are totally original yet recall the best 70's party pop. Besides the first single 'I Don't Feel Like Dancin'', check out 'Paul McCartney' and 'Everybody Wants The Same Thing.' Scissor Sisters are astute students of rock history and it shows.",0,0,"Sep 25, 2006"
10,"first single is one of the best of the year; after a few listens of the album, you'll be completely hooked.",0,0,"Sep 25, 2006"
6,"its straight, no pun intended....",0,0,"Sep 25, 2006"
4,"Catchy, but too outdated and plastic to be enjoyable. Listen to the Bee Gees instead.",0,0,"Sep 26, 2006"
5,"Smacks more of a tribute band than the real deal. The singing is so-so and the sound is ripped off from Abba-Gees-Summer-Queen-somethin-somethin.",0,0,"Sep 26, 2006"
9,"A great album that takes an even more 70s vibe than the first. This is straight up disco with a darkly humourous undercurrent. Other than 'Ooh' which I think is a bit of a dud, this is a hopping album. 'I Can't Decide' and 'She's My Man' are the standouts.",0,0,"Sep 27, 2006"
8,"If you're expecting a retread of their first album, you'll be disappointed. It takes a few listens to click. But then, my ultimate favorite songs on their first cd weren't the ones that popped for me initially either. I have to withhold judgment on what the best songs are on this one for a month or two!",0,0,"Sep 28, 2006"
6,"This album is much messier and more dissonant than the first. The songs on the first album just fit together much better.",0,0,"Nov  8, 2006"
7,"This album makes me want to grab a popsicle and spend all afternoon dancing in the sunshine.",0,0,"Nov  3, 2006"
10,"politics+war+humor+heartache+perfect",0,0,"Aug 25, 2006"
10,"Very nice album.I happen to like every tune!!!At leest some quality in these years.Finaly the good music is returnining thorough them.",0,0,"Aug  6, 2006"
10,"These guys are among the most under rated musicians of the past twenty plus years. Well crafted music, with intelligent lyrics. What's not to like. If some of the singles off this album get some radio play, watch out, the boys could be back.",0,0,"Oct 14, 2006"
10,"Astonishing",0,0,"Jun 28, 2006"
4,"I've heard the comparisons to Very, but I personally don't think Fundamental holds up to it. The album starts off with great song that really draws me in, but it starts to lose me as the album goes on.",0,0,"Jul  6, 2006"
9,"I love the beats to the album. They are quick, hip and great to listen to anytime. Songs such as I'm with Stupid, The Sodom and Gomorrah Show and Integral are the hghlight tracks on this good achievement.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2007"
10,"Excellent album! I enjoyed their last album, Release, but this is even better than that album! It has a retro feel to it, moreso than their other albums. The PSB's have always seemed ahead of the game with their brand of electronic pop, but this is a bit of a step back. Usually, that's a bad thing, but the PSB's pull it off wonderfully here. There are a few tracks here that are obviously political and they do a great job with not beating your head with overt-political attacks. Great stuff!",0,0,"Jun 27, 2006"
8,"'Psychological', '20th Century' and 'I Made My Excuses And Left' are instant classics!",0,0,"Jun 27, 2006"
10,"Not one bad song on it!! Iput it in the player and go from start to finish without once hiting the skip on my remote!!!!!! I don't know about you guys but I have only a hand full of CDs that i can say that about!!!!!!!",0,0,"Jun 27, 2006"
5,"I don't get what all the hoopla is about. I am a lifelong PSB fan, and I think this is the weakest album they have put out in years and years. It's sad, I really wanted to like it.",0,0,"Jun 27, 2006"
5,"to hear the lp that SHOULD have been released, keep an eye out for the limited edition double cd featuring remixes by Richard X, Michael Mayer etc...PSB's obviously were not totally sold on Trevor Horn's basic production, and wanted to give more sophisticated fans somethng fresher.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2006"
7,"It's a solid album with a couple of really good songs, but it doesn't compare to Very at all. I am enjoying my time listening to it, but I don't think it'll have much longevity.",0,0,"Jul 10, 2006"
6,"lacks the romance of 'Very', no great love song like'liberation'. The Sodom and Gomorrah Show stays in my head like a bad dream. There's nothing to match 'young offender' either. Still quite good.",0,0,"Jul 12, 2006"
10,"They're Back!!! Awesome.",0,0,"Jul  6, 2006"
8,"over-the top, fun, and slightly sinister; everything a PSB album should be. Not up there with the heights of 'VERY' but very solid, with the exception of 'numb' which I skip over.",0,0,"Jul  6, 2006"
8,"Like a representative sampler of all the things they do well, this album will not so much recruit new fans as keep the ones they have. Like their whimiscal and mischevious countrymates New Order, PSB are showing their age. Unlike NO who write the occassional tremendous song among many average ones, the PSB create more consistent rewarding material, more often than not. Their ambition does not exceed their grasp where as NO usually can't be bothered. Fundamental is solid effort from start to finish and while not a Very or Behavior, it remains Essential. Being back does not apply. They never left as the album shows. They do this, or that, or mix it all together - opulent, theatrical, and a thing of beauty. As Tennat once said 'camp is not a row of tents'.",0,0,"Jul  8, 2006"
10,"Amazing, such enjoyable electro-pop with such depth. Possibily one of the most accomplished pop acts of all time.",0,0,"Aug 11, 2006"
10,"Pet Shop Boys are amazing. This latest work is no less great and fun then any of their other work over the past 2 decades (is that 3 now?) It is like a soundtrack to life. Keep it up boys!",0,0,"Oct 21, 2007"
10,"Best album of the year.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2006"
10,"Utterly brilliant and back to their best.",0,0,"Jun 26, 2006"
9,"A stunning return to form - thei Pet Shop Boys best album since 'Behaviour'? Possibly!. The tracks cover high energy electro pop, moody mid-tempo numbers and mournful ballads .. all tunes feature smart lyrics and are topped off with fantastic production by Trevor Horn.",0,0,"Jun 27, 2006"
9,"Good to hear they're back. Much, much better than the recent series lackluster albums before this.",0,0,"Jun 29, 2006"
8,"solid. I thought Release was quite a let down, and Behavior is one of my favorites. The sparks were just not flying, but with fundemental the ship has definitely been righted. Solid hooks, great melodies, some lyrics laughable, but all in all a solid effort. I'm happy to say unlike other artists that have fallen in their last efforts like the Cure for instance, PSB have restored my faith with this album and have reminded me why I loved them in the first place.",0,0,"Jul 17, 2006"
3,"okay; damnation you can dance to. I'm sure this CD is popular in hell. Bleah.",0,0,"Jul 25, 2006"
8,"Delightful, campy and endlessly entertaining.",0,0,"Aug 25, 2006"
10,"One of their best.",0,0,"Sep 25, 2006"
4,"I hate all synthpop actually but I really loved the song Minimal, it has good beats and is dreamy it's not like the other songs on this album. I don't like Pet Shop Boys but Minimal is a really awesome song.",0,0,"May 14, 2014"
10,"Fundamental is Fundamental hahahahahahahaha,
Okey this joke was a ****
But this album is Great...
The Sodom And Gomorrow Show,Integral,Indefinite Leave To Remain,Casanova In Hell,Numb and Twentieth Century,I Made My Excuses And Left,God Willing,Luna Park and I'm With Stupid Are absolute great songs of PSB Career",0,0,"Jan  6, 2016"
10,"..........................................................................Fundamental.............................................Of...............................PSB.........................................................................Is........Fundamental.................For The.............Music.................",0,0,"Apr  2, 2016"
6,"average album, echo of debut only...",0,0,"Feb 11, 2006"
10,"E6's debut spawned 2 top 10 British hits and was featured on Rolling Stones and Spin's best 2005 lists. Such reception would normally warrant a big push for the second release, but instead the label choose to not promote the album at all and choose a weak single in Radio Ga-Ga, a track Dick Valentine didn't even want on the album. Albeit these difficulties, Valentine managed to put out a solid follow-up filled with infectious hooks and clever lyrics. Do not make the mistake of others of writing of the 6 as a novelty act.",0,0,"Feb 10, 2006"
9,"This album is cranked full of amazing songs, in particular look out for: Dance-A-Thon 2005 Boy Or Girl Future Boys Be My Dark Angel.",0,0,"Feb 19, 2008"
9,"Cant top their live show, but nonetheless, this album brings the funk, fun, and good get down dance music. Wakes me up better than coffee in the morning.",0,0,"Feb 21, 2006"
6,"Fire was a near-10, but Senor Smoke just doesn't sound complete. Almost every song from Fire surprised me, even with repeated listens. But on the new one, almost every song has parts of it that sound choppy or piecemeal. A little too much synth and not enough guitar on this one either. Great lyrics as always, though.",0,0,"Apr 24, 2006"
7,"Not as good as their previous album 'Fire' but well worth the listen.",0,0,"Apr 25, 2006"
9,"Not quite as good as Fire, mainly because of 'radio ga ga' which was a condition of the albums release and was not intended to be on the album by the band. Critics that reviewed this are the worst ever.",0,0,"Jul 21, 2006"
10,"This album has some great rock songs, but the musical direction and the musicians are different from the first record; people that give a low rating do so mainly because they think all bands should stick to the same pattern over and over and over. Electric six changes on every record, and that's for the better.",0,0,"Mar  1, 2008"
8,"A new step forward for these guys. I got the British import over a year ago so I've listened to this album a lot. More thought out and fuller than their previous album. Definatley worth checking out.",0,0,"Feb 13, 2006"
10,"In 2003, The Electric Six put out an album that mocked rock while exemplifying everything that's great about it. Their follow up is more of the same. Senor Smoke features some songs from the Six's back catalog and some high quality new tracks. The label mishandled this album, the result of which was poor sales due to lack of promotion and a weak single in Radio Ga-Ga, arguably the album's weakest track. The latter, however, had no effect on the quality. Senor Smoke brings Valentine's lyrics to the forefront and the result is astounding. Fire showed only a hint of what Dick is capable of and fans will be pleased to know that a third release is scheduled for late 2006. One of the best releases of 2005 for sure.",0,0,"Feb 12, 2006"
10,"This is a solid rock album with lofty lyrics. I think that anyone that gives this album a low rating hasn't listened to it enough. Most of these reviews don't justify the rating the goes with it anyway. If the album's so bad, why give it a forty and not a zero?",0,0,"Feb 17, 2006"
9,"It's got a place in my heart this one, don't overanalyse these guys, they are here for a good time not for a long time and if you just go for the ride you can have a truckload of laughing smiling jumping good time.",0,0,"Mar 19, 2006"
9,"'Mr President, make a little money sending people you don't know to Iraq. Mr President I don't like you, you don't know who to ROCK!!'God, I love Electric Six. Their first two albums are fan-bloody-tastic. I think they upped the comic ante in this one following 'Fire', but I still marginally prefer Fire. Hilarious band that get my adrenaline pumping every time",0,0,"Nov 27, 2010"
10,"I must say that I never really paid attention to Madonna until this album. I became a fan when i heard Confessions on a Dance floor. It's great for parties and for just a person dancing in the room. For me, it's the best Madonna album to date.",7,7,"Jun 11, 2010"
10,"Yet another masterpiece from the unstoppable Madonna!",3,3,"Dec  4, 2005"
10,"The album Madonna fans have been waiting for!",3,3,"Feb  5, 2009"
10,"This album is dance music par excellence.",3,3,"Aug  1, 2009"
10,"Album Of the Year!!!",3,3,"Dec  3, 2005"
10,"This is my favourite album!!! It's simply great! Best dance album ever!!!! The sounds are incredible, the lyrics are fantastic, her voice is great!!! Love this album and love 'Hung Up' and 'Jump' my favourite songs! The album start with 'Hung Up', probably the best track. When you hear this song your body starts to dance! Then there are 'Get Together' and 'Sorry' that are really good. The CD continues with 'Future Lovers', 'I Love New York', 'Let It Will Be' and 'Forbidden Love' that are excellent dance songs!!! And then there are 'Jump' ( for me the second best track, then Hung Up ) 'How High', 'Isaac' ( great! ) 'Push' and  'Like it or not'.  All great tracks! 'Confessions' is one of Madonna greatest CDs with 'True Blue' and 'Like a Prayer'. I Love this!!!!!! ( sorry for my English )",3,3,"Mar 26, 2012"
9,"The songs are amazing! The album is best enjoyed in its entirety. And the lyrics, if paid attention to, is really good.",2,2,"Jan 11, 2008"
10,"This is the madonna i love!!!!",2,2,"Nov 16, 2005"
10,"amazing",2,2,"Nov 18, 2005"
10,"very goooooood",2,2,"Dec 20, 2005"
7,"Madonna's an artist I've discovered in the recent years. I'd heard her in Snatch's soundtrack. Also saw her older hits on TV every now and then. I found she had a very lively spirit. I don't like her much nowadays, because she acts way too much like she's meant to be treated like a royalty. True reflexion of what celebrity does to you. Except yeah, the album's solid! I found a good bunch of songs actually good to listen to, for an artist such as Madonna. Letdowns were the Americanisation song such as New York. As smart as Madonna claims to be, that song just reeked idiocy. Overall, the songs have really good melodies and Madonna shows political tolerance by using many different styles of harmonies in her songs. I think Mirwais probably helped her out on this CD, but Mirwais is a good artist anyways, so props. Buy it, it's worth it. Especially if you like to dance.",1,1,"May 14, 2008"
10,"A rcih sounding album amzim tracks and diverse will please anyone!!!!",1,1,"Dec  3, 2005"
10,"One of her best works till date. As each song segues into the next and grows on you, you just cannot stop listening to the whole album once you sit down with Hung Up. Each track is amazing, from the 80's love beats in Forbidden Love to the hyperactive Jump. Brilliant stuff!",1,1,"Jan 22, 2006"
9,"Pros: - Great and extremely dancable music! - Music is consistently good Cons: - Some samples sound suspiciously similar to stuff from recent popular dance hits!",1,1,"Jan  6, 2006"
10,"I would like to give 12!",1,1,"Jan  6, 2006"
10,"One of Madonna's best albums in years...",1,1,"Nov 24, 2005"
10,"Brilliant! (with a British accent)",1,1,"Nov 14, 2005"
10,"AMAZING !!!
this albums is a huge success!
one of the best albums and the best dance album of the 00's
Madonna went back to her roots and once again returned to the top!
what i love about this album is the 70's disco vibes from The pet shop boys, Donna summer, John Travolta etc. etc.
QUEEN OF MUSIC",1,1,"Aug  8, 2013"
0,"Another derivitave attempt at reviving a moribund career from this long in the tooth bandwagon jumper, who burns through dance production 'collaborators' (read: creators) the way Angelina Jolie burns through male co-stars. Perhaps old Esther should work at perfecting her English accent and recycling her Kaballah cult's ideas into kiddie books instead, because the music ain't happening. Pathetic.",0,4,"Nov 20, 2005"
2,"I'm starting to realise Madonna is a brand that's been overhyped from day one. She's never broken any ground artistically and her vocals and lyrics aren't up too much. A weak album from a weak artist trying very very hard to stay on the scene,",0,4,"Jan 12, 2006"
1,"I like artists that never use the music of others,this shows that Madonna can't make her own sound never,she is always changing it to get success,what a pity,it shows also that she dont have creativity and talent for compose.",0,4,"Feb 10, 2006"
3,"About as repetitive, unoriginal, nonsensical, repetitive as most of Madonna's songs in recent history. A lot of the lyrics are just dumb, everything is incredibly repetitive, and all the songs sound pretty much the same, only barely reaching distinguishable. Also, it's repetitive.",0,7,"Apr  7, 2007"
3,"i love madonna but i don't like this album. generic inexpressive and faceless music.",0,4,"Nov 16, 2005"
1,"To be honest, I have never been much of a Madonna fan, but for whatever reason, I assumed I would love this record. Wrong! I was shocked after one listen how I had little or no interest in listening to it again. Her vocals never leave the ground. To make dance music exciting, the vocalist must soar into the disco rafters. She simply hasn't got the pipes. (The same reason the film of 'Evita' was so flat.) And the lyrics! Sometimes (as in the New York number) they are downright embarrassing! A supreme disapointment! Let's allow Madonna to settle into motherhood, and let's all move on to something more interesting... Byebye, Mrs. Ritchie!",0,4,"Jan 15, 2006"
4,"I have to disagree with Henry T when he suggests that Madonna has 'never borken any ground artistically' See Like A Prayer and Ray of Light in particular...The reason this album is so disappointing is that Madonna no longer seems to want to push herself artistically and his happy to settle for commercial, lyrically weak dance music that will satisfy her finances rather than her creative energy.",0,2,"Jan 19, 2006"
0,"They were playing this the other night when I was at the gyn. I thought about just letting the bar crush my skull. Awful, awful 'music'",0,3,"Feb  1, 2006"
0,"I prefer Enya to this ....... thing,because its have her own style,never changed,and have talent. Enya is the real music.",0,3,"Feb 10, 2006"
5,"There are only a few highlights, such as the single 'Hung Up,' and overwhelmingly the songs mesh into one repetitive whole, leaving you bored and feeling cheated. Vision and uniqueness are heavily lacking on 'Confessions...' I would recommend only buying the single if it's peaking your interest.",0,1,"Feb  8, 2006"
5,"These are words from a huge fan of Madonna, a man who owns all of her albums: this is the worst thing she's ever done. What a shame.",0,2,"May 10, 2006"
2,"My favorite singer is Maddona and her song confessions on a dance floor.",0,2,"Feb  8, 2008"
3,"Unbelievably repetitive. It's like hearing the SAME song over and over again for an hour. I guess she's just a singles artist to me. Hung up is a good song.",0,3,"Sep 28, 2009"
3,"bad",0,1,"Nov 18, 2005"
0,"if there was negative score I would score - the biggest number ever. She should not be allowed to make another album after her deathworthy verison of American Pie.",0,4,"Nov 15, 2005"
1,"Instead of pushing the envelope, Madonna seems to have put herself in one and sent herself to 1976. Unfortunately, the best disco was in that era and Madonna is no match for Ms Summer or even Abba. A sad state of affairs.",0,1,"Mar 12, 2006"
3,"Meh-donna. I'll be honest, I got through song six and had to turn it off. Brutal.",0,1,"Nov 17, 2005"
3,"Surprised that people like it as much as they do. I think it's sort of mediocre.",0,1,"Nov 17, 2005"
8,"I wish people would just give up with whole 'hate' thing they have for Maddy...so much energy waisted....if you dont like dancing or fun then just DON'T listen to the album...stick to enya and the rest....in the meantime i'll get into her groove and hit the dancefloor....",0,0,"Feb 20, 2006"
9,"Really enoyable record.",0,0,"Mar  5, 2006"
10,"Her best EVER !!!",0,0,"May  1, 2006"
10,"There's irony in damning Madonna in the name of Jesus",0,0,"Jun 18, 2006"
8,"I really like this album, even if at times some tracks appear to be thrown together with DJ mixes to 'sound good.' I don't think it's her best, that would be Ray of Light. However, the effort put forth into this album as compared to American Life, or Bedtime Stories, certainly proves that it's not all about her image.",0,0,"Aug 11, 2006"
10,"Her best work yet. Really, one of the best pure pop records of all-time. Destined to be a classic.",0,0,"Feb  1, 2007"
6,"its basically okay.. the tunes are catchy, andsometimes experimental(push) but the problem is bout 90% of the album sounds the same.. fthermore the album flows continuously.. bcuz of that, ii sometms dun know that im actually listening to the next song",0,0,"Apr 18, 2007"
10,"I like this album very much. This is the best album i ever heard. Fantastic!",0,0,"Apr 30, 2007"
10,"This album is amazing.It contains great songs like 'Sorry' & 'Get Together'.",0,0,"Nov 21, 2008"
10,"Love the album as a whole...I love New Yok and HUUng UP wake me up every time!",0,0,"Apr 14, 2008"
9,"Yeah, this album is definitly one of the greatest Electronica/Dance albums of the 2000's. Only 'Jump' and 'Sorry' are a little 'out of key' for me. The rest is excellent. Why the fu** did she change her co-producers and chosed Timbaland for 'Hard Candy'?!",0,0,"Jul 21, 2008"
10,"Madonna at her exhilarating best,love the future disco,Confessions is a timeless album.",0,0,"Jan  3, 2009"
10,"Madonna at her absolute best! A faultless album from the Queen of Pop. Easily up there with her best.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
9,"Words cannot describe!",0,0,"Nov 13, 2005"
10,"This is a flawless album. Not a dud in the bunch. Her best in years.",0,0,"Nov 14, 2005"
10,"Very good, i absoutly love this album, and that its a continous mix, WOW! I could listen to this or dance to it for hours!",0,0,"Nov 14, 2005"
10,"Album Of the Year!!!",0,0,"Nov 14, 2005"
10,"Not a single mis-Fire WOW! Impressed by her all over again!",0,0,"Nov 14, 2005"
10,"Madonna gives us a new perspective on tracks on a cd, a almost never ending storie from begining to end, it's like you almost can't tell when one storie ends and the next one begins, it's perfect!!!!!!",0,0,"Nov 14, 2005"
10,"Yup... I hate to admit it... But this is good.",0,0,"Nov 14, 2005"
9,"Madonna can still move a crowd.",0,0,"Nov 15, 2005"
6,"Yes, I'm outside the norm in saying this album is okay, not great. Having heard albums such as Kerrier District's Kerrier District and Kelley Polar's Love Songs of the Hanging Gardens, I know there are better disco-sounding records out there that capture the spirit of disco moreso than Confessions on a Dance Floor.",0,0,"Nov 15, 2005"
10,"Futuristic. Amazing. Full of fun and authentic joy of dancing and singing. Love it!",0,0,"Nov 15, 2005"
10,"This is Madonna's best album since 'Ray of Light'. All these are catchy and are easy to dance to. The queen is back in a big way!!!",0,0,"Nov 16, 2005"
10,"utter brilliance! cant fault it in any way. to the negative comments...why is the music never spoke about. it seems people only want to trash the woman no matter what and ignore the actual work. either that or its a dumb statement that reveals that the person doesnt like pop/dance music anyway, so why bother saying anything? get a life",0,0,"Nov 16, 2005"
7,"hung up,brilliant fabulous pop song,obviously the strongest on the cd,the rest a little patchy for me ,a little too much euro disco pap, but over all good,but i still think that american life was better",0,0,"Nov 17, 2005"
10,"best cd since ray of light",0,0,"Nov 17, 2005"
9,"Not as deep as her last few albums, but a whole lot of fun. This one wisely avoids the politics of American Life, and returns Madonna to where she belongs - the whirling dance floor. It's all catchy and goofy fun, but does seem a little safer than she ever has before.",0,0,"Nov 17, 2005"
10,"It simply rocks.",0,0,"Nov 17, 2005"
9,"Great album, not her all time best... but a welcome change from American Life! She can definitely still give the younger wannabes a run for their money! This album is probably the closest sounding to her original style with a sure fire club & radio appeal!",0,0,"Nov 17, 2005"
2,"ok what is it wih the 80's Nothing different, deja-vue. 2 much effects is like not enough. Lyrics .....;-(",0,0,"Nov 18, 2005"
0,"User comments is not a forum for guerilla marketing... get out of here people!",0,0,"Nov 18, 2005"
9,"Igore the hype and the professional morons out there: 'Oh my god she's like, er 47, or something and she's like still breathing, how is that possible? How can someone soooo old make like music anyway? Shouldn't be allowed should it. And look at how she dresses. Does not compute, does not compute.' It's Madonna people. Get over it already. Plain and simple it's a great companion piece to 'Ray of Light' and if you didn't like that album you won't like this one, so don't bother. However for anyone who likes decent, no scub that, good music - and I do - get the album right now. Is it camp? Yes. Is it loud? God yes. Is it a dance album? Definately. But I don't like dance music? Then don't buy it. But I don't like Madonna? Then don't buy it. I like Madonna, but only her 80's stuff? Who knows you might like it. Try it. I like 'real' dance music, but Madonna, come on? Oh you will like this baby, trust me. Now I'm not some obessive Madonna fan, just a fan of music. Period. And this is either the best or 2nd best album she's ever been involved in. It's also a contender for album of the year in my honest humble opinion. Personal Fav being Elbow 'Leaders of the Free World'. Great album. Nuff said.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2005"
10,"Great music, she is still hot",0,0,"Nov 18, 2005"
10,"very beautiful.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2005"
10,"Incredible return to form! Without a single duff track, this is right up there with Like A Prayer and Ray Of Light!",0,0,"Nov 18, 2005"
10,"im so glad its back to the old madonna",0,0,"Nov 18, 2005"
10,"Great Great ALBUM! Non Stop FUN!",0,0,"Nov 18, 2005"
9,"This is Madonna's best release since 'Ray of Light'. Every song is highly stylized and VERY danceable and upbeat. It's nice to have 'fun' Madonna back.",0,0,"Nov 19, 2005"
10,"Her best since Like A Prayer!",0,0,"Nov 19, 2005"
8,"It's good. Doesn't really have enough up-beat songs but it's great anyways.",0,0,"Nov 21, 2005"
10,"Easily the best Madonna album I've ever heard. If 'Jump', 'Sorry', and 'Push' are released as singles they will surely become number 1's.",0,0,"Nov 20, 2005"
10,"Wow is the best descriptive word for 'Confessions..', Madonna takes us by the jugular and doesn't let go for an hour. In turn sweet, sexy, spiritual, but always thumping and groovy. Standout tracks are Hung Up, Sorry, Jump, How High, Isaac, Push. This woman is so rightfully tagged Queen of Pop, there's a trail of pretenders in her wake, long may she reign!",0,0,"Nov 20, 2005"
8,"Well, for sure, it is definitely her best album she put out in years! Especially compare to the dreadful 2003 release 'American Life'. Still, her voice gets a bit lost in all those multi layers of techno synths and progressive beats. But mostly, the lyrics are a little cheesy if not dumb sometimes. But overall, it's great to see Madonna back to stir this boring world of pop music dominated by hip-hop.",0,0,"Nov 21, 2005"
9,"Repeated listenings reveal even greater pleasures in the lush songs. Lyrics are average, but when was dance music ever about the words? The beats are what count, and they deeply rock on this album.",0,0,"Nov 22, 2005"
10,"If people don't like this album or Madonna for that matter then why, oh why are they wasting their time and ours by posting their views???? Get over it, Madonna rules, she can't be trash if she is NO 1 in the album and music charts RIGHT NOW!!! Just please. . .get. . .a. . .life!!!! Team Lamb can SHOVE IT!!!! Madonna is the queen of pop, always has always will be. . .FACT!!!! Bye! :)",0,0,"Nov 24, 2005"
10,"All hail the Queen of Pop for the throne will be hers forever and EVER! Bloody amazing record! And cut the crap about the lyrics..you want lyrics go buy a Coldplay album or something! But while you still got this record..I dare you not to dance your ass off just listening to it! Go Madonna!!!",0,0,"Nov 25, 2005"
10,"Amazing new work of Madonna, simple, awesome, just fun!!!!! You can dance, for inspiration!!!!",0,0,"Nov 25, 2005"
9,"I just bought this one, and its one of her best... very dancey and upbeat... AWESOME!!!!!!",0,0,"Nov 26, 2005"
10,"Great album, will make us all forget american life.",0,0,"Nov 27, 2005"
10,"This album is amazing! I love this album. Madonna had made me a big fan. My favorites are Sorry, Push, Jump, Issaac, Future Lovers, Get Together...the whole album...lol.",0,0,"Nov 27, 2005"
10,"I trully enjoyed this album:) It's the best of Madonna to date:)",0,0,"Nov 20, 2005"
8,"This is a pleasant surprise! Madonna is back doing what she is supposed to do: entertain! American Life was an ill-judged attempt to educate rather than entertain and madonna has apparently learned that if she wants to maintain her relevance she should make us dance instead of think! Clever choice...and up goes the record sales!",0,0,"Nov 29, 2005"
10,"Madonna simply the best!",0,0,"Nov 30, 2005"
9,"Great music.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2005"
10,"BEst album of year",0,0,"Dec  3, 2005"
10,"After a dismal attempt in American Life, Confessions brings us back to who Madonna is, the maker of great music. I have listened to his album over a hundred times and still cannot get bored. Each time I listen I hear something new. The music is magical and gets me moving. She proves that she can once again defy the odds by making a great album.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2005"
10,"I needed an album like this for christmas!",0,0,"Dec  6, 2005"
10,"Simply Amazing. A feast for the ears!",0,0,"Dec  7, 2005"
1,"Madonna just put out one of the worst albums of her career. I really not feeling anything she does. I wish she would just go away!!!!",0,0,"Jan 14, 2006"
10,"Nomatter what she did, she always a leader not follower!",0,0,"Jan 15, 2006"
10,"Confessions made another surprise when it debuted at No.1 in nearly 40 various country. Album managed to a massive improvement fro latest album effort American Life. So we oughta wish Madonna this huge success because when U R 47 year-old this is amazing.",0,0,"Jan 21, 2006"
10,"this album is amazing! i highly highly recommend it",0,0,"Jan 21, 2006"
10,"The best pop - dance album of the latest years and definitely one of her best. (I am a fan since 1983) I had many years to enjoy a pop - dance album so much. It can be heard for months!",0,0,"Dec  7, 2006"
10,"t.A.T.u. does pure sensual pop like nobody else can even fucking hope.",2,2,"Oct 31, 2005"
8,"First time I bought this, I almost drowned to sleep because I thought that was boring.But after the third time I put it on,I have to say this is a good album. Though I still like their first album better, they absolutely still made it to my favorite musicians/singers list.For those who dissed them, get a life.there are lots of worse than worst albums out there.But not this one for sure.",2,2,"Jan  5, 2006"
10,"Outstanding",2,2,"Jan  7, 2006"
9,"tATu begin to outgrow the lesbian shtick, and they are better off without it. Their voices seem more at ease singing the new material. For some reason, they shy away from two-part harmonies which could only make the songs more powerful. The outstanding tracks are as follows: 'Gomenasai,' their apology to their Japanese fans who were treated to a circus rather than a performance. 'Crave,' a gentle and mornful song about two girls who can't get their priorities in life straight. Also there is the thoroughly enjoyable 'Friend or Foe,' which carries the story of a strained friendship on a catchy melody that reminded this listener of the best James Bond theme songs. Many reviewers are using their first album - with its thinner choice of memorable songs - as a measuring stick for 'Dangerous and Moving.' The new album surpasses the old and is free of the artificial controversy created by tATu's former hack manager Ivan Shapovalov. The end result is a collection of songs that have a true erotic allure. It's doubtful that the tATu act will survive long enough to produce a third album, but one can always hope.",1,1,"Nov  6, 2005"
10,"better than all the albums this year",1,1,"Nov  8, 2005"
9,"It's pretty good actually. they've improoved a lot, at least the songs have a theme, better music arrangement, pretty cool sound very melodic and different. Although it has 1 or 2 songs that are not too good, i have to say that its a good album overall. of course for those who knows what voice and melodies are, and the girls have those that some others wish.",1,1,"Dec 10, 2005"
8,"As a mainly pop-oriented album. I think TATU girls did a good job this time. Catchy as usual, the first single All About Us has such a killer-tune that you can never mistake them as other pop singers, and the strong melody is always their symbol. And the album contains other catchy tunes also, such as Friend Or Foe, She Loves Me Not, and the ballad Gomenasai is just a lovely and warming song for teenagers. I think it's a great pop album, and I am pretty amased the two girls could've done this, again.",1,1,"Oct 26, 2005"
10,"This is one the best Cds i've listened to. t.A.T.u has definetly made there comeback. This album shows that theses two aren't jsut little school girls anymore but they're women who express themsleves in the awsome song lyrics. I'm mean the first time i heard gomenasai it moved me to tears. Simply put a Kick ass album",1,1,"Mar  4, 2006"
10,"They are relly fantastic. I'm from Iran.This album with 'Sacrifice' , 'All about us' and 'Outer space' is the best of them.",1,1,"Mar  6, 2006"
10,"Its a wonderful disc if you dont like tatu you dont like the pop music its good music powerful lyrics perfect music and voices the people and magazines that say that this is a so bad disc they dont know nothing about music",1,1,"Jul  7, 2006"
8,"I love this album. There are a couple of weak songs, but otherwise the album is very cohesive. Their production values are top notch as well. Their instrumentation is full and complex. I know people love to hate them, but it wouldn't hurt to simply give them the credit they are due.",1,1,"Nov 18, 2005"
10,"i love the songs. The melody and the lyrics are just great! Very meaningful lyrics.",1,1,"Nov 20, 2005"
9,"t.A.T.u. is fucking awesome! It isn't just about lesbians its about love. the kind that can completly enslave a person with passion, unrestraind lust love envy and so much more. Naturally the second album cant compete with the first (200 Km/h in the Wrong Lane) but Dangerous and Moving has a lot more value than some of the other music you hear on the radio. Their new hit 'All About Us' has its strong points but it isnt the most sensational track on the cd so you should buy it and find out which one is.",1,1,"Nov  4, 2005"
10,"I love tatu, and I love this CD. Best listened too on drugs. :)",1,1,"Nov  5, 2005"
10,"I think everybody critic in bad these best pop group don't understand nothing!! Only invidious or understandable comments. I 've dscoverd that know i love these TEEN and i listen every day to thei new single 'All about us'. It's a MASTERPIECE",1,1,"Nov  5, 2005"
10,"great ........",1,1,"Dec 19, 2005"
8,"t..A.T.u. created quite a stir when they arrived in 2002; they used every on-camera opportunity they got to advertise their apparent romantic relationship, and their addictive, dark pop was striking a chord with audiences-enough to move over 5 million copies of their debut, 200 km/h in the Wrong Lane. Three years later, the Russian super-duo returns with a new look, new sound, and a better approach. Opting for artistic credibility this time around, they",1,1,"Dec 21, 2005"
10,"No other album has released full force of euro pop like tatu,who has become a pop phenomenon.Dangerous and Moving & loves me not are the solid tracks this exhilirating album has to offer.Bring on the third",1,1,"Dec 28, 2005"
10,"Absolutely the very best album in the whole music industry in 2005. It is a real disappointment that the group no longer exist. I hope there will be back soon.",1,1,"Nov 27, 2012"
9,"This album is probably one of the best albums released in 2005. The music is enjoyable, and the voices are brilliant. The songs from this album will stick in your head. Say no more, say no less.",1,2,"Oct 24, 2010"
5,"Very listenable but too safe. No real standouts like on their debut (nothing close to Show Me Love). Not a bad disc but it sounds like the record company is phasing the girls out based on the cloudy production. You could buy worse CDs but I'd suggest saving your money. I bought it for $8.99 and I had to find out because I loved the first one so I don't have buyers remorse. Buy Royksopp instead.",0,1,"Oct 30, 2005"
1,"Nice image, terrible sound: this is as good as pop music gets. And the RIAA wonders why sales are down 8%.",0,2,"Oct 30, 2005"
1,"what a load of crap these 2 r as fake as jordans tits!!!!!!!!!!!",0,2,"Jan  9, 2006"
10,"Maybe not the best album by them, but really really good, because it has mixed music styles - if you want rock, pop, new age (well, just one song... kinda) or some catchy pop, D&M has it.",0,0,"Apr 21, 2007"
0,"Why waste your money on this product when you can buy real porn at your corner store?",0,0,"Nov  7, 2005"
10,"Fucking great album! That's so much better than by Lindsay, Britney, Ashley or by any other American chick. Well arranged, produced and written. Simply pop as it's best. tATu has definitely established their succuess in Europe and worldwide.",0,0,"Feb  4, 2006"
4,"Ok, it's an improvement. A couple songs, like 'Cosmos (Outer Space),' rock nicely. But there's still too much repetition, and they aren't good singers.",0,0,"Oct 25, 2005"
10,"Even those who prefer rock music will agree that this is the best kind of pop there is, it's not bubble gum and it's not poser punk.",0,0,"Jan 12, 2006"
10,"Dangerous and moving is a great album and it shows there's good pop music.",0,0,"Aug 23, 2006"
9,"Although lacking a song of the same calibre as their cover of The Smiths How soon is now, and although it has a monotonous feel about it, it is nevertheless a great popalbum, with terrific tunes and a nice production. What more do you want from good popmusic?",0,0,"Nov 14, 2005"
8,"Gotta love critics!! Here I read Billboard and Dot Music bashing this album...but what do they know?! This album is not half as bad as they say. In fact, it's pretty good, except for a few weak tracks maybe. You want crap? Get Ashlee Simpson's newest. Production-wise, everything has improved. It sounds beefier, songs are well written and the girls have improved their english pronunciation!",0,0,"Nov 25, 2005"
10,"simple great !!!!!",0,0,"Dec 19, 2005"
8,"I like this band like I like Abba. The hissy fits of some of these critics are obviously self-serving: Apparently they're trying to gain credibility the easiest and cheapest way they can. Here critics, here's some Creed, why don't you go over there with it and bash it to your heart's content, out of our earshot. We think your taste is impeccable, we promise. There, there, run along now.",0,0,"Dec 31, 2005"
10,"Amazing!Fantastic!Unusual!Very interesting!better than all the albums this year!
i love the songs. The melody and the lyrics are just great! Very meaningful lyrics.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2015"
10,"This is one of the best albums by t.A.T.u. Outstanding music, great lyrics and beautiful girls. Favorite song from album is 'Cosmos (Outer Space)'. Unfortunately, this song not be released as single. Also, I like songs 'Friend or Foe', 'Sacrifice' and 'Craving (I Only Want What I Can't Have)'.",0,0,"Sep 11, 2015"
10,"'Dangerous and Moving' - top to bottom scored solidly worked out pop album tracks foreign production focused primarily on Western audience, and slightly less on the local (Russian) listener.",0,0,"Jan 29, 2016"
6,"It's OK. Approach with caution.",0,0,"Oct  2, 2005"
9,"amazingly cool, coherently a mess, lots of fun.",0,0,"Oct  7, 2005"
10,"This is a much needed, very cute, and happy collection of songs; which just fits in perfectly, in balancing out every other Radiohead depression I have in my collection. It really is nice to have a breather every once in awhile. 10/10",0,0,"Oct  9, 2005"
9,"Has totally inspired me to listen to wider ranges of music its so good. Uplifts me right away.",0,0,"Jan  9, 2005"
3,"Its sounds like a bunch of 70's tv tunes all mixed into one. I've saw them live as well, that was even more disappointing",0,0,"Mar 12, 2006"
10,"Sorry but this is way better than the Avalanches... Just lisen to Ladyflash or Pantherdash! Recalls the sixties in glorous stereo, a magnificent colelction of songs and one of the better debutes to come out this decennium. Word.",0,0,"Aug 25, 2006"
10,"This albums full of catchy, less standard tunes where the vocals aren't as apparent as they usually are, and there is a heavy focus on the instrumentation. Also, Joe D is full of crap because I saw them live too and they were amazing and full of energy. It was also cool that they would switch instruments between songs.",0,0,"Aug  4, 2006"
10,"Huddle Formation's awesome.",0,0,"Apr  8, 2007"
6,"Reasonably inventive with a refreshingly retro edge. Choatic and busy. Some great tunes but as an album this is ultimately a bit samey, and one gets a nagging sense of 'style-over-substance'. Still one of the more interesting bands around at the moment, and worth a listen.",0,0,"Dec 10, 2005"
10,"A must have album, the best of 2005",0,0,"Oct 20, 2005"
9,"the beautiful theory of chaos. like the music from the old police series...",0,0,"Oct 30, 2005"
10,"without a doubt the best album of the year.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2005"
10,"If great sex was music, this is what it would sound like.",0,0,"Feb  2, 2005"
10,"Totally raw soul and power.",0,0,"Aug 20, 2005"
7,"ok at first but doesn't quite last over repeated listens.most of the songs lack a depth that they try to aspire to.",0,0,"Sep 30, 2005"
10,"Their joy goes to eleven.",0,0,"Jan  5, 2006"
7,"Pretty solid. Panther Dash is Sonic Youthish. Ladyflash is probably the best tune. Feelgood by Numbers is like Charlie Brown Christmas with a shitload of snare. We Just Can't Be Defeated is the cheerleader-overkill song. Junior Kickstart is really 70's cop showish. Friendship Update is a great song. This is a download-half-ditch-the-rest kind of album.",0,0,"Jan  8, 2006"
4,"I thought i was in for a treat when i bought this. All the rave reviews from the critics and people on this website. Very disappointing. One of those albumson first listen that you keep waiting for a good track to kick in....... This album needs some BASS. I thought there was something up with my stereo, but no, just lacks some bass. to be compared with The Avalanches was a cruel way of getting me to part with my money. Not in the same league. They get 4 for being 'happy' unlike me.",0,0,"Feb  3, 2006"
8,"the sonic equivalent of a box of crayons in a blender, without the blender noise. And the blender's going over a waterfall. And the crayons were stolen.",0,0,"Feb  6, 2006"
8,"A standout album of 2005 because of it's inventive ideas and catchy riffs. The album is not music but is an overall show in your bedroom. You listen and enjoy but still it has some pros and cons. The pros standout the most but the cons always come in there. For example sometimes the album will sound as if no one is trying at all as if it is a mess that doesn't work and is not beautiful but ugly. A pro would be the unusual cheerleading anthems that are placed in this hell of a good album. I hope their sophomore effort is as interesting as their first.",0,0,"Jun  3, 2006"
9,"Nice! almost as nice as the debut of The Avalanches or The Brothers Gonna work it out by Chemical Brothers.",0,0,"Nov 12, 2004"
10,"Makes me so happy i want to cry.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2004"
9,"Hands down the catchiest album of the year. Makes you wanna get up and shake that ass! 'We Just Won't Be Defeated' is my theme song. ONe of the year's ten best.",0,0,"Oct 10, 2005"
8,"This sounds like a strange, compelling mix of my bloody valentine and junior senior...I actually prefer the instrumental tracks like the fifth track which is awesome! Anyone into contemporary indie stuff will be delighted with this album!",0,0,"Nov 29, 2005"
10,"Innovative, remarkable. You can't sit without your feet tapping, leg bobbing, or head nodding to the music. One of the best expressions of noise I've heard in some time, and it makes you happy.",0,0,"Nov  3, 2005"
6,"like cheerleaders with a back-up band, playing to a high school gymnasium filled with sugar-shivered teens. Which is fine, if you like that kind of thing. More overhyped than the Shins.",0,0,"Dec  8, 2005"
10,"Catchy and fun is such a rare thing these days!",0,0,"Oct  6, 2005"
9,"It's a summer friday night, I've just drunk 2 litres of Red Bull and I'm bounding down the streets in low gravity boots yelling meaningless silly things at random people, kissing strangers, leaping over cars and trees and occasionally bouncing into others doing the same thing. THIS IS OUR SOUNDTRACK!!!!",0,0,"Mar 10, 2005"
9,"spectacular spectacular. one of the best groups in 2004",0,0,"Apr 16, 2005"
10,"Retro-Adrenaline-Cheerleader-SuperHappyFun-DancingTime-Punk-Powerpop! Listening to this is like mainlining an IV of pure happiness into your veins and setting all your muscles to boogie mode. What could be better?",0,0,"Jul 15, 2005"
10,"A sound revolution. The people who rated this album poorly obviously did not take time to actually listen to it. They probably played it in the background while doing homework or making dinner. This album DESERVES to be avidly paid attention to. Every song is inspiring, and complexly layered. It's amazing, the fact that so many genres and instruments were combined but the album was never demeaned to some jumble of noise. The songs sound like they were recorded by elaborate pop/indie/hip-hop/dance beat orchestras. While this may not be the best album of '05, it is most definitely ONE of the best.",0,0,"Jan 23, 2006"
10,"Great energy and tons of attitude. One of the best new bands around.",0,0,"Jan 24, 2006"
10,"i think the Go Team are awesome, and this album is nifty",0,0,"Jan 24, 2006"
9,"Instantly loveable! This album is bouncy, flamboyant and sometimes mad. More bands need to be as individual and fun as The Go! team.",0,0,"Jan 30, 2006"
10,"Uplifting, crazy, dance-a-thonic... I love every second of it!",0,0,"May 25, 2006"
10,"12' of pure energy",0,0,"May  7, 2006"
8,"There's always been something mysterious and strange in agent films. Yeah, I like this indeed and especially those faster songs.Keep up the flag!",0,0,"Nov  9, 2004"
9,"Short and sweet. This lp makes me want to smile each time i hear it",0,0,"Dec 14, 2004"
10,"This totally took me by surprise. Wow this is revoluntionary.",0,0,"Nov 15, 2005"
10,"This is the music that superheroes listen too, inspired with the unabashed the sheer size of the music. Nothing can compete with the Go! Team for sheer energy and joy.",0,0,"Nov 21, 2005"
9,"Wow.",0,0,"Nov  4, 2005"
9,"Unlike most anything I've heard. The ability to vocally synth the way they do makes this an musically and technically advanced album.",0,0,"Oct 19, 2005"
10,"Think of the excellent 'Avalanches' but turn the fun factor up to 111. This should have you bopping non-stop - blazing across the sky like a fabulous supersonic phoenix. Best album release of the past 3 years - Great live performers too!",0,0,"Dec 15, 2005"
1,"Horrible, loud, stupid, insipid, low-fi garbage... and that's being kind. This is the kind of crap pretentious know-it-all (meaning 'know nothing') rock reviewers without talent or ears put on their best lists to be thankfully forgotten by the following year and shortly thereafter found en mass in a used bin for $2 and no takers.",0,0,"Dec 18, 2005"
9,"This CD is amazing. The mere catchyness that the songs have will bring the listener back and back for more Great music. If you want some great pop melodies look no further than this album. TRUST ME (John D- TV tunes??? i hear music with melody.)",0,0,"Dec 23, 2006"
6,"gets real old real quick but the energy thats there is pretty impressive.",0,0,"Dec 11, 2005"
9,"great debut album from this group.  every song was good.   it was original and creative.  their sound is new and refreshing.  looking forward to downloading their new release.",0,0,"Jul 31, 2011"
0,"rubbish",0,1,"Oct  2, 2005"
10,"Awesome album has 5 gold start rock solid hits, and the rest is pretty killer. All killer no filler.",0,0,"Dec  6, 2005"
10,"dynamite is a fantastic album!!its so dynamic and it makes you wanna move!!",0,0,"Oct  3, 2005"
8,"while its the same formula, it still sounds good. they just keep doing what they do best, but i found this one more enjoyable than the last. these later releases are nothing compared to the first couple albums, but they are still enjoyable.",0,0,"Oct  4, 2005"
7,"Not Spacecowboy, but there are some funk moments that don't come out anywhere else these days (listen to the bass line of Dynamite). Very indulgent music, and keep an open mind for old school soul choir cheese lyrics.",0,0,"Oct  8, 2005"
10,"Easily my favorite album of 2005. The beats are as catchy (and at times, as complex) as you'll find in recent house or R&B, without veering from the funk backbone of the Jamiroquai standard. I defy you to give it a listen without groovin'. 'Dynamite' will blow you away! (Excuse the pun.)",0,0,"Dec  9, 2005"
9,"Best album since 'traveling without moving'. They finally found the funk again.",0,0,"Sep 23, 2005"
9,"1 or 2 misses but The quality of the other songs make up for of it.Any one who does not feel uplifted by these songs and arrangements should just stick to reviewing Britney,Justin and all the ohter crap that passes for music these days!",0,0,"Sep 30, 2005"
10,"How could this album go bad? It's the best funk mu sic brought from t he 70's, updated with the sound of today. Is not so easy to do that- D! (dyego)",0,0,"Feb 28, 2006"
10,"This album has alot of very well polished tunes that are timless which makes Jamiroquai unique. It has alot of seventies disco dance feel to it so if you like that, you will like this album. it is my favoutrate after travelling without moving.",0,0,"Dec  6, 2005"
5,"After the lead single its pretty much business as usual. I thought they may try pull out all the stops before their greatest hits is released. We all knew about the album deal with Sony, and Jamiroquai didnt quite take on the world I once hoped they would. The never really progressed beyond a point they hit many years ago.",0,0,"Dec 24, 2006"
10,"3 years later and WOW! Matured/dance funky/more edgy guitar riffs/sometimes smooth/ definitely Jay Kay. Reminded me of when I first listened to Muse's 'Absolution' album, 'This is better than anything out there.' Original sounding.",0,0,"Nov 22, 2005"
9,"Such a funky, sexy album. Excellent musicianship--oh my, the bass! The voice! The woodwinds! Could listen to it all day. Especially love 'Love Blind,' 'Tallulah,' 'Star Child,' and 'Feels Just Like it Should.'",0,0,"Oct  9, 2012"
10,"I have a two CD album of Jamiroquai. This singer is the most visible and known ambassador of the music he makes. Very like the Beatles, but this is not pop music. His music is simple, and he appreciates the same, and repeats the lyrics, and the tune, very visibly at the lines, which would be a chorus in a singing group.",0,0,"Nov 25, 2013"
10,"Amazing CD. I have been waiting for her second CD for a long time. It is definitely 'mixed' in genres, but, that is part of the beauty of it all.",1,1,"Jul 11, 2005"
10,"Esthero is an amazing artist. Truly an inovative album.",1,1,"Jul  8, 2005"
6,"Esthero took 7 years for this? It's not a bad album, it's just I was expecting more from her. Her first album was revolutionary in a sense. This album she seems confused. She abandons her eletronic/trip-hop/samba stlye fo average R&B.",0,0,"Aug 18, 2005"
6,"Ho-hum. A few good moments, but my finger tends toward the skip button frequently. The spoken-word poetry has got to go. Prefer Gwen Stefani for neo-flapper style.",0,0,"Sep 25, 2005"
9,"I've been looking for a new sound to embrace, and I've found it in Esthero! She's definatly merged several music styles into something provocative.",0,0,"Jul 14, 2005"
6,"Can't say much for this album. Gwen Stefani wannabe songs, interspersed with self indulgent answering machine messages. Pass.",0,0,"Aug  8, 2005"
10,"Definitely worth the wait. Totally different from Breath From Another, but still incredibly entertaining and diverse.",0,0,"Sep 26, 2005"
9,"Esthero is everything that the mainstream pop artists should aspire to be. She was making the black Eyed Peas better long before anyone knew who Fergie was, and can easily sing circles around most of her contemporaries. However, Esthero does it HER way, which means she'll be obscure in her career, but will still be able to live with herself.",0,0,"Jul 11, 2005"
10,"Very eclectic!",0,0,"Jul 13, 2005"
10,"I love this album ...it makes you just wanna smile with a raised eyebrow",0,0,"Sep 12, 2005"
10,"I have waited for this cd for a while like most of us ....Esthero is amazing anyone who does it their way rocks .",0,0,"Sep 12, 2005"
10,"this album was put together so smoothly and just has such a quality that no other artist could pull-off. I'm not really sure what the album didn't get such a good review by the critics, it bottles my mind. I LOVE this album and i LOVE Esthero!!",0,0,"Nov 17, 2010"
5,"I don't understand the hype. Sure it's an okay mashing of dance beats & angular guitars, but... It's also highly repetitive.",2,4,"Mar  2, 2005"
7,"Good, not a classic, feels.....like you should be liking it a lot more than you are. Another overrated, overhyped dance album pumped up by hipsters who are just begging indie kids to break out into synth inspired dance moves. But definetly worth a listen, there are highlights, just dont expect it to change your life, as the indie press would have you believe it does.",1,2,"Mar 20, 2005"
10,"Even better than the first album, every song is worth of a single release",1,2,"May 11, 2007"
3,"I've tried so hard to work out why this appeals to so many critics. Maybe you like second-rate minimalist house-pop. I can't work out how someone can listen to 2 CDs of this stuff when I can't bear a whole song",0,2,"Aug 30, 2005"
10,"daft punk is playing at my house... my house! woot",0,1,"May  5, 2007"
3,"This is essentially an over-simplified daft punk with one dudes boring voice all over it. For reasons that are still not clear to me, critics and DJs love it. If you're into ultra-basic electronic pop, you might like it, but otherwise stear clear!",0,1,"May 16, 2005"
0,"this band is absolutely horrible.",0,1,"Jun 10, 2005"
3,"Knowing I was taking a gamble on this when I made the purchase and man did I lose my shirt. Way over-hyped...Doubt it would even appeal to fans of Peaches (though maybe to M.I.A. devotees) Only a bright moment or two on Disc 2. OK, off to trade mine for some store credit!",0,1,"May 21, 2005"
9,"It isnt perfect, like absolute classics out there, but man, the best songs are really, really great. And it contains the best electronica single of last year: 'Yeah'. I could listen to that song (all 9 minutes of it) all day for a week.",0,0,"Apr  4, 2006"
9,"'Daft Punk' is one of the funnest tracks in years and definitely the album's highlight, but the rest is quite good, too, ranging from slow and druggy to post-punk and trashy, with some Talking Heads motifs thrown in for good measure. Some might find this album inconsistent, but I happen to like every style explored here, so, for me, it's just wonderuflly eclectic.",0,0,"Mar  3, 2005"
10,"james murphy is a true visionary. he marries the old with the new, taking influences and creating something truly original. he's not trying to be cool, i think that's why some people don't get it.",0,0,"Jul 10, 2005"
9,"Exciting sound, the right influences in the right moment -but making music which will survive.",0,0,"Feb 18, 2005"
9,"ok guys... having an album of 'yeah's and 'losing my edge's would be seriously annoying wouldnt it? yes it would. murphy knows the difference between a single and an album, and he's not making an album of singles, that's the first thing you're going to have to get over before you start to appreciate how awesome these songs are. the album is party as hell with stupidly addictive songs (daft punk is playing at my house, movement, tribulations) to crazy fun (on repeat) and to songs that make you dance like the cult-movie dumbass character with the fro (disco infiltratior). definately satisfying.",0,0,"Feb 20, 2005"
2,"Utter Crap, overhyped.......barely music",0,0,"Feb 22, 2005"
9,"One gets the feeling Murphy's sound might get old pretty quickly, but right now, as last year, his music is just plain fun. You'll shake your waist and feel clever about it.",0,0,"Mar 17, 2005"
8,"Sheer scope is the order of the day. Rekon this is one dance album that won't lose its sheen 12 or 24 months from now but will actually get better with age.",0,0,"Mar  2, 2005"
3,"Overrrated. This is just a hype. There are much better albums out there. Only a few ok songs, the tracks are too long and not definitely not original. Why do reviewers hype an album like this and give gems like The Music's ' Welcome to the north' or the truly outstanding 'Worlds Apart' from AndYouWillKnowUsByTheTrailOfDead bad reviews?? I'll never understand...",0,0,"Apr  1, 2005"
6,"Beat Connection is great, however.... Many of the tracks on this album are virtually note for note rip offs of songs by Krautrock groups like Can, Neu! and inparticular Cluster. Hearing such blatant musical thieft takes alot of the sheen off what is basically a decent album.",0,0,"Apr  1, 2005"
10,"This album rules. For me it's the best in 2005 until. Best tracks are 'Tribulations' and 'Yeah (Crass)'.",0,0,"Jul  8, 2005"
9,"Wow! I love this 2-CD set, and I'm not even into trance or house party music! I ended up mixing my favorite songs from both CDs into an 80-minute jam of my favorite songs (Tribulation, Yeah, Movement & Disco Infiltrator) and it gets me up and moving every morning. In fact, I burned several CDs of my mix and have gotten rave reviews from all of the party animals at my work. Highly recommended to anyone with an open mind and a curious heart. I just can't stop grooving to this music. One song sounds like David Bowie before he went androgenous and the next reminds me of Depeche Mode meets Devo meets The Cure. I can't even describe the amount of fun that it adds to my work when I slap a discopunk CD into the boombox and the ladies rock out as we work grueling 12-hour shifts. For those who are looking for something refreshingly new that reminds you of the good times back in the '80s, these songs are tight!",0,0,"Sep 14, 2005"
9,"The second disc easily catapaults this record from a tribute to James Murphy's favorite bands to something much more interesting.",0,0,"Feb  9, 2006"
9,"This album still sounds strong a year down the line.",0,0,"May 16, 2006"
10,"This is the testament (and beginning) of the Murphy's era. James will be remembered for his take on Dance/Rock as anybody else has done it. Get it, listen and be part of history.",0,0,"Apr  1, 2007"
7,"There are two things that I definitely know about this album. 1. Between the two discs, there is enough really good music to fill a one disc LP. 2. Clearly, every music critic out there is being bullied by James Murphy. Music critics, almost by definition, are music nerds, and James Murphy is quickly becoming known as the Godfather of music nerds. With all of the references to the cool-kids' music of the past, for a critic to give LCD Soundsystem a bad review would be akin to admitting that he or she doesn't know the history of hip music. Of course, just because critics are afraid of being outed by Murphy doesn't make the record any stronger. Just look at the user reviews. Typically, user reviews are biased and rate higher than critics' reviews. No surprise that users rated this disc lower than critics did. With all of that said, this is a pretty good record, and I'm not afraid to admit it. I still don't like Daft Punk, though, unless they're being referenced in a song that they didn't make.",0,0,"Dec 21, 2005"
7,"There are some really good things about this album. The band has a really good musical sense of what they're trying to accomplish, but the music is just really lacking in emotion, and that keeps it from being an A album.",0,0,"Feb 17, 2005"
2,"over-hyped. Yea its hip, but is wayyyy self-consciously hip . Take a pass.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2005"
10,"There's no doubt this is good stuff, and hopefully it will find its way into many ears.",0,0,"Mar 10, 2005"
7,"It sounds cool, but it doesn't feel like sex, u know?",0,0,"Mar 14, 2005"
3,"sad!",0,0,"Mar 26, 2005"
10,"it's real music. it pays you back for your effort. not much does that.",0,0,"Mar  5, 2005"
10,"This album is excellent. Great songs with plenty of variety. worth buyin as well double cd",0,0,"Apr  4, 2005"
8,"quirky, funky, bass driven party music for those who turned their backs on trance long ago looking for something edgier.",0,0,"Aug 24, 2005"
10,"are you insane? seriously? i can't even get into how well this record is made--how it works in so many ways. the songs rule independently, and as an album (short and sweet) it actually flows! that's completely disregarding the ridiculously detailed and amazing tracks on the bonus disc. give it 5 years... the bands that went balls out for the glory will be dead and gone, or so horrible and pop that you'll be ashamed you ever went to see them. lcd and dfa will be left standing, getting better and better.",0,0,"Sep 24, 2005"
9,"this album rocks. especially beat connection... there's such a strong rythm and the whole album just keeps you rocking....",0,0,"Sep 29, 2005"
8,"Quality album. Fresh & Funky. Saw them live last year and they blew the house down, and that was on a Sunday morning after 2 days of utter maddness. Takes some band to get a crowd going like that.",0,0,"Jan 12, 2006"
2,"i hate wasting money on crap. the vocalist totally ripped off the fall's marc e smith and the rest of them sound like the rapture. total rubbish!!!",0,0,"Jan  2, 2006"
10,"I wish I were as cool as their music. I'd be beating girls off with a stick. Seriously.",0,0,"Feb  1, 2006"
10,"Tribulations is simply the best dance track I have ever heard. It is the reason I bought this stellar album, and I just knew the rest would kick! It does! BUY THIS ALBUM. It is unique, clever, catchy, and ROCKS!",0,0,"May 26, 2006"
6,"Some great tracks (daft punk playing at my house, tribulations) but also plenty of filler (thrills, on repeat, disco infiltrator) Alos, nothing is in the same league as Yeah or Losing My Edge. Overall a dissapointment... The only dancepunk producer who seems to be able to produce a consistant album is Maurice Fulton (from Mu)",0,0,"Feb 16, 2005"
10,"I don't really listen to electronica at all - and usually I think of it as disposable candy - but this cd is actually pretty good!",0,0,"Feb 21, 2005"
4,"more of the same from the pitchfork dance lovers crowd. didnt do to much for me. sad the extra disk was actually way better than the album. i am the disco infultrator for sure! ha",0,0,"Apr 13, 2005"
9,"I like the free flow thinking",0,0,"Jan 11, 2006"
9,"this is a great album i love lisening to it",0,0,"Dec 19, 2006"
9,"Premier Punk-funk that is simply too much fun to ignore. There's more than a little nostalgia with referfences to New Order, Talking Heads, Gang of Four, and many, many more.",0,0,"Sep 24, 2006"
8,"Stretching over 2 discs and containing a solid 100 minutes of music, you can expect a few shortfalls, especially considering that it's a debut. What makes LCD Soundsystem's self-titled debut so special thought that it doesn't tread the middle ground - it goes for excellent or bust, and mostly succeeds.",0,0,"Feb 21, 2011"
8,"LCD Soundsystem is a great album. Each track sounds great. It's a mix between punk to electro to funk to just down-right rock. It's a perfect blend of all those genre's. 'Yeah (Crass Version)' is the standout track. All In All, LCD Soundsystem is not as good as Sound Of Silver, but it's a good early stuff by one of the best indie bands out there. B+",0,0,"Mar  1, 2011"
8,"Excellent debut from the dance rock James Murphy vehicle. One of the most striking things about the record is the range of styles present - dance, punk rock, White Album psychedelic rock, all present and accounted for.  Opener 'Daft Punk..' is a fitting tribute to the masked dance outfit, up tempo, quirky and essentially catchy. 'Tribulations' has a clubbing feel to it - its a sound hard to pin down but is definitely familiar - for some reason Primal Scream pops into my head. 'Movement' sees LCD Soundsystem go for a thumping trash punk feel before the band essentially cover The Beatles 'Dear Prudence' with 'I'm Never As Tired As When I'm Waking Up'. The second half of the album is very much set in EDM mode, with the tracks gradually built up around grooves and beats  over reasonably long stretches. A great introduction to the band who would go from strength to strength over the course of their studio career and following albums.",0,0,"Dec 23, 2015"
3,"Being very introspective music, it is important to like the soul that is communicating to u - I don't. He sounds depressed, weak, timid, cold, pathetic and alienated from humanity. As for the music, it might be beautiful if they would only build the tempo up into an uplifting chorus, but they never do. Maybe I just lack an appreciation for minimalist synth-pop?",0,1,"Nov  8, 2006"
10,"took a few listens before I got it, but it's not left the stereo since",0,0,"Jul 26, 2004"
9,"One of the year's best. Makes me proud to be canadian. My 9 is not bias in any way......well maybe just a little bit.",0,0,"Aug  1, 2004"
5,"This album is just way too spank!",0,0,"Aug  2, 2004"
9,"This album is a beauty. The Junior Boys fuse electro with rnb and hints of timbaland-esque beats to concot a sound so melodic that it almost brigs tears to your eyes...or in other cases, sets your pants on fire...",0,0,"Feb  7, 2005"
9,"Awesome, just saw them at the Bowery Ballroom!!",0,0,"May  5, 2005"
8,"I've only listened to it a few times, but it's definitely a slice of unique and tasty synth-pop -- in places a bit like an electroclash update of the Blue Nile. One quibble -- the vocals are mixed too low for my tastes on several tracks. Or maybe I'm just going deaf?",0,0,"Oct 29, 2004"
9,"instantly enticing sound but also a real grower - the emptiness is a strength",0,0,"Jun 22, 2004"
9,"I feel bubbly...engulf in a whirlwind of serenity...this is an amazing cd",0,0,"Jul 24, 2004"
3,"Mediocre, really. No way as interesting as The Rapture or The Earlies.",0,0,"Jul 27, 2004"
9,"Very good.",0,0,"Aug 16, 2004"
10,"This is the best record of the year so far; well, at least if would be Loretta Lynn hadn't released her masterpiece this year, but it's definitely #2. Wonderful beatgazing that gets better every time you hear it, should mark an era in a similar way that DJ Shadow's Endtroducing did.",0,0,"Sep 19, 2004"
9,"S. Gold can drink my liquid gold. Sorry, that was cheesy. But still, you are a fool. This isn't Joe Pernice dude. Lyrics are not what makes the song in this case; it's all about the smoothness and chilled-out danceablilty of the production. Definitely one of the ten best albums of 2004 and still souds amazing two years later.",0,0,"Aug 29, 2006"
10,"Absolutely fantastic and I liked the follow-up even better.",0,0,"Aug 10, 2007"
9,"Overall it's great. The minimal production adds much-needed sheen and elegance to the tired synth-pop formula, and parts, like the beautiful sighs of the title track, take your breath away. But the juxtaposition of quiet, breathy vocals and almost dancefloor-oriented beats sometimes creates an uncomfortable juxtaposition; it's almost as if there's no perfect place to listen to this record. I'd love for this to be a record to listen to quietly with headphones in the dark, but the sudden stabs of synth often jar me out of the state of total relaxation I feel the album is trying to create. However, the second disc from the US version is absolutely sublime: Unbirthday clears away layers from the original birthday, stripping it down to its beautiful core, and the two remixes are the finest songs I've heard in 2004. So that's an 8 for the first disc and a 10 for the second.",0,0,"Sep  9, 2007"
9,"It does sound bit cold but its more of dark ambient atmosphere...I dont see anything wrong on that! That's the way they told their story, I accepted and found this CD totally admirable! Everyone should spent more time with this one. Start with 'Teach me how to fight'!",0,0,"Apr  1, 2008"
10,"the songwriting and production single this out as one of the most important albums of the decade. people won't realise this for years",0,0,"Nov 14, 2004"
2,"I'm with chad b on this - it's some bloke singing along to a drum machine right?",0,0,"Oct 29, 2004"
9,"A wonderful pastiche of 80s synth-pop, r'n'b, and garage, but not sounding like simply a copy of it's influences, Last Exit is the best album of 2004 so far.",0,0,"Jun 23, 2004"
10,"best album I've heard in years",0,0,"Jun 28, 2004"
10,"The best since colder mathew dear goldfrapp better",0,0,"Jan 10, 2005"
10,"Best album I have heard this year!",0,0,"Dec 16, 2005"
10,"The best album I've heard in years",0,0,"Mar  5, 2005"
7,"Alltogether it is good music",0,0,"May 20, 2005"
1,"I tried to like the album, but it sucks not even a good song. Have they even heard of songwriting? It's so sloppy the song lyrics not sexy but terrible, it's an embaresment for IDM or techno or electronica or whatever you call. Beats aren't good or interesting in the least.",0,0,"Jan  3, 2006"
10,"Perfect",0,0,"Jul 18, 2006"
10,"Fantastic. Minimal, electronic with depth and emotion.",0,0,"Sep  7, 2007"
6,"This cd is a bit spank(to steal from another reviewer), but it is kinda good. The depth is a bit shallow but it is listenable. I am not a big dance music fan as i find it too patronizing for the sake of beats as opposed to intellect. I bought it but am not too excited about the follow up. What am i missing here. Why does this rate so damn high???",0,0,"Nov 16, 2004"
7,"A good production, but I find it to cold, to boring sometimes.",0,0,"Dec 26, 2004"
9,"a classic not of it's time",0,0,"Aug 24, 2004"
9,"Great surprise--no doubts about the talent in this band. Evocative of so many others (Sea&Cake, Human League, etc.) yet entirely its own sound. Intelligent lyrics (missed by some...?) and funky grooves...looking forward to more!!!",0,0,"Jan 23, 2005"
10,"fantatic",0,0,"May 29, 2006"
3,"just really, really really dull - can't understand why it got such good reviews when there is so much more interesting (electronic) music out there.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2007"
10,"Gorgeous album. The stark, sorrowful style is one of the most original things to happen in dance music and all of music this year.",0,0,"Dec 26, 2004"
10,"A truly amazing album, one of my all-time favorites in fact. I really love the sound that Junior Boys have crafted here. It's so unique and interesting, but at the same time so entrancing that I could listen to this for hours on end. The electronic production is amazing, and Jeremy Greenspan's smooth voice compliments it well. Last Exit has a nice dark atmosphere that's so easy to get lost in, and it flows from song to song effortlessly. Even 12 years after its release it still sounds wonderful and fresh.
Standout tracks: Teach Me How To Fight!!!, Birthday, More Than Real",0,0,"Mar 18, 2016"
10,"I love that this album is so diverse and open to so many different genres.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2004"
10,"finally, an album that dares to be fresh and different in the world of the cookie cutter albums. JC doesnt rely on big names ? just big talent. a must-own. you won't skip a single track.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2004"
10,"finally, an album that dares to be fresh and different in the world of the cookie cutter albums. JC doesnt rely on big names ? just big talent. a must-own. you won't skip a single track.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2004"
10,"JC out did himself on this album! This baby is HOTT! Jace you have ONE forever fan!!!!",0,0,"Feb 27, 2004"
9,"JC has impressed me wih his debut solo effort. Schizophrenic is an eclectic blend of pop, rock, r&b, and hip hop influenced songs. What would a review of JC's album be without a comparison with Justin's Justified. In my opinion, Schizophrenic is a much better album that is more daring and diverse that Justin's album.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2004"
10,"A great cd that shows a lot of versatility in styles and range. Highly recommended.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2004"
9,"I love the diversity and familiarity of this album. I think for his first attempt at going solo he's done a great job. It's off the hook.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2004"
10,"Justin who? Schizophrenic is just that. It has a little bit of everything. JC shows that Justin is not the only one who can get his groove on. He also takes more of a risk with this cd than Justified did. He proves he has what it takes to bring it to the next level. With songs like '100 Ways' to 'Shake It' to 'Mercy' you will be impressed with his talent as a songwriter and a vocalist.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2004"
10,"This cd rocks....go out and pay it...even if you didn't really think (some girls) was that great...but the rest of the cd is cool. BUY IT!",0,0,"Feb 25, 2004"
10,"This is a MUST have CD! From the high energy, rockin songs such as '100 ways' and 'Mercy' to the poetic ballads 'Dear goodbye' and 'Lose myself', you will not be short handed. JC Chasez did well above what was expeected from his first solo album. Congrats JC, for a job well done!",0,0,"Feb 27, 2004"
10,"I was waiting for JC's CD for years (since those times when he didn't even consider to make one ;)) I love his voice, I like his eclectic taste in music. His solo album exceeded all my hopes. My favorite songs are: 100 Ways, Shake It, Come To Me, Everything You Want. (It won't be released here (in Russia), so people have to buy his CD from Amazon though it would be much better to have chance to bue it in one of the nearest stores...)",0,0,"Feb 28, 2004"
9,"The album is good with only a few mess-ups here or there. The best song is 'All Day Long I Dream About Sex' and 'Dear Goodbye'. The worst is 'One Night Stand' but over all a good album. DEFINATLY BETTER THEN JUSTIN TIMBERLAKES",0,0,"Feb 28, 2004"
10,"I thought the album, was amazing.! I loved it, from a taste of electronica, to dance, to sweet ballads, JC proved that he could successfully go solo. Not that I had any doubt.",0,0,"Feb 26, 2004"
10,"Great album!",0,0,"Feb 29, 2004"
9,"JC proves his talent on this record! His voice is beautiful and he can sing along to ne top of song... rock or pop he can do it!!",0,0,"Feb 28, 2004"
10,"Great album! Great music! Amazing vocals!",0,0,"Feb 28, 2004"
10,"It rox!!!! I understand that everyone has their own opinions, and this is mind. I will always appreciate how hard JC has to work to get out of the boy-band perspective, this album does that for him.",0,0,"Mar  1, 2004"
9,"A pleasant surprise....sexy, vibrant and ecclectic (not the first time that word's been used here) so it challenges you to listen to it. As an artist, he outclasses JT because this CD sounds more like a creation; less an attempt to make hit records (good for you, JC). Chasez' vocals are better and more versatile than people think ('100 Ways', 'Dear Goodbye'), so don't let the first single fool you. He's just getting warmed up.",0,0,"Mar  1, 2004"
8,"A fun album that crosses many boundries. A lot better than I was expecting.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2004"
9,"This album is a great one to listen to from beginning to end. All the tracks are so different, you could play it like a mix cd.",0,0,"Feb 29, 2004"
7,"This is a pretty good solo project for JC. Its different than nsync, which is good. Its a good solo start for JC.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2004"
9,"The only negative thing I have to say about this album is that it does run a bit long. Other than that, this is an incredibly strong solo effort, full of fun, innovative songs that build upon the styles of the '80s, and translate them to the club floor of today. Chasez really proves that he can hack it alone, if he must.",0,0,"Feb 29, 2004"
10,"It RULES!!",0,0,"Feb 27, 2004"
10,"This album is the best thing i have heard in years . I can't believe the variety Jc is putting out It is wonderful",0,0,"Feb 27, 2004"
10,"This album is very eclectic and has such a unique sound that will set JC apart into somethin new...Im definitely Lovin it.",0,0,"Feb 29, 2004"
10,"It was with great anticipation that I went to buy Schizophrenic on the release date. Honestly, I had high expectations, but I was also a bit doubtful of JC, not because he's not talented, but because I KNEW he was going to be compared to the other *NSYNC member that released an album last year. That said, the album is AMAZING, and I'm not exaggerating. Songs like100 Ways, Build My World, Everything You Want, Come To ME and Everything You Want are the highlights of the CD. Truth be told, there is not one song that you'd want to skip (maybe track #2), and that's something you don't get on every CD, especially now a days. So, it is with great pride and joy that I say, I AM A JC FAN, and darn it, I'm comfortable saying that, despite me being a guy.",0,0,"Mar  5, 2004"
9,"I didnt expect to love this cd as much I have. It really is an outstanding album.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2004"
10,"Varied and versatile. Cohesive vision of artistic growth. Aims high and soars! Perfect for getting your freak on!",0,0,"Feb 29, 2004"
10,"The album is amazing. The album is electic and it has something for everyone and the ballads are wow, it gets me everytime i listen to it.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2004"
8,"No regrets in buying this CD. I love it!!!!",0,0,"Mar  5, 2004"
10,"High energy, sexy, and just makes you wanna get up and shake it!",0,0,"Mar 19, 2004"
0,"now honestly, who gives a .... about boyband members ? this cd sucks, its bubblegum not music",0,0,"Mar 27, 2004"
10,"Okay, this album defines greatness. There is only one song that requires the skip button and that's 'Mercy' mainly because it sounds so much like the others. But, '100 Ways', 'Lose Myself'. & 'One Night Stand' are great! I'm always busting some moves to this cd!",0,0,"Mar 31, 2004"
10,"this album is fantastic! I just lose myself whenever I hear his songs! With his pure voice, good looks, ecstatic songs, who would ever resist him?? I love it... You rock JC! Forever!",0,0,"May  9, 2004"
10,"Awsome dance album!!",0,0,"Jul 30, 2004"
10,"jc's album schizophrenic is one of the best albums i have listened to in quite awhile. he takes so many different sounds of music and combines them into one giant masterpiece...",0,0,"Aug 13, 2004"
10,"It's awesome!",0,0,"Sep 22, 2004"
10,"Just to set the record straight on some of the negative reviews on the top (especially the one referring to Chasez as Chavez). I found that this album is 500 times better than Justified! I was only pleased by 3 songs on Justified compared to all 17 songs on Schizophrenic. As a person who has been a fan of Joshua, I know that all the 'sex' songs on the album are playful and have no meaning whatsoever. The title 'schizophrenic' is used to describe the whole album. While many may see the album as 'sex crazed', I for one see an album that has a diverse background. While JT decided to use Timberland, Stevie Wonder and the Neptunes, Joshua opted to use Bassment Jaxx, BT, Tony Lucca and Alex Griggs. I think that this album (unlike Justified where JT went after the urban crowd) is for people who love music that was around during the late 80's early 90's. The only reason JT got so much publicity was because he told people how Britney lost her virginity and the song 'Cry me a river' accompanied by the video with a Brit look-alike. Unlike JT (who is obviously childish), JC didn't use his past relationships to gain publicity. He has more talent then 99% of what's 'in' (the music scene). I for one see that this man will have a great voice for many years and a loyal following for even more. Considering I have been a fan of his since MMC (at 11 years old I discovered JC on MMC and still to this day support him in anything he chooses, and I've met him and I will tell you he treats all his fans, with so much love and attention its overwhelming at times).",0,0,"Sep 30, 2004"
10,"It's awesome, alot of the song are real music. Take the time to listen to it and you'll realize that.",0,0,"Nov 22, 2004"
10,"One of the most hippest albums up to date.... Jc covers a wide range of styles ... from 80's to 2004's ... Every one will find a favorite track on this album. Great album ... Great voice.",0,0,"Mar  6, 2004"
10,"its the best album i have ever heard",0,0,"Feb 27, 2004"
10,"Different than what is out there today.Emotion is evident in the songs.This is a man where music is his life.I love this album.Awesome visuals in the songs and metaphors.",0,0,"Feb 28, 2004"
10,"i love this cd! it fits what ever mood i'm in and it's just the best music i've bought in awhile.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2004"
10,"i love this album. my favorite songs on it are 100 ways, build my world & dear goodbye. i can't wait to hear jc is going to make another album, i love his music so much!!!!!",0,0,"Feb 28, 2004"
10,"i love this album so much.it puts me in such a good mood everytime i listen to the song.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2004"
10,"amazing!",0,0,"Feb 27, 2004"
10,"this cd rock i haven't been able to stop listening to it.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2004"
10,"LOVE THIS ALBUM!! JC has really shown what he can do, and I absolutely adore it.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2004"
7,"Honestly, joyfully derivative. Tunes you remember from way back when, but only because they were and still are good. The singing is great on ballads and adequate on most of the rest. Pretty good for a pop CD.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2004"
10,"this is one of the best albums i have heard in a long time! JC has come a long way since his MMC days! he appeals to a wide audience.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2004"
0,"JC Chasez should be castrated. He sucks; what a disgrace to music!",0,0,"Sep 18, 2004"
9,"You'd be crazy not to like this. 100 ways and ADDIDAS are some of the best songs I've heard ever.",0,0,"Dec 30, 2004"
1,"The only thing worse than the music is the embarrassingly bad album cover. What is the deal with 1) the straightjacket; 2) the four other images behind him; and 3) the awful haircut? I know it's supposed to relate to the album, but gimme a break, he looks like Little Nicky.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2005"
10,"It's awesome, just wonderful",0,0,"Nov 14, 2005"
0,"The title itself is degrading to actual schizophrenics and people with mental illness. Obviously this lame prat thinks its cute, while not even considering that there are people out there with that disease who actually are suffering. But apparently he didn't bother to do his homework, based on the lack of gravity of the disease he possesses. Obviously he is not schizophrenic; making his album title 'Schizophrenic' is, in its truth, the equivalent of 'Cancer Patient' or another severe disease. Schizophrenia is not an exception. It is a disease. So is cancer. People and their families suffer from it; so is the same with cancer. Also, Chasez promotes misinformation of what is already a highly misunderstood idea. And if JC, had, again, done his homework, he might actually know (and what a BIZARRE notion that is) that not all schizophrenics are locked up somewhere in straight jackets.",0,0,"Jan 24, 2006"
9,"A surprisingly excellent CD. This is the CD Justified should have been...adventurous, eclectic, and sexy. Hopefully Chasez will follow it up soon.",0,0,"Dec  6, 2006"
0,"Derivative, weak, substanceless, and insipid are the words that should really describe this album....I couldn't quite believe the woman singing such naive unsophisticated lyrics was actually 36 y/o....shocking! it defintely does not deserve such praise as it has got here. Kylie's Grammy win was a joke too, with such a weak album that so obviously was rushed they had to give it to here to get America interested again. Unfortunately this stands as Minogue's worst recording....EVER!",1,1,"Aug  2, 2004"
9,"Kylie Minogue is not oversexed but undeniably sultry and seductive. Although this album lacked some spark in the US, Body Language is a masterpiece of dance, seduction, catchy beats and perfect production. There is nothing dramitically done with her genuine voice in the age of pop stars being made by computers. While her voice doesn't boast the power of fellow pop star divas like P!nk and Christina Aguilera she inevitably can still churn out one of the best dance/pop albums of 2004. Fantastic.",0,0,"Feb 10, 2007"
10,"Fantastic!",0,0,"Jul 17, 2008"
10,"kylie did a great jobs on this cd it has it beats and it's lyrics it is very good i love it.",0,0,"Oct  7, 2004"
10,"If you think of reliving the 'fever' era, think twice... This petitie lady shows she's got more to offer and here to stay. 'Slow' shines with it's simplicity.'Red blooded woman' hits with the right notes, moves and do watch the sizzling MTV. Considering her most recent win of 'Dance record of the year' at the grammy fighting against Madonna and other strong contenders - she is not only fluff but more than meets the eye.",0,0,"Feb 10, 2004"
10,"yerr groove to sweet music, or relax to loving days!",0,0,"Feb 12, 2004"
2,"There is little of artistic merit on here. She has nothing to say either. An insubstantial collection of pop pap.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2007"
6,"One of her best, although she really needs to grow up and stop thinking about money. She is definetely a singles artist, and her only great album was Impossible Princess, since then its been all about making commercial pop/dance songs. She wrote very few of these tracks, so she can not claim credit for the experimental tracks here. It gets a 6 because of Slow - her best ever single, and a few tracks towards the end. Her best since IP (8/10) but that still isnt saying much",0,0,"Jan 25, 2007"
8,"Those expecting Fever Part 2 will be very let down. However, if it's a sassy, classy album, full of fun and shiney noises then this is the one for you. Forget your expectations and judge this collection of songs on their own merits, you'll really enjoy it. HONEST!! :o)",0,0,"Aug 23, 2005"
10,"This being Kylie's 9th album, it's fair to say that things keep getting better. Body Language has so many irresistble songs that's impossible not to love.",0,0,"Feb 14, 2004"
10,"Wow! This album proves that Kylie keeps on getting better with every album released by her so far! I never expected another album to be as good as Fever but it looks like Kylie has done it again! Though Body Language may not surpass Fever in many ways, it is still on par with it! A great album!!!",0,0,"Jun 12, 2004"
10,"Some of her best work.",0,0,"Feb 28, 2008"
10,"Its one of the Kylies best , 'ever', much more mature, crative and fresh. Timeless, it is the bridge to connect  America (even south)  with her. Her creativity never ends.",0,0,"Oct  2, 2012"
6,"The album brought a more R&B sound with the goal of Kylie Minogue to remain in the US market after the success of the album 'Fever'. However, the style did not match with Minogue, even though she was a complete artist to suit different styles.",0,0,"Apr  8, 2015"
9,"Awesome lyrics. Blend of Latin and english sound. It makes them unique. Great beat and vibe that makes the crowd go crazy!!!!!!! Each time they are getting better and making a statement with their own identity.",0,0,"May 23, 2005"
8,"This time kinky sounds more like a band and has polished his identity. However this album fails to integrate kinky's essence of grooving with English lyrics.",0,0,"Jan  3, 2004"
9,"Excellent cd; I'm very glad I pursued this band three months after first hearing them. Kinky has some serious flavor, yo.",0,0,"Jul 14, 2004"
10,"it's the most original music in the world of music!!",0,0,"Dec 11, 2003"
10,"Sexy, soothing and inspired. The first album Britney delivered that was a great pop album. It sounded current and modern.. It still does - 8 years later.",5,5,"May 24, 2011"
8,"Totally not a Britney fan but received CD as a pink elephant gift at a Christmas party. Listened to it and was suprised. While she is not endowed with the voice of some of her peers, she managed to put out an album that is fun and different. If someone else's name was on the album I probably would have bought it myself. True, it's not great art but who cares? If I wanted great art I'd listen to Beethoven but if I want to actually enjoy myself I may just listen to this CD,",1,1,"Jan  6, 2004"
7,"The last official track of this album, 'Everytime' with it's music box melody and Spears' whispy delivery has to be one of the most beautiful ballads ever composed, which was surprisingly mostly written by Britney herself. This is (at least to my knowledge) a big first step for Britney, as she's been mocked for being anything but an actual artist by other musicians in the industry. 'In the Zone' is a declaration; she completely sheds her bubblegum pop image and sings of random sexual encounters, late night clubbing, and masturbation. Standouts on this album are the sexy 'Breathe On Me', 'Toxic', and the Madonna duet 'Me Against the Music'. This coming from someone who thought they would never consider having a Britney Spears album in their collection, it says something about the disc. Half the addiction is the amazing production work. Without it, 'In the Zone' would probably fail to impress half as much, as the lyrics are not inventive or thought provoking enough to merit a seond look. But whatever it's flaws, 'In The Zone' is really very good, and though she's not even close to being Bjork or Garbage (Think 'beautifulgarbage' here), Britney's closer to being considered an actual artist.",1,1,"Jun 18, 2005"
9,"This is the album that 'Britney' should have been. This is a leap for Britney, and it's a leap in the right direction. It's hard to label this album as one particular type of music, but it's impulsiveness is sure to lease an enormaous fan base. Some of the more techno beats you've been hearing about belong to Breathe on Me and Touch of My hand. Showdown is by far one of the best songs Britney could possibly have mastered, mixing her usual sulty-whispering voice, with an incredible hook and melody, not to mention the power in her vocals. Which leads me to mention the catchiest track, Toxic. For ONCE, Britney takes a powerful stance on er position as the force behind the album. I hear she won't release it as a single, which is the wrong choice. It's a powerful song. Te less intresting songs, I'm sorry to say, are the ballads, Everytime and Shadow. While Everytime is linked to that ex of hers, most of us would like to move past that, and the song isn't all that intresting, though a bit haunting, which is something new. Shadow has a certain Kelly Clarkson feel, which isn't usual Britney either. Brave New Girl is very New-Pop with a nice rythem. Two more let downs are Outrageous and The hook Up. They're just, well, boring.",1,1,"Nov 18, 2003"
9,"With overtreated misogynistic pap by such overrated 'bands' as Wilco, Flaming Lips, and Radiohead, it's nice to see a poweful, prominent woman figure put out wonderfully convoluted yet catchy tunes! Go Britney!",1,1,"Nov 23, 2003"
10,"wow amazing",1,1,"Nov 19, 2003"
10,"I love this album and the fact that Britney actually put some effort into it. In the Zone is, in my opinion, her magnum opus, although most people prefer Blackout over it. My favourite tracks are Toxic and Touch of My Hand!",1,1,"Sep  2, 2012"
10,"One of Britney's most amazing albums. the tracks are amazing with great vocals, beats, and lyrics. standouts include Me Against The Music, I Got That (Boom Boom), Breathe On Me, Toxic,and Outrageous. There could have been at least another ballad.... but hey? It's mostly dance so it's all good!",1,1,"Dec 21, 2012"
10,"A Major Comeback From Britney! Another Amazing Album! Toxic, Shadow, And Everytime Are Timeless!",1,1,"Mar 24, 2013"
10,"Easily one of Britney Spears' best albums. (JK It is her best!) With the taste of your lips I'm on a ride, you're toxic I'm slippin' under...THE LEGENDARY MISS BRITNEY SPEARS",1,1,"Nov  4, 2013"
9,"In The Zone  o lbum mais ousado de Britney. Considerado o melhor lbum de Britney para muitos fs, s perde para o Blackout. In The Zone  um lbum muito interessante, com muitos instrumentos que eram usados na Idade Mdia. As letras so muito ousadas e sexuais, menos nas faixas 'Brave New Girl' a faixa mais dispensvel do lbum, e 'Everytime' uma balada muito bonita, mas que foge totalmente do conceito do lbum.  um timo lbum, e nenhuma msica  chata, todas tem seu brilho.",1,1,"Sep  6, 2014"
10,"amazing album",1,2,"Jun  8, 2006"
0,"Disgusting!! Crude awful and gross. Britney and One More, were flirty and fun, this is just dead and off-putting
Not even any really nice melodies. Like some idiots playing with a computer program with a bunch cheap effects.
The best song is hold it against me, were a fine chorus barely survives an onslaught of special effects.
Dead, gross, dumb.",1,3,"Nov 27, 2013"
2,"This cd falls flat in my opinion. There are some good beats, 'breathe on me' and 'toxic' but the vocals are incredibly weak and processed. The moaning and 'sexy talking' is so overdone in this album its ridiculous. This is supposed to be a 'grown up' album, but instead it sounds more like the work of a rebellious teen. 'Hey look at me I wrote a song about masterbation' Is that supposed to be cutting edge? There is no substance or heart to this album. Even the attempt at the ballad is weak. When will aritists understand that the sluttier they become, the less and less intriguing they are. Sex sells but in this case, its definately not selling her new album.",1,4,"Jan 20, 2004"
0,"It sucks just like the rest of her cds",0,3,"Mar  3, 2004"
3,"Britney Spears is a Wanna-Be-Madonna-and we all know there is only one Madonna. She couldn't sell the album on her own-so that's why she had Madonna on it. She can't even explain her songs to the public-like on Diane Sawyer-touch of my hand-give me a break. She doesn't really have a good voice either.",0,2,"Nov 20, 2003"
3,"The ballads are horrible. Best song, by far, is Toxic--cool arangement, and her breathy singing actually complements the song. Otherwise, there are some weak attempts to snag some of Madonna's 'Erotica' and 'Ray of Light' mojo. She sounds unconvincing, through and through. But, you can dance to it....",0,2,"Jan 30, 2004"
0,"how is that slut gonna say anything about christina when she's such a big fat slut that nobody likes .Christina is just being herself not some wanna be madona bitch crack whore",0,1,"Jan  8, 2004"
0,"You suck britney!!!!! Arggghhh kill the bitch!",0,1,"Jan  9, 2004"
0,"u suk britney! dont buy this cd. ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww. shes such a bad singer",0,2,"Feb 25, 2004"
2,"There are 2 good songs on this album and they are Toxic and Everytime. The rest are tired after one listen.",0,3,"Aug 11, 2004"
0,"Its stupid why would you even listen to an arist that doesnt write her own songs, you must be retarded to like this.",0,1,"Jan 26, 2005"
0,"She Sucks so badly and with such commetment that I give her -10. What the hell she thinks???? She is selling music or trying to get people notice that she is a girl too by exhibiting her body!!!!!!!!!!!",0,2,"Oct  4, 2005"
4,"Disappointing. Tends to the atonal, when she should be sticking to her hook-heavy hits.",0,1,"Nov 18, 2003"
3,"If You like Hilary Duff, then this is the album you have to buy, because it was made by her teacher. Britney takes the teen pop too far to get her albums even worse than Duffs. 'Toxic' makes the album worth a little more, but thats it.",0,1,"Mar 13, 2004"
0,"she 's A rip-off aritst",0,1,"Sep 24, 2005"
0,"Oh my goodness, this album is pure crap. It's as if Ms. Spears keeps getting worse and worse. She needs to step it up I mean she's filthy rich, take some vocal lessons or learn to play an instrument. Please do something cause this same shit is getting old.",0,1,"Nov 17, 2003"
0,"Pure ass.",0,1,"Nov 18, 2003"
0,"I loved her three previous albums, but this is one of the worst cd's I have ever heard. This album doesn't even deserve a zero rating, more like a -2.",0,1,"Nov 19, 2003"
5,"It was a dissapointment; however I do like Toxic.",0,2,"Nov 22, 2003"
4,"I've never been a huge BRITNEY FAN FREAK, and I never buy an artists album JUST BECAUSE they're the biggest selling, or most popular. I have been one to hear a spears song and put it on repeat because it's a decent catchy listen. Then a month passes, and it's deserved old news. I will admit that this CD does have a few tracks that are bearable. However, over all, this latest release from the POP QUEEN is quite disapointing---however VERY predictable. I wasn't expecting a powerful, deep, respectable album from this GIRL who is obviously trying too hard...to prove what?...I don't know. I would be disapointed if someone like Christina Aguilera managed to produce something like this album. That's because SHE HAS TALENT, and I have EXPECTATIONS because of her vocal ability, and heart that she's known to put in her songs. But for the less gifted Miss Spears, I just download to see what her GIMIC and IMAGE and MARKETING TEAM has thrown together this time. And I see that they're trying to direct her path in this overly sexual musical pop scene so that she comes in first place in the race for 'I'm a big girl now' between the 'blonde princess' that is still occuring to this day. When it comes to the actual content of the album, it's as meaningless and artifical as Britney herself. The talk of 'shopping sprees', 'passed out AGAIN', 'getting a little messy', 'can't be like that anymore', 'shaking my ass' , 'hooking up at the hotel', seems to be clearing up all the rumors very well. Letting everyone know that it's TRUE britney is just an immature wanna be grown up who ENJOYS and ENDULGES in the fast, messy, sexually paced life of a 'star'. I've heard statements that people from her home town, in Kentwood Louisiana are quite ashamed with britney's latest behavious, especially her former pastor. And it is shown that they very well should be. The entire SONG itself 'Early Mornin'' let's us all know what a loose human being she is...but the jamacian rap in the end shows that she's let go of her southern roots and decided to do things that 'you don't wanna know' with whom every she wants. And the kiss with Madonna alone (not to mention her disgusting girl on girl acts while showcasing her new album live) once again enforces the fact that she's let go of her faith and wholesome upbringing in the south. But hey, that's the kind of stuff the media just EATS UP...so of course, these nauseating duties will be done by brit with PLEASURE I'm sure. Lastly, I'll speak specifically on the technical side of the album. Aside from the press, the rumors, the IMAGE, and everything else that surrounds the promotion of this latest release...it still remains a fact that Britney has LIMITED vocal ability, and got a lucky break with her pretty face and high energy to please. Truth is, she can't sing. She can moan, she can giggle, she can breath heavily, she can talk in a seductive manner, but SINGING inself she sees as not so much a nessesity, but an option for this album. Once again, this is a tool to promote her 'sex drive' and hide the fact that she got singed in the first place for marketing and money making purposes rather than a strong voice. Songs like 'Touch of my Hand', 'Early Mornin'', 'Showdown', 'Toxic', and 'Breath on Me' are MUSICALLY well done, but with Britney's weak and thin vocals, the songs just become annoying. I'm SURE that this album will sell millions, and fans will scream at the top of their lung with praise for this Girl. But in the end when we all look back at this FIGURE, this PRODUCT, this THING we all call 'Britney Spears', it will all boil down to fluff. Nothing honest, nothing mature, no depth, no reason, no soul. Just something we will scratch our heads at and think , 'where is this world headed when a girl like britney is what every young female wants to emulate?'",0,1,"Nov 22, 2003"
0,"she ruins songs with her stupid childish voice and all that moaning. she needs to get over that and grow up.",0,1,"Nov 25, 2003"
0,"Britneys 1st and 2nd cd here huge sucesses because she had very good songs and she was pretty. Then her 3rd cd wasnt as successful and she lost fans because the songs sucked and she turned to a slut and a drug attict (she admitted to doing drugs and sleeping with justin and fred). Now no wonder a whole lot of people are dissing her and this cd now because shes even uglier and the songs are even crappier and this cd wont do half as well as her 3rd. Then she will come out with a 5th cd which will be very unsucessful and she will be even uglier and lose even more fans. Then she will have a 6th cd which will only sell like 10 copies and she will only have like 10 fans and she will be even uglier. Then she will quit her music career because no one likes her anymore and then she will say this 'What should I do now? I know! I will do what I wanted to do since my 3rd CD! Become a prostitute and become a drug attict again!' So she will do that again for about another year or two and then after that, you will find her dead behind a strip club after smoking too much crack and drinking too much alcohol. Then 10 years later, you will hear someone say this 'WHO THE HELL IS BRITNEY SPEARS?'",0,1,"Dec 11, 2003"
5,"eh, ive had better",0,1,"Jan 15, 2004"
5,"Much like Britneys other records this one definalty offers something more than boring, it offers good music that shouldn't be taken to seriously. After you've played the album you do feel somewhat let down, not because it's bad but because out the full track listing you want just a few more tracks that may surprise and delight you, but unfortunatly after the almost flawless tracks are over your left with the pinnacles of filler tracks, they may not be bad filler tracks, but they are what they are.",0,1,"Aug  7, 2011"
10,"Best album of the decade",0,1,"Nov 21, 2011"
4,"Her debute album was better.",0,1,"Feb 24, 2012"
10,"This is her best album, Breathe On Me is the best song in her career.",0,4,"Mar 23, 2012"
1,"Katy Perry bursts back onto the scene with her amazing second album that is full to the grim of the tongue-in-cheek atmosphere that got herkhkkjhjghjbnnnnn",0,1,"May  4, 2015"
10,"this album is fantastic ! the best yet.",0,0,"Jul  2, 2006"
9,"with a sexually charged album ending with a vulnerable and soft ballad, Everytime, Spears might be more talented and sensible than we thought. This is the first thing to better things for her.",0,0,"Dec 21, 2005"
10,"I shall vote her for ten points as her music is fantabulous and the way she blends her music is worth listening guess what will be her next album that will rock the whole world.",0,0,"Mar 20, 2005"
10,"Awesome",0,0,"Jun 30, 2006"
10,"Woo hoo Go Britney. She won her first grammy for Toxic. Just shows you that Britney is a true artist and likes to experiment with different sounds.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2006"
10,"This CD is AWESOME and it's best Britney's EVER done. I love every single song and I recomend it to everyone.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2003"
10,"This album is the best album that she has let out.. she has grown up and it is about time that people see that and leave her alone when she try's to grrow up.. nobody ever complained about Christina Aguilera trying to be ghetto!",0,0,"Dec  3, 2003"
10,"In the zone is the best Cd of Britney Spears!!!!",0,0,"Jan 10, 2004"
10,"every1 says how they hate Britney an ya no if christina bought out this album evry1 would b sayin how it was da best album but cos it's britney som1 has 2 complain!!!! Im nearly 13 and thought i was growing out of her music but this album proved me wrong!!! COM ON PEEPS GO OUT BYE THIS ALBUM U WONT B DISAPPOINTED!!!",0,0,"Jan 20, 2004"
9,"I have always enjoyed Britney's music, however I didn't become a huge fan until I listen to her last CD (britney). So, after much anticipation for her new ablum I was first in line to purchase In the Zone. As I listened to Britney I was far from dissapointed, each and every song is very unique and entertaining, quite different from her pervious albums. In the Zone proves how far Brintey has come and grown in her career and I hope to her much more from her in the future.",0,0,"Jan  2, 2004"
10,"I love it! All songs are great, Britney shows she's NOT a girl anymore.",0,0,"Jan  2, 2004"
9,"Many potential singles, 'Breathe On Me', and 'Touch of My Hand' are gr8!",0,0,"Jul 30, 2004"
10,"In the year of 2003 Britney returned to the music scene from her wild year of antics with the infamous MTV kiss with Madonna. In November 2003 Britney released her stunning Cd ?In The Zone?. Britney released her best album yet. She transformed herself from a sexy young teenager to a provocative young woman. In the Zone takes listeners though a journey of different styles of music. From Hard hitting dance tracks, to dirty ghetto Hip Hop to viby trance tracks to beautiful peaceful ballads. This album shows Britney at her best. This album made critics label her ?The New Madonna?. Me Against The Music ? This is the lead single from the album. It is the infamous duet featuring Madonna. It is a hard hitting club dance track any is very different from what is on the radios these days. The track is just about being in a club and being oblivious to everyone and freestyling. I couldn?t think of a better way for a come back song. Britney could have released a typical R&B track for her return, but she wanted to be unique. She has definetly succeeded. This is my 2nd Favourite track on the album and one of my favourite songs of all time. 10/10 (I Got That) Boom Boom ? This track is an Up-tempo Hip Hop track perfect for the clubs. The track has also has an Indian vibe to it. This track features the Ying Yang Twins, which gives the track a dirty ghetto, feel to it. This song is my 3rd Favourite song on the album, and is one of the best Hip Hop songs I have ever heard. 10/10 Showdown ? The famous UK producers Bloodshy & Avant produced this track. It is a great sexy dance track which features Britney whispering ?I don?t wanna be a tease. Would you undo my zipper please? This track is done very well. Again very unique. 9/10 Breathe On Me ? This song is very club-savvy orientated and is one of the most sensual tracks on the album. The song has a HOT beat and is reminiscent to Kylie?s Can?t Get You Out Of My Head. This track describes the intensity of a relationship so hot that they don?t even need to touch, just breathe. This is my Favourite track on the album and one of my favourite songs of all time. I can automatically see this song go #1 in Europe if it is released. 10/10 Early Mornin ? The second this track commences you will automatically know that it is Moby produced. This track is very sexy and has a trance feel to it. The song is very vibey and is about the next morning after a big night out. 8.5/10 Toxic ? This is the second single from the album which is produced by Bloodshy & Avant. The song is HOT and fits Britney perfectly. The track is a hard hitting dance track which could easily be used as the theme song to Alias or the next bond movie.This is the track responsible for rising her album sales all around the world. Critics are describing it the best song Britney has released since I?m A Slave For You. I love this track so much because of its uniqueness. 10/10 Outrageous ? This is a typical R&B penned track. The second the song commences you will automatically realise it is R Kelly produced. This song is again perfect for the clubs and has an Indian vibe to it. The chorus is very catchy. 10/10 Touch Of My Hard ?This is the most sensual song on the album. This song is a beautiful dance ballad reminiscent to Madonna?s The Power Of Goodbye & Janet?s That?s The Way Love Goes. This song is an ode to masturbation. The song is Britney?s most mature song to date and has a sexy vibe to it. This is definitely a stand out track on the album. 10/10. The Hook-Up ? Redzone, the famous team behind the Britney/Madonna duet, produced this track. This song has an R&B reggae feel to it and is fairly uptempo. This Is what we call a filler track and one of the less memorable on the album. 5/10 Shadow ? This track is a beautiful ballad produced by The Matrix. This is very reminiscent to Avril?s I?m With You. This track shows Britney?s vocals at its best. I personally think this is her best ballad since Don?t Let Me Be The Last To Know. 10/10 Brave New Girl ? This song brings back the days Britney was innocent. In every album she has to bring out the stupidness in her. She has done exactly that in this track. This track is very pop driven and could be used as the theme song to Legally Blonde. I personally think it is The worst song on the album and one of the worst songs I have ever heard. 1/10 The only reason I give it a 1 is because it is Britney. Every Time ? This song is very peaceful and pleasant. It tells the story of heartbreak. The track features a beautiful harmony and goes well with the mood of the sound. She sings in lower key although it fits the song perfectly. Again another brilliant ballad from Britney. 10/10 Me Against The Music (Remix) ? This is remix to the First Single. The song was remixed by Peter Rishi and an Indian vibe has been added to it. The song is still very clubby and is probably one of the best remixes I have ever heard. 10/10 The Answer ? This is the Australian bonus track and is produced by P Diddy. The song has an R&B mid tempo flow to it. I really liked this song, but I was disappointed at the same time. When I heard the idea of Britney & P Diddy working together I was expecting an up tempo R&B track, although it was completely the opposite. 9/10 Don?t Hang Up ? This is another Australian bonus track. The song is mid tempo and again has an R&B pop flow to it.This song is about Phone Sex. This song was produced by the same team behind Brave New Girl. I personally don?t like this song and think she should never work with Brian & Josh again. 3/10. ALL IN ALL I LOVE THIS CD AND I DON?T THINK IT COULD HAVE GOTTEN ANY BETTER. THIS ALBUM IS VERY UNQIUE AND IS BRITNEY?S BEST ALBUM SO FAR. OVERALL I GIVE IT A 10/10",0,0,"Aug  9, 2004"
10,"The Best Album of all time. With every album that she dose it just gets better and better, this album is aimed more at an older generation however it has songs that will make every person on the earth tap their feet to, Toxic britney 6 number one in the uk was by far the best song of 2004 and the video was noumber one in MTV Top 100 videos of 2004, Me Against the Music was britney's chance to sing along side the worlds other queen of pop Madonna, The song reached noumber 2 the uk single chart, i will just say noy that every song that britney has done since the Album Britney has reached 7 or more in the uk singles chart. Everytime was the most talk about video ever made by an artist this was because of the nature of the video , people saw britney in a bath going under with blood on her hands after a disagement with boyfriend, the song Also reached nomber 1 in the uk chart, So to end This A must have album for any pop dance fan a song for all can be found on this album *******************not enough stars to rate this album.",0,0,"Aug  9, 2005"
10,"amazing album",0,0,"Oct 25, 2006"
8,"Good stuff definetly a step up from the teenage pop and some of the stuff ws even more r&b but this album does not show up the vocal ability we all know she has!!",0,0,"Mar  7, 2006"
10,"This is Britney's best album. She is an incredible artist. Britney is a true performer and she doesn't bash other female artists like she's better than them. Britney is talented, real, beautiful, and humble. She is also giving. This album is amazing.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2006"
10,"Britney really delievered with this fantastic pop/ballads/techno/trance/rnb/reggae album!",0,0,"Jun 30, 2006"
10,"Sweet album. Britney is the queen of pop.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2006"
10,"Flawless album. Everytime is a beautiful well sung track and well written by Britney.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2006"
10,"she is a very talented lady people just need to give her a chance!!!",0,0,"Feb  6, 2008"
10,"Each song is amazing. Britney has put together a fierce, dance club party record. Thrown in are her 2 strongest ballads to date. Best Pop Album of the Year!",0,0,"Nov 18, 2003"
10,"Britney deserves some major credit for this album. It is soulful, catchy, sexual, and in my own opinion very very truthful. She continues to take risks and put her self out there. The CD has 'something for everybody' if you are into hip-hop check out 'Boom Boom', if its sexy and sultry music you like catch 'Touch of my Hand' or 'Breathe on Me'. For the techno rave crowd there is a bit of that mixed into everything, and for the tiny bopper pop kiddies there is still a touch of her old style. Be open minded. Don't be too harsh on Brit. Remember she makes music for us, her fans. Everything on this album, I am sure she gave her all to make. Even if you don't like the sound, at least give her some credit for effort and creativity.",0,0,"Nov 20, 2003"
0,"Oops, did I give it a zero? I meant to hit the -1 button. SUCKS!!!",0,0,"Nov 23, 2003"
6,"Hell, when is she going to pose for Playboy or Penthouse?! I mean, the music is right up there! Sooo liberated and sexual!! This record is so sensual, so bubbly, homogenized. I really dig 'breathe on me'. Good disco vibe. And 'early morning' is great. However, artisticlly, she's gotta stop pretending being Madonna!",0,0,"Nov 24, 2003"
10,"I thought it was an awesome album. I bought it the first day it came out and i listen to it everyday. I love her music. I like her way better that that slut christina aguilera. Britney Spears is a great artist!",0,0,"Dec 11, 2003"
2,"This cd was a good attempt for Britney. She's got some good moans, a new masturbation concept, and she even attempts to sing reggae. Even though she'll be able to remove some of the stupidity songs from her 'outrageous' songs by posing like a slut and dancing like a stripper, Britney should just take the playboy offer. They say third times a charm, but I guess she wasn't so lucky. Her vocals were just real sad...",0,0,"Dec 13, 2003"
10,"everybody who gave this CD a 0 is a jerk. im a 8 year -old kid and I think it's GREAT! I love you Britney!",0,0,"Dec 15, 2003"
10,"it's the best Britney album yet",0,0,"Dec 21, 2003"
0,"horrible cd!!",0,0,"Dec 25, 2003"
0,"you can just tell how desperate brit is for credibility, just by looking at the cover.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2003"
2,"yes... it's her best 'work' till now... so I'll give it 2....",0,0,"Jan 12, 2004"
10,"Okay Ya'll, for all those people who dissed on Brittany b/c you think she's a slut, well you are entitled to your own opinion. But! quite frankley, I'm sure half of ya'll never even listened to the CD! I sometimes think Brittany can be a little outrageous with her appearance, but thats why shes doin it in America! Her CD may not have the most 'meaningful' lyrics, but HELL, it makes me wanna get up off my feet, shake my ass, and dance the night away. I love almost every song on her new album. Toxic is one of my personal favorites (along with half the world)! I think she just took herself to a whole new level with this new CD. I'm definately looking forward to all new things to come from Brittany!",0,0,"Jan 18, 2004"
4,"meh id say its average. surprisingly most of the songs have a good beat but the vocals are really weak and the lyrics... haha umm yea. but i will say its fun to dance to!",0,0,"Jan  4, 2004"
0,"This CD suck!!! She is nothing but a pure ho. Some of the songs are about his her tuching her self and Moaning while she does it. Thats not music. Anyone can moan and put a beat behind it. She needs to do something with her life.",0,0,"Jan  7, 2004"
0,"3 words 'Don't buy it'",0,0,"Jan  9, 2004"
0,"She is nothing but a sick slut!!!!",0,0,"Jan  9, 2004"
0,"She needs to give it up for all our sakes.",0,0,"Jan  9, 2004"
10,"This album is her best! It's not a 10 its about a 12! Because there has not been a good album that every song is!! Good Work Britney!!",0,0,"Feb 16, 2004"
10,"This album rocks I listen to it almost every night.",0,0,"Mar 17, 2004"
9,"Is the best cd she has!!",0,0,"Mar  5, 2004"
7,"Im a huge fan of the pop princess. So like every other Britney fan, i bought this cd. When i played it, lets just say this has got to be the best album under the snake-wearing pop princess so far! Its really good! a mixture of different music styles.For some R & B, there's 'Outrageous', for hip-hop,'Me against the music', for some reggae,'showdown,the hook up,' for some slow jamz'early morning,shadow' for edgy rock techno'toxic,brave new girl' for some sweet ballad 'everytime' Go get it..britney fan or not, you'll be a fan in no time",0,0,"May 12, 2004"
10,"I like 'In the Zone', It's his Best CD. It has song very good... I love 'Touch of my hand', 'Breathe on Me'... It is very diferent to others Britney's songs",0,0,"May 25, 2004"
0,"Madonna's better at this.",0,0,"Jun  1, 2004"
10,"iT'S AWESOME",0,0,"Jul  5, 2004"
10,"Great Cd!!!",0,0,"Sep 12, 2004"
10,"this is a great cd, even if youre not a britney fan. you cannot deny that its catchy.",0,0,"Sep 14, 2004"
10,"its probebley THE B-E-S-T pop album of our time",0,0,"Nov  4, 2005"
10,"Almost too good to be true!",0,0,"Oct 25, 2005"
10,"Dyanamite! This is Britney's best cd yet, and she doesn't get the credit she deserves. The people who gave the cd a zero either have bad taste, or didn't even give it a chance. The cd is edgy, and makes you wanna hit the dance floor. It's definately one of my top favorite cd's of all time. Your missing out if you don't buy it.",0,0,"Feb 16, 2005"
6,"When they started out, Britney Spears and Christina Aguilera waged a war over who possessed the better voice. Now that that war is over, one can now (supposedly) judge Britney on her own. 'In The Zone' is meant to be a sexual stampede, a declaration of her full-fledged independence from her former princess image. The disc features an entourage of guests, most notably Madonna on 'Me Against the Music' and the Ying-Yang Twins on '(I've got that) Boom Boom', but like most guest appearances, they bring a little to the party, but not enough to make a difference. The most impressive thing here is the production, which undeniably saves the disc from a grim future. Britney's voice is the same as it ever was, nasly and suggestive, and her songwriting (she writes lyrics of her own?) on the beatuiful (yes, beautiful) track 'Everytime' is surprising. On most of the rest of the disc though, the lyrics are nothing special, come-ons and moaning. While Spears has definitely improved on the filler crap factor, she can't escape her old nemesis' shadow. Agilera's 'Stripped' of the year before may not feature production as hip-bouncingly good as 'Zone', but when Aguilera pens her own lyrics they are intelligent and fierce enough to be noticed; Britney's are....well, not. And did I mention that Aguilera won the war of the pipes by a landslide? It's enjoyable, but far from great.",0,0,"Jun 15, 2005"
10,"Great album to come back with. Britney hits such high points all over this album starting with Toxic, Everytime, Shadow, (I Got That) Boom Boom, and Outrageous. Hits all over the place. MATM with Madonna was a nice lead track to get people talking Britney esp after her performance with Madonna and Christina during the VMAs then choosing Toxic to show she's truely back followed by Everytime bringing her back to the slow tracks she does so well. Outrageous her 4th single was destined to be her next hit with the possibility of hitting a Top 25 or even Top 10 status failed due to the cancelation of her tour and the video due to an injury keeping her from completing the task. If Britney would have been able to do something different with any of the songs left as a closer it would have been a nice lead out before releasing her Greatest Hits album during the start of the 4th Quarter. In The Zone is basically one of Britney's best albums with promising hopes of continued music experimenting and excellent producers and writings from others and Britney herself.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2006"
10,"My favorite album. Until her next one that is. :)",0,0,"Jun 30, 2006"
10,"Britney is the best. Nuff said.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2006"
10,"My daughters love Britney. I also came to like her when I heard this album. It's funky, and she has spunk. She is one talented woman.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2006"
10,"Amazing! Britney is 'Simply Irresistable.'",0,0,"Jun 30, 2006"
10,"Woo hoo awesome. Words cannot describe this amazing album!",0,0,"Jun 30, 2006"
10,"Britney is my favorite female artist. I think that says enough.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2006"
10,"Britney is my homegirl!",0,0,"Jun 30, 2006"
10,"definitely britney's best album. it's so electronica, kinda reminescent of madonna's ray of light at some parts. it's ethereal and sexy and with some strong beats",0,0,"Aug 31, 2006"
10,"great album",0,0,"Aug 30, 2006"
9,"great album",1,1,"Jan 22, 2005"
2,"I struggle to come to terms with the critics on this one ?? I ahve been into everything these guys have produced to date as it has a resounding freshness to it but this cd ?? ,,,... Oh man it is terrible !! Once you get past the first 3 tracks it goes terribly wrong ..... I am all for experimentation and listen to all sorts of oddball stuff but this is just garbage !! SORRY JAXX BROTHES :) don't waste your time ..",0,1,"Oct 30, 2003"
10,"People who say this CD isn't as good as the Jaxx's previous work are absurd. This is the first good CD they've released in their catalog, previous Jaxx works were uninspired, uninteresting, insipid works of garbage. They've really spread their wings here, and surprised everyone with a CD both profound and groundbreaking. If this is the first Jaxx CD you haven't liked, you've got a lot to learn about what music is really all about.",0,1,"Nov  7, 2003"
10,"i like pie and Batman",0,1,"Dec 12, 2003"
3,"First 3 tracks are great but then it really struggles to capture me at all. Having been a fan for years and having bought all their releases to date and being somewhat of a fan it is sad to hear this release .. The magic is gone.",0,0,"Oct 21, 2003"
4,"'Good Luck' is a great Jaxx track.. beyond that, it seems the band is more interested in seeing how much they can jam into each track with no regard for hook or melody. It's rather how many new fans the band seems to be gathering with this release, which just drifts farther and farther away from much of what made them awesome to begin with. Welcome to Basement Jaxx v2: pull up a chair and chat with our trendy guest vocalists, beacuse there's not much point in dancing anymore.",0,0,"Jan 29, 2004"
7,"anything by basement jaxx is going to be 'good', of course, but unfortunately that's all this album turns out to be is 'good', not 'fantastic' or 'incredible' like their second or third offerings.",0,0,"Oct 20, 2003"
8,"Okay, not to be too much of a blurbmeister, but this is truly 'one of the year's best!' It's been over two years since Simon Ratcliffe & Felix Buxton brought the world their Rooty and longer since their Remedy but the Jaxx are back... and better than ever! Basement Jaxx (through Astralwerks) unleash their latest, Kish Kash, this month and it is 51 minutes of genre-bustin', booty-shakin', finger-lickin' goodness. No fat, no filler. Just track after track of pure joy. Mercury Prize winner Dizzee Rascal proves why he won on Lucky Star, 'N Sync-er JC Chasez proves he's not totally worthless on Plug It in, Siouxsie Sioux makes her unmistakable mark on Cish Cash, The BellRays' Lisa Kekaula kicks ass and takes names on Good Luck ('Good luck, good luck, good luck in your new bed...') and MeShell Ndege'Ocello proves that when's she's on a track, it's all earz on her. And she does it twice on this CD. (Again proving, as she did on Scritti Politti's Anomie & Bonhomie, that the music buying public doesn't know what it is missing by basically ignoring this true original.) The slow jam Feels Like Home is slinky and sensual and the perfect album closer. Kish Kash is a mish mash of punk, funk, electro and soul that only a (very square) mother wouldn't love. Although there is no real house stomper on the order of Rendez-vu, Red Alert or Where's Your Head At, it seems petty to quibble when everything else here is so fresh, exhilirating and, hell, fun... all the different ingredients mix perfectly to make one tasty cocktail. Order it and enjoy straight up.",0,0,"Oct 24, 2003"
8,"Even though some of the songs don't seem to fit, and the interludes only annoy, songs like Supersonic, Cish Cash, Plug It In, Right Here's The Spot, and especially Good Luck (which is amazing) make this album a great one.",0,0,"Feb 20, 2004"
10,"word up. str8 outta tha uk",0,0,"Oct 31, 2003"
10,"Basement Jaxx go for the next level: awersome , danceable post punk electronica and romatic beats doing the background...",0,0,"Apr 28, 2006"
7,"Lacking the fun of Remedy and Rooty, this album sets out to disappoint longtime fans for better or worse. Although the songs in general are great, few songs are distinctive and many feel like filler. Very well-thought out filler.That being said, there's very much to love on Kish Kash - the powerful vocals in Good Luck, the sleek style of Right Here's The Spot, the wild experimentation on Lucky Star, the fun of  Supersonic and the ultra-catchy tune Plug It In. Although it sags in the second half, it's still a must listen.",0,0,"Dec  7, 2010"
1,"As a bubblegum, wholesome pop star, she has her place - she's a necessary counterpart to the tarted up pop queens of today. But hearing her no less than BUTCHER these classics is excruciating. She completely misinterprets the emotional tone of these songs. They require a rawness, sexuality, life experience and grit that she will never posess. She may love these songs to listen to, but they do not suit her as a singer and she should realise that. Listen to her treatment of 'Sense Working Overtime' and prepare to be horrified.",0,0,"Jan 13, 2005"
1,"Like the editor said, I'm afraid....very afraid.....of a another album of crap.",0,0,"Nov 20, 2003"
10,"Mandy has a superb voice. Outstanding to all that is included in her category.",0,0,"Feb 22, 2004"
10,"It's great and everyone should give it a try--you'll get addicted!",0,0,"Nov 15, 2003"
10,"This is definitely the best Mandy Moore album yet. Her voice has matured so much. These songs are great she's able to make them hers without losing the original feeling of each one. She's definitely more mature than other pop stars who are just image and no talent (i.e. Ms. Spears). I will definitely look forward to more Mandy Moore albums. I'm definitely a fan now more than i've ever been. Congratulations Mandy on such great work!!",0,0,"Nov  3, 2003"
1,"I had the unfortunate displeasure of hearing this CD blaring from my roomates room yesterday. This CD is not just bad, it's Oh...My...God bad. You will be amazed at how effortlessly she destroys brilliant songwriting classics from Cat Stevens and Joe Jackson. I hope that Andy Partridge gets a chance to bloody her nose for destroying 'Senses Working Overtime' too.",0,0,"Nov  3, 2003"
8,"These songs sound new, mainly because few people listen to the originals. I know because I own them and hardly listen to the originals. The only knock is that there is no emotional mood to the record since it hops from song to song but that is minor. The respect for the material shows and more importantly Mandy does a really nice job of connecting with the material and a great job of singing. Give it a listen and you will hear a growing artist taking a step forward. This is a winner of a record and a nice piece of work.",0,0,"Nov  3, 2003"
0,"i'm not sure mandy moore is the most to blame for these songs sounding so comically awful. the producer surely deserves much of the blame for the album coming off like a muzak-karaoke nightmare from lounge act hell. the fact that a few truly great songs were covered (one might say 'smothered,' like waffle house hashbrowns, under a layer of cheese) here only serves to shine a glaring spotlight on ms. moore's vocal shortcomings. a very sad effort indeed. mildly interesting, occasionally humorous and entertaining, but ultimately sad.",0,0,"Nov  6, 2003"
10,"The stigma of peppy pop princess is a heavy coat to shrug off, but Moore does it effortlessly as she interprets these songs with unabashed fun. Some might be tempted to say that she didn't do these songs justice, or that she 'butchered' them, but in a lot of ways she breathes new life into these tracks to deliver them to a new audience. Adherents to the originals are obviously biased, as there's a clear difference between the standards and Moore's take on them, but don't succumb to the temptation to call Coverage bad because it isn't an exact replica. Moore's offerings aren't meant to duplicate, but rather rejuvenate, and she displays a singular talent unexpected from the pop princess pack of '99. Goes to show that her brunette haircut's not the only smart thing she's done for her career.",0,0,"May 23, 2005"
8,"Mandy Moore may not have achieved the super-success of Britney, Christina and post-TV show Jessica, but that's not because she lacks talent. On the contrary, Moore is probably the biggest talent of the above superstars. Sure, her beginnings in 1999 were, well, marketed to follow in the footsteps that the infamous Britney Spears laid down for her; and it was obviously hard to distinguish her between her female pop star peers since she looked (and had almost the same material) as they did. On Coverage Moore grows up--not only has she become more mature, but her voice is the best it's ever sounded: powerful, moving and smooth. The depth portrayed on these songs isn't forced as, say, Jessica Simpson's are--it's the perfect blend and first step in achieving the title 'recording artist' as opposed to 'pop star.' Not only did she open listeners of her generation (including myself) to what's beyond what's on Top 40 radio, but she did these classic pop tracks justice. Tremendous job.",0,0,"Sep 30, 2006"
10,"It's great and everyone should give it a try--you'll get addicted!",0,0,"Nov 15, 2003"
10,"It's great and everyone should give it a try--you'll get addicted!",0,0,"Nov 15, 2003"
10,"This is a great cd! All of the songs that she did are better than the 1st.The best song is Moonshadows.",0,0,"Jan 26, 2004"
8,"It shows how versatile of an artist Moore is.",0,0,"Nov 24, 2003"
9,"this cd show's mandy moore's true inclination to good music unlike other artist her age.",0,0,"Dec 18, 2003"
0,"Poor Mandy. She has a great voice, but gets suckered into doing bad songs, and terrible movies.",0,0,"Dec 26, 2003"
10,"Joyous!! Exciting!!! One the best of 2003!!",0,0,"Aug 10, 2003"
8,"It's a fantastic album to have while driving, or partying. Casual listening this isn't, nor is it high art. This is the most fun i've had listening to an album in the past year, which makes the purchase entirely worthwhile.",0,0,"Aug  7, 2003"
8,"Most dance music is stupid and without any creatve sense ... Now you can party without being primitive! Danish music rocks - I can hardly wait till The Raveonettes is back!",0,0,"Aug  4, 2003"
7,"A fun diversion for a summer where a diversion was badly needed.",0,0,"Aug  8, 2003"
10,"One of my all time favourite albums. It's great to sing along to, and just have a bunch of fun!",0,0,"Sep 13, 2006"
10,"Original. Funky. Crazy. What else is there to say? They make us Danes look cool. Besides, who couldn't love a group with a record label named Crunchy Frog?",0,0,"Nov  2, 2003"
7,"Cheesy? Yes. But ridiculously catchy? ALSO YES! =D It's okay if you genuinely dislike this album, but this album was made to be FUN - and that's what it is.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2007"
10,"Absolutely brilliant, an essential record.  This is dance music for people who don't care too much for dance music.
It's like a huge, great grin on CD.",0,0,"Oct 11, 2012"
0,"this shit is a waste of money. Even if i was sleepin wit those girls i wouldnt buy that shit",0,0,"Sep  9, 2003"
10,"an album that you can either chill to or just get up and dance",0,0,"Aug  3, 2003"
9,"thank you very much",0,0,"Aug  4, 2003"
0,"shit",0,0,"Aug  4, 2003"
9,"Fannypack is my favorite discovery of the year. I can't stop listening to it and truly love its subversive, raw attitude. I hope they aren't a flash in the pan and look forward to a quick follow-up album.",0,0,"Aug  1, 2003"
10,"This is the best album of the summer... Refreshing and chicky... I cannot wait to hear their second album...",0,0,"Aug 10, 2003"
10,"too much fun!",0,0,"Dec  9, 2003"
9,"I haven't had an EP pique my interest like this one has since the Interpol EP. Fantastic funk-rock.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2003"
7,"great funky ass bassline",0,0,"Jun 23, 2003"
9,"American post-funk-rock-happy mondays-stone-roses-psychadelic soup with a lot of garlic!",0,0,"Jul 11, 2003"
3,"it's suck.. I really don't like this album, the first time I listened  this album, immedietly I really bored with this album, they should not sale this album",0,0,"Oct 10, 2012"
10,"its very good",0,0,"Jun  6, 2004"
6,"Not exactly life-changing, Ego War certainly isn't awful but it isn't much to listen to either. Chronically uncreative lyrics and an overreaching musical palate drag what otherwise would be quite the fun ride down. Not much to recommend, but it certainly isn't terrible.",0,0,"Jun  9, 2003"
9,"The Audio Bullys really show off on this record, good lyrics, fine beats and cool tunes. Sometimes they put too much together but overal Ego War is a great album!",0,0,"Jan 13, 2004"
9,"The best part of this album isn't even on the album. The Switch remix kills!",0,0,"Jan 15, 2004"
10,"demolisher",0,0,"Jul 21, 2004"
10,"Amazing! Brilliant beats, brilliant lyrics!",0,0,"Nov 17, 2003"
10,"great album, i always loved this dudes music",0,0,"Jan  4, 2005"
10,"awesome!",0,0,"Oct 23, 2003"
10,"Fundamental to the new concept as a whole work... new in its emotional strength, its melodic and harmonic freshness was the choice of instruments. With strings, flute, cello and all the other pieces that make up a 122-piece orchestra, Dougan blends orchestral color with vigor and assurance. Supporting an interweaving of real instruments is the ensemble sound. Few tracks today have that smoldering intoxication and in the soaring string lines. With its cinematic timbres and down to earth essence, one can?t help but imagine how he obtained that smooth chilling sound. Both the backing beats and orchestral arrangements help produce the exciting tension and climax that characterize the work as a whole. Rob Dougan is a mastery of an extremely rhythmic-melodic technique that isn?t necessarily based on classical training. Maybe it?s the phrases when he sings. It might be the warmth and tenderness in his voice as he expresses. He motivates your mind with old movies and destroys you with his explanation of how. Whatever the reason, whatever the mood, 'Furious Angles' is going to reach you... as the songs communicate with the very depths of your soul. You?ll find as I did, all things you think you?ve felt before are again brand spanking new. While this gives flavor to his style, he never allows it to dominate. Rob is perhaps the most melodic composer on the scene today and certainly one of the most intense. The listener cant help but be fascinated as he reaches out with mental dimensions and boxes of future distinctions. The male version of Billie Holiday... gritty, real and blatantly direct, Dougan demonstrates this point with such eloquence.",0,0,"Oct 24, 2003"
9,"A classic!",0,0,"Oct 20, 2003"
10,"Very impressive",0,0,"Aug  1, 2003"
10,"100% geweldig!",0,0,"Jun 30, 2004"
10,"Very original & intense. A well-rounded album, never boring",0,0,"Jan  1, 2007"
10,"Vunderbar. This is a great, soulful cd replete with a unique techo-bluesy sound. I wish I had discovered it sooner.",0,0,"Oct 17, 2003"
10,"best of the best!!!",0,0,"Nov  8, 2003"
10,"best of the best!!!",0,0,"Nov  8, 2003"
9,"The Playlouder review is a capitulation. Nothing more than an infant stamping on a rubic's cube when faced with an inability to comprehend. While this album clearly uses elements of electronica, the vocals and inspiration seem to hark back to albums such as Lou Reed's Transformer, or something by Leonard Cohen with a touch of Tom Waits and the self-conscious histrionics of Bowie! Once you add the filmic orchestrations and cut-up beats to the mix you end up with something quite groundbreaking, but a red rag to any NME wannabe. I caught 'Furious Angels' and Dougan's score to the Chateau fight scene in the Matrix : Reloaded and checked this out. This album is like a score to a much finer movie.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2003"
9,"The Playlouder review is a capitulation. Nothing more than an infant stamping on a rubic's cube when faced with an inability to comprehend. While this album clearly uses elements of electronica, the vocals and inspiration seem to hark back to albums such as Lou Reed's Transformer, or something by Leonard Cohen with a touch of Tom Waits and the self-conscious histrionics of Bowie! Once you add the filmic orchestrations and cut-up beats to the mix you end up with something quite groundbreaking, but a red rag to any NME wannabe. I caught 'Furious Angels' and Dougan's score to the Chateau fight scene in the Matrix : Reloaded and checked this out. This album is like a score to a much finer movie.",0,0,"Jun 20, 2003"
8,"I don't know about those 'pro' reviewers up there (score: 60, 41 and 20?!) but I find this record very interesting. Mr. Dougan is very intense and lots of rage in his lyrics/voice. And the music! Lots of beautiful strings, dramatic moods and wicked drum loops. A very good record.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2003"
7,"Overall, not a bad collection of songs. But I will agree with some of the other reviews regarding an overall monotonous sound. I'm a huge fan of artists who can creatively and effectively blend a more traditional musical sound (i.e. orchestral, jazz, etc.) with an appropriate mix of new age electricity. Even some of the stand alone orchestral tracks, while short, have hints of some promise. However, he always seems to be teetering right on the edge of a beautiful melodic breakthrough, and never really opens the musical floodgates we're waiting for. He gets an 'A' for effort on his vocal stylings, but can't get more than a 'D' for his performances. His voice sounds like the kind of bittersweet, sandpapered melodies that put a voice to the clouds of smoke in a backstreet blues bar. He's definitely got talent as a composer and producer, and knows how to appropriately seam the crossover between distinctly different musical genres without missing a beat. But next time, I'd prefer more melody, less monotony, and a few more polished voices.",0,0,"Jul 16, 2003"
10,"A unique collection of songs that defy categorization - absolutely a must have album!",0,0,"Jul 20, 2003"
6,"I've always been a complete nut for Rob D's absolutely superb blend of orchestrated sounds and dark, dramatic, electronica, so naturally I was pretty psyched to get this album. Most of the songs are the great stuff we all know and love, though I feel that it gets a bit monotonous at times. My major beef is the singing. He sounds like he just woke up from a horrible night at the bar, and for some reason he has a strange 'eh' sounding vowel slur. For example, when he says 'Spinning into the darkness', it sounds more like 'Spehnnen ento theh dehrknehss'. If he could learn to sing with a full vowel range, and put some energy and variation into it he doesn't sound like he's monotonously droning, then he could be a definete vocal presence to be reckoned with.",0,0,"Jul  2, 2003"
10,"Excellent CD. nuff said",0,0,"Jul  8, 2003"
10,"Adictive and inspired. Artists don't put in this much effort often... treasure it.",0,0,"Apr  6, 2006"
10,"The only CD I've bought in the last 5 years.",0,0,"Jan 10, 2007"
10,"An amazing mix of styles blended perfectly",0,0,"Mar 11, 2007"
10,"Easily 10 marks for this CD. Id never heard of this musician before I got the Matrix out on DVD, now his music sits proud next to my collection of Bowie classics. You'll never hear music like this again in a good while. The song 'Clubbed to Death' is as good as it was back in 1995 and is one of the songs you just know, without knowing you know that you know. Surprisingly there is not a song that fails to match it on sheer quality and emotion. The gripping 'Left me For Dead' with Dougans gritty vocals left me in awe and 'Will you follow me?' is incredibly uplifting. If this album was a movie, 5 stars, but as a CD, 10 Stars.",0,0,"Oct 23, 2003"
10,"Long live originality...",0,0,"Oct 27, 2003"
10,"Blown away! Thats the only expression I can find(Im sure theres more!) to describe how much of an impact I had when I first heard it. Ive got a good comprehensive list of CDs Ive bought like classic Morricone, Pink Floyd at their peak and some brilliant Jean-Michel Jarre and this CD is comparable. Everyone knows the stunning 'Clubbed To Death', used on ads like Caffreys and Nissan with its epic string arrangement and beats this is by far one of the highlights of the CD. But wait theres' more. Some other anthemic ones to look out for are 'Born Yesterday', 'Furious Angels', 'Clubbed To Death 2' and 'Im Not Driving Anymore'. This CD can have you crying on the floor for forgiveness or be very uplifting indeed. There's Only Me is a clear example of this combination of stunning strings and anger-fuelled vocals. Rob has worked with Moby, Sting, U2 and Kylie in the past, and with that list of musicians, its no wonder he was destined for great things. Get this album and you'll know music has stepped up a gear that it sorely needed too. The new one with Instrumentals is out now in the US and out in the UK on 7th July.",0,0,"Jun 25, 2003"
10,"Best album ever!!! Great voice, full of feelings and intensity. Amazing music. G",0,0,"Jun 26, 2003"
10,"The melodies are an eclectic mix that defies category, genre or type warranting its very own new section in the aisles of music stores. The vocals are gravelly, rough and raw renderings of a gut wrenching personal journey that deep down strikes an all too familiar chord with every jilted lover. The lyrics are the real treasure especially on the tracks 'Left Me For Dead' and 'Drinking Song'. Both masterful poetic portrayals of a love gone bad, a heart torn in two and a tortured soul. The album, in one word, remarkable. I can't wait for his second album.",0,0,"Aug  7, 2003"
10,"One of the best made albums...ever! A great combination of meaningful lyrics, fat beats and juicy orchestral music. Recommended!",0,0,"Mar 18, 2004"
10,"wow...i heard of rob from the matrix soundtrack(and reloaded)saw the cd in virgin for 10 squid with a free instrumentals disc(also excellant)and the videos for furious angels and clubbed to death on it and just thought 'cool'.so i bought it and got blown away by his mind bending mix of classic orchestra sounds,thumping electronic beats and growled,rage encrusted tom waits style vocals.Clubbed to death,furious angels and nothing at all are particular faves but the rest of the album is just as brilliant.Shove it,urb,playlouder and filter,you obviously have some sort of problem with originality.",0,0,"Aug 31, 2004"
10,"Greatest album ever written. Can't wait for his second album due in 07",0,0,"Mar  5, 2007"
10,"I have been waiting years for a album like this. Fantasic beats and orchestral music.",0,0,"Nov  5, 2003"
9,"Darkness, fierceness, energy, menace. An inspired effort...",0,0,"Dec 18, 2003"
10,"best...album...ever!",0,0,"Dec  8, 2003"
9,"This cd is well...brilliant our at least in my opinion. It is just brilliant for relaxing and well almost any other things, I for one believe this is the best car driving music...ever....wait a second let me take that back, When I listen to it I almost go into a trance and lose track of time. I have heard some complaints about rob's voice being irritating, all i can say is.....Thats why it comes with a instrumental disk. I on the other hand had no problem with his voice it usually fit hand in hand with the music, except for the end of 'Left me for Dead' but thats about it. I cant stress enough about how much I enjoy this cd, all I can say is buy it but how do you know we have the same taste......oh well.",0,0,"Jun 12, 2003"
9,"I think some people are missing the point of this album. Dougan does have the barroom singing voice, and that's what he wanted. Testimony to that is the track 'Drinking Song', which lyrically, vocally, and musically sounds like a tribute to perhaps the greatest barroom singer: Tom Waits. The music on the album is a beautiful Drum & Bass meets 15th and 16th century Euro and Japanese Classical, creating a wonderful, unclassifiable new genre. Dougan is amazing, and I hope he releases more albums.",0,0,"Aug 29, 2003"
9,"Good Cd's, include extra multimedia. One of the best beats of all time, Clubbed to Death.",0,0,"Jan 29, 2005"
8,"A vey strong few tracks on this album, but the mood is definitely dropped as the album progresses, and the closing song (Clubbed to Death II) brings back the opening mood poorly in comparison with the Coda. Still srtong nonetheless, with excellent chordal and counterpoint writing.",0,0,"Apr 21, 2007"
10,"One of the most underrated music I know. It has a powerful atmosphere which based on Rob's amazing vocal and tunes.
I really hope, one day he will release a new album.",0,0,"Apr 21, 2014"
10,"We have all heard a tune off this great album,whether it be a tv show, advert, or film.
If you love music I can't recommend this album high enough.
Rob Dougan is a talented man, a hugely underrated album.
To echo Kerub88 new album please.",0,0,"Apr 22, 2014"
10,"American Life is Madonna's most underrated album. You can tell from reviews all around the web that it's a love it or hate it album. It's definitely not in-your-face pop, so I would avoid this one if you're just looking for radio-friendly material. On this album, we see Madonna at her most vulnerable. From the cynical American Life to the touching Mother and Father, Madonna takes us on a tour of her world. I applaud her guts, especially for the American Life video, which raised controversy like never before. Notable tracks: American Life, Love Profusion, Nothing Fails, X-Static Process.",14,14,"Mar 26, 2012"
10,"This album is a masterpiece. Really! I simply think that people really did not understand it. She criticizes a lot of aspect of the modern american society.---
The album opens with American Life, a song that reflects how people are satisfied with their lives with very insignificant thing (listen to the rap (my favorite part of it): I'm diggin' on the isotopes/This metaphysics **** is dope/And if all this can give me hope/You know I'm satisfied). ---
Hollywood is a song expressing how everyone wants to be a star because of what they see in movies, in interviews, etc. And she says how everyone's opinion of Hollywood is wrong. And how shallow Hollywood is too.---
I'm So Stupid declares how everyone who's comparing themselves to others, always trying to be someone else are stupid because there is nothing for you when you are not yourself.---
Love Profusion, I think, is a very heavy song, but what I understood from it is that love is so important in people's mind (because we hear of it in every movies, songs, etc.), that they don't take the time to understand the whys and hows of the world. And when you get rid of the illusion that love is the most important thing, you start to make your own happiness and find the real answers (There are too many questions/There is not one solution /There is no resurrection /There is so much confusion [...] I have lost my illusions /What I want is an explanation )---
Nobody Knows Me is probably the best song! The key word that makes it the most mindblowing song for me is 'No one's telling you how to live your life/But it's a setup until you're fed up'. She really explores how people think they are free and made their choices in life, but really, they have been pushed by the elites who controlled the TV channels, the radios, the journals, magazines; in the end you have been SOOO influenced that she says that even if nobody tells you how to life your life, you are not really free of doing what you want, and I would even say that people probably don't even know what they would have wanted if they have not been influenced all their lives by the media.---
Nothing Fails, the way I see it, show how flawless religion is. Myself, I have been a believer all my life until  recently and believe it or not, this song persuaded me to walk away from my religion. It shows that when you feel like you are losing Faith, you immediately makes you want to pray. When a dear one dies, instead of questionning God's existence, the first thing we do is pray. And it is true for every event that should make you question God (war, death,catastrophes, mass shootings, rapes, etc.)---
The rest of the album is beauty. She leaves the strong messages to turn to very beautiful songs (Intervention, X-Static Process, Easy Ride) or more dancey (Mother And Father, Die Another Day) without loosing quality.Madonna is a complete artist. She is a very deep pop artist and very talented.",3,3,"Jul 21, 2012"
9,"she can't please everyone, she never tried so why do people still act like she will this time. the songs on the album are a fresh direction that she and mirwais with music's don't tell me. although i thoroughly enjoyed music i wasn't giddy over that particular track on american life it works, and rather well. the album is a mix of a few upbeat signiture mirwais electro and slower ballad like tracks were she spreads some of her wisdom, which can at times interfere with the groove but coming from her it doesn't sound as contrived after further listening. lyrics aside what has always kept her alfoat and ahead were the neats. its easy to see why for the first time in her career she has worked with the same principle producer twice. mirwais is by far among the most inventive and unique producers in contemporary music. the music is evidently affected by the recent progression of electroclash but acousticly so, if that makes sense it also strikes me similar to the petshops boys acoustic masterpeice release when she gets more acoustic then electronic. it might be too cool for some, judging by some of the reactions in the media but at the end its a solid record, killer new beats and more madonna.",1,1,"Apr 24, 2003"
10,"Excellent album.",1,1,"Sep 20, 2007"
10,"An excellent Madonna album. Songs such as 'Intervention,' 'Nothing Fails,' and 'X-Static Process' really pull this album together.",1,1,"Apr  5, 2009"
10,"Awesome.",1,1,"Apr 24, 2003"
8,"This is a schizophrenic album that revels a rather confused Madonna, both lyrically and musically. Generally, the more acoustic, more romantic songs (Love Profusion, Nothing Fails) are way more successful that the more preachy, techno ones (American Life, I'm So Stupid), which makes one wonder whether the whole album would have been better as a more low key acoustic affair. Its vilification is certain media is wholly unwarranted as it contains some beautiful songs and as an artist she is still streets ahead of her challengers. Perhaps though a break with Mirwais might be a good thing for the next album.",1,1,"Jan 21, 2004"
10,"Genius!",1,1,"Jun 12, 2004"
9,"One of her best works yet, but I think Die Another Day should have stayed out of this record.",1,1,"Oct 20, 2005"
10,"Great!",1,1,"Jan  9, 2005"
10,"Her best album. Take a bow! She is master!",1,1,"Apr  8, 2008"
10,"Very underrated.  People, including critics, seem to only be judging the pop tracks and not really listening to the ballads which really showcase Madonna's vocals.  Excellent album, terrible critical response",1,1,"Apr 12, 2012"
10,"Amazing album! Very personal and VERY underrated by the time it was released. Critics in general tend to dismiss Madonna's ability to write very personal songs and this album is full of them. Songs like Love Profusion, Xtatic Process, Easy Ride and Nobody Knows Me shows her unmatchable talent to deliver through her music her own personal experiences in a very vivid life.",1,1,"Nov 11, 2013"
10,"Apparently I'm alone in this, but American Life is my favorite Madonna album (with Ray of Light being a close second), and it's also one of the few albums where I love every song. The unique blend of folk and electronica is especially appealing to me, and I really like how cohesive the album is. There's a fairly pervasive melancholy mood throughout, but the songs are catchy and melodic enough so that it maintains momentum at the same time.
Another thing I love about this album is that Madonna clearly wasn't trying to please anyone with it. It doesn't have the massive appeal that some of her other stuff has, but it's certainly intriguing and inspired, something I can't really say about her albums since. It's too bad critics received it so poorly though, because it really is an underrated gem in her long career.",1,1,"Mar 12, 2015"
10,"Awesome.",1,2,"Aug  2, 2010"
5,"A massive letdown. It sounds like a dim imitation of its predeccessor. The only true standouts are: Love Profusion, Intervention, X-Static Process and Easy Ride.",1,3,"Jul  1, 2005"
0,"a big letdown. could this be the end of her musical career?",1,9,"Jul  3, 2005"
2,"With the exception of her 007 theme song 'Die Another Day', the rest of the CD is 1 total yawner. The title track is brutally bad bad bad!",0,1,"May  2, 2003"
1,"It truly is quite awful. In her quest for weaving social activism into her new tracks, it seems that she has completely forgotten how to, well, create a song at all. The title track, for example, starts out fine, and then, in its pre-final moments, propels itself into the empyrean of excrutiaing audible torture. 2003's biggest failure thus far.",0,1,"May  5, 2003"
4,"Sad. She sounds so sad. Plus her lyrics are in the forefront of this second Mirwais production and they are horrible. Rapping about coffee? C'mon! Madonna, you still have William Orbit on speed dial don't you?",0,1,"Apr 29, 2003"
3,"Madonna is struggling to do what she has always been good at - being interesting. This album is her soccer-mom manifesto. 'Die Another Day' and 'Hollywood' are the only highlights and the rest is completely uneventful. Even 'Hollywood' rates average for her singles - slightly less effective than 'Secret' from Bedtime Stories. Stay away or you will be disappointed.",0,2,"May 16, 2003"
2,"Madonna is middle-aged and it shows. This cd bored me to tears, tears of pity.",0,1,"Jun  7, 2003"
2,"Oh wow, Madonna's, like, SO HARDCORE!! Check out those radical photos in the booklet--geddit? She's a REVOLUTIONARY! What ANGST!! Grrrrrr! Whatever. 'Music' was the best LP of this ubercelebrity's career, and 'American Life' is the worst. Madonna needs to buy herself a clue, God knows she can afford it: when shallow marketing-driven pop stars try to get deep it makes them look STUPID because, well Madonna--you're a shallow marketing-driven pop star! You're a vehicle for producers and songwriters to come together and make money. Yes, you're pretty, but your poetry sucks! So quit yer pathetic, incessant whining on this LP and get back to just singing other people's catchy songs. Like anyone with EVER sympathize with Madonna feeling alienated? Give me a break. The song 'I'm So Stupid' may be the most revealing moment of her career. In her best Shirley Manson impression she sings 'I'm so stupid/ Cause I used to live / In a fuzzy dream.' Not only is this the worst line/song of her career, it's sadly revealing, but not for the reasons Madonna intended. Listening to this album, I'm overwhelmingly convinced of something I have known all along: Madonna is STUPID. The 'Music' LP is fantastic because she sticks to what she does best--big hooks, big beats. Here she tries really, really hard to get personal. Figures she didn't realize that she'd look retarded. Career ending mistake!!",0,5,"May 10, 2004"
7,"A fan I am, that i'll admit. But I consider myself to be a non-emotive and objective one. I am disappointed in (the single) 'American Life'. I think it is dreadful and even worse to make it the first single. The rest of the album's lyrics are mostly mediocre and you can't help but want to add your own here and there. Conversely, there are gems in this album. Hollywood, Intervention, X-static process. This is not my favourite Madonna album, nor is it my worst.",0,0,"Jun  2, 2003"
10,"This is an ace CD and the best song (my song of the year so far) is 'Nothing Fails' - infinitely moving. Mirwais' production is top-notch, there's something different in each, and while 'Mother and Father' can be a bit cringeworthy at times ('I had a mother/It was *nice*), the album as a whole is outstanding and not the sonic monstrostity most reviewers would have you believe. BUY IT!",0,0,"Apr 25, 2003"
8,"the music is great, and her voice is pretty decent. but for the most part, the lyrics are really weak.",0,0,"Apr 25, 2003"
10,"People, we have to see the evolution of the human being and the music evolution. We have to open our minds to a new things that we define as changes. We are tired of the same style of music. So, I think that the CD is a good one. Maybe one of the best.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2003"
7,"On one hand , it's bloomed with brave and uncanny electro sounds. On the other hand, it's just too typical Mirwais.",0,0,"Apr 22, 2003"
8,"Un album intimiste et sans exubrance auquel madonna ne nous avait jamais prpar...Exit l'innovation de music,mais bonjour  la cohsion en tant qu'album qui faisait dfaut  son prdcesseur...un excellent album,  l'exception de l'excs de vocoder sur nobody's know me, et particulirement la magnifique pice nothing fails!!!",0,0,"Apr 27, 2003"
8,"It's a really good album, just wait till you hear 'Hollywood' the second single. A great song.",0,0,"Apr 29, 2003"
9,"Give it a few listens before making up your mind. This is truly her best albulm.",0,0,"May 21, 2003"
9,"A new fan... This collection of songs grow and change with each listen. TO listen to , not just hear. Among her best!! 'push the button', 'don't push the button' Love it...",0,0,"May  4, 2003"
10,"It's different but worth listening to. It grows on you.",0,0,"Aug  5, 2005"
10,"Her best. Critics dont know shit.",0,0,"Oct 14, 2006"
10,"don't believe the negative reviews",0,0,"Mar 26, 2006"
9,"What if it was about Palestinians or Islamic society? wouldn't it have been great?",0,0,"Jan  2, 2007"
10,"That's why I hate American music critics: they are all offended when we talk badly about American government! So they give bad reviews and grades. This is one of her best albums (for me, it's her best), and nobody can't deny. I see also another solution: Bush paid them to underrate this masterpiece.",0,0,"Jun 23, 2008"
9,"An fantastically produced album by Madonna and Mirwais, American Life is a 'tell all' album with some excellent hard hitting tracks-American Life,Hollywood,Love profusion,Nobody knows Me,Nothing Fails,Die Another Day & Easy Ride are all fabulous tracks.",0,0,"Jan  3, 2009"
10,"Her most underrated album by far-- those who doubt that Madonna is a musician should listen to this album.",0,0,"Aug  1, 2009"
10,"Critics are afraid of what they don't understand; some will hate this album because it dares to be different. It's an original LP. I really like it a lot! The best songs are Nothing Fails, Hollywood, Mother & Father and Intervention.",0,0,"Apr 22, 2003"
7,"Was prepared to loathe it, but it's quite good. It's really producer Mirwais's record -- she's just an appendage of sorts, the production's rubbery AND crisp -- lot's of addictive electro layering, Cher's hijacked and run amok vocoder, and smart synth flourishes -- helping unfocus the banal lyrics -- some of her worst ever, but then she never was Joni Mitchell in that department.",0,0,"Apr 23, 2003"
9,"Very good disc. My opinion says it's better than Ray of Light and Music.",0,0,"Apr 26, 2003"
5,"Gone are the wild years of Madonna, and I'm not necessarily talking about the way she looks but her music. This is just another 'ok' electronic records. But who cares that she's doing this kind of music, I'll just listen to Crystal Method or Underworld if want the real deal!! The thing is, these days all we hear is Rap, R n' B, Pop-Techno crap and all of the above. It's all so saturated. All I say is now's a good time to INNOVATE! And Madonna is losing that grip; An area where she use to excel at.",0,0,"Apr 28, 2003"
8,"A nice listen, with some beautiful guitar based tracks, and some wonderful dance tunes. Not my favorite Madonna album, but her voice is much richer than her last work.",0,0,"Apr 28, 2003"
9,"This is a great album. Only 'Ray of Light' is a better album by Madonna. Yes, I think it even beats 'Like A Prayer.' Unfortunately, someone thought the title track should be a single. That someone thought wrong. The title track is one of the weakest tracks on the album, far inferior to the majority of the material. 'Love Profusion' is an absolutely rapturous concoction that may become one of my all-time favorite songs. A few songs may have weak lyrics, but the grooves underneath them more than make up for it. Only 'I'm So Stupid' and 'Easy Ride' fail to impress on the same level and even they are better than the majority of the horrible songs you hear on the radio nowadays. And I'd like to criticize the critics about their reviews for this album: please review the work and not Madonna. We don't need to know how bitter you are that you will never be her.",0,0,"May  1, 2003"
10,"too cool....",0,0,"May 25, 2003"
10,"Rather deep and introspective, but brilliant all the same. 'Mother & father', 'Intervention', 'Easy ride' are awesome!!! 10 out of 10. Almost her best cd yet.",0,0,"May 25, 2003"
10,"It's perfect. Although Ray of Light is better, this album is about her and it haven't got a comercial prospect, like other albums of other artist.",0,0,"May 30, 2003"
6,"This album is still good. But Madonna has turned into a kinda boring, middle age artist who is preocupated by the problems of the world. I liked her more fun and sexy.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2003"
10,"Despite receiving heavily mixed reviews and a poor reception on the album charts, any music aficionado with a true appreciation of Madonna's work will see that 'American Life' is easily her best album to date - Yes, it's even better than 'Ray Of Light'! Lyrically, it's the most personal stuff Madge has ever written; and musically, it's even better. It's back to basic acoustics on the beautiful 'X-Static Process,' while 'Nothing Fails' is easily one of the best songs Madonna has ever produced. Mirwais's electronic touch is present on the title track and 'Nobody Knows Me,' while Michel Colombier's sensational string arrangements are featured in 'Die Another Day' and 'Easy Ride'. Madonna's 'American Life', to reiterate, is her best album ever as well as the best album of 2003.",0,0,"Jun 16, 2003"
10,"I'm not really a Madonna fan but I took a chance on this album and LOVED it. I highly recommend it and feel the critics who have given it poor marks should give it a couple more listens -- I think they'd change their mind.",0,0,"Jul 15, 2003"
10,"One of Madonna's best CDs and probably her most personal one. It's very enjoyable with the exception of a couple of songs. Track ratings: American Life- B- Hollywood- C+ I'm So Stupid- D Love Profusion- A+ Nobody Knows Me- A Nothing Fails- A Intervention- A X-Static Process- A- Mother & Father- A+ Die Another Day- B+ Easy Ride- A+",0,0,"Jul  2, 2003"
8,"Another excellent record from Madonna. I get so sick of reading stupid reviews by people who have an opinion on something they're not familiar with and have not listened to the record. As usual, most of the criticisms about her work are not really about the record, they're about Madonna -her aging (as if no-one ages!), her unwillingness to continue churning out dated 80s style pop-craft (as if continuing to do so is better than evolving, apparently what the small-minded would like her to do - 'I like her 80s stuff' - of course, then if she did, she would be criticized for not moving on), that she's not relevent (apparently because only young people matter and only they have wise things to say or that style trends of youth make more interesting entertainment than thought-provoking, adventerous music). The only thing I have to say against the record are the 1st 2 singles 'Die' and 'A. Life.' These songs truly suck and now all the haters have some ammunition to make their case. Even this is wrong because everyone as great as Madonna - from Aretha and Elvis to the Stones and Eminem put out weak work from time to time. Somehow no-one will tolerate that from her. When I heard Em's 'Cleaning out My Closet' that was about the worst song of last year, but then he does 'Sing for the Moment,' one of the best uses of sampling ever, and easily one of the best this year. Don't count someone out when one or two of their ideas doesn't work. Maybe three or four in a row, then maybe that's fair. Anyway, a very fine record. I love 'Love Profusion,' 'Mother and Father,' 'X-Static Process,' and much of the rest. About as soul-searching as modern music gets. I would give it 10 if 'Die' and 'American' were substituted for kick ass (or even mediocre) tracks - they are HORRID!! Overall a good one.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2003"
9,"Although not as good as Ray of Light or Music, it is able to prove that Madonna is still on top.",0,0,"Oct 23, 2004"
9,"Maybe not the Madonna album to be expected but then again maybe it is in a re-invention matter of speaking. Maybe one of her most personal cds overall, and Mr Mirwais as becoming one of her most influential producers. American Life , the song that is, nicely balancing straight forward sounding couplets with a melodic kind of refrain,just like Madonna did with songs like Ray of Light and Sky fits Heaven. Nothings Fails,a great popsong in the actual meaning of the word, the most revolutionary James Bond song ever, This together with the pounding Hollywood and the static Nobody knows me ,makes this album stand out on the levels; Personal, Unique and Daring in every way. Cherish it",0,0,"Apr 22, 2004"
8,"Features the euphoric Nothing Fails, lyrical gem Intervention, and the stop the presses this is the shit EASY RIDE. Not the dance Pop record you typically expect from her...but those expectations be damned this is a deeply personal and solid piece of work. Only misteps are the title track and I'm so stupid. Everything else is top notch!",0,0,"May 22, 2004"
10,"This is her best album I just can't believe, that SHE had this produced. Better then 'Ray of Light'",0,0,"May 26, 2005"
10,"I love this record...",0,0,"Sep 23, 2006"
8,"better than the next one, really! the thumping sounds kept on playing inside my mind!",0,0,"Apr 18, 2007"
9,"One of her best album! Too much underrated!",0,0,"Jul 25, 2007"
9,"Depressing, how 'Music' got 20 points higher than Madonna's ricochet album, 'American Life'. The album is full of acoustic guitars, sounds of nature and blurred vocals. Definitely less commercial, less accessible. Yet, perhaps her best album. 'Hollywood' is the ballad, grieving over our society's up-and-coming superficiality. 'Intervention' and 'I'm So Stupid' are clever and eclectic. The album does suffer weaker moments, yet the overall agenda seems to fit quite well. This would definitely make my top 3 Madonna cds.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2008"
9,"it's simple and beautiful....not over done with bleeps and other confusion",0,0,"Apr 22, 2003"
10,"It's different, yet Madonna...It took me a while to enjoy it, but as the music goes on, I enjoy it more and more",0,0,"Apr 22, 2003"
9,"More consistent than Music.",0,0,"Apr 25, 2003"
10,"Absolutely, postively genius. It's pure sonic brilliance...don't listen to the critics...Madonna is always changing, and if this CD is any indication, she's growing as an artist. Best songs: Hollywood Nothing Fails Intervention X-Static Process One of her best albums yet...",0,0,"Apr 26, 2003"
10,"the critics are ridiculous and its obvious they didn't really listen to this album. far better than Music.",0,0,"Apr 27, 2003"
8,"Loved the beats, espically the mellow sounds of 'nothing fails', 'Love Profusion', and espically 'Intervention'. I found the lyrics to be a little simple at times, but still enjoyable. Overall, I would recommend the album; it is definatly worth a close listen.",0,0,"Apr 28, 2003"
10,"While 'Ray of Light' is her best work, this is truly a successful progression from that CD and from 'Music.' I play the CD everyday and must tell you that the more you listen to it, the more you will like it. It does not immediately grab you, but rather sneaks up on you. Do you really want another 'Immaculate Collection?' C'mon! It's 2003 and Madonna is still innovative and fresh. What else do you have to ask for?",0,0,"Jun 11, 2003"
8,"'American Life' and 'Die Another Day' are by far the worst 2 singles of her entire career. Even worse, they were released back to back - it is unfathomable she followed up the greatness of Ray of Light and Music with this crap. Who was out to lunch when these were released?? I was totally ready to hate this record, borderline ready to pass on it. Curiosity got the best of me and I am glad because, much to my surprise, American Life (the album) is a very, very good record in spite of the first two singles. Had she had a song as potent as 'Music' to kick off her new album instead of the terrible 'American Life' and had she left 'Die' off it could have been her best record. Tracks 4-9 (which is most of the album) are precious, and 'Mother and Father' might very well be the highlight of her entire career, even if it is fated to be overlooked. Overall, very, very good work, next time, Madonna, you need to have a killer lead-off single. And release a quality video for it as well. Sort of killed the fate of the record by releasing such rubbish for a lead-off single. Made it worse by not releasing the original video. Madonna's career was so hot coming off of Music that 'Die Another Day' still at least made the Top 10, but after 2 in a row she is going to have to make a comeback for the first time in her career.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2003"
10,"beautiful album.why does feeling love and sharing it,make her boring?i prefer when she disturbs the norm but can appreciate this album,the message and mood.the first single was more a political statement than anything else,but once you forgive that.....it soars. 'and i know that love will change us forever....' indeed.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2003"
8,"I love Madonna very much, and I think this album is one of her best ones. She 's always changing her look and style and I like that. This album is totally different from the previous ones. I gave her an 8 and not a 10 because there are some songs that i think are not in her style: (I'm so stupid). But hollwood is VEEERY Madonna, it's full of glamour (and ofcourse its music video helps). I was very surprised because of that american life music video thing. I saw pieces of the original one and I thought it was just FANTASTIC, but ... but I love the single though, especially the rap of it. Love profusion is not one of my favourite but i think its a good song and the music video is something i ve never seen before. My favourite single in this album is the last one: easy ride. I love orchestral music and this single has it all! I really appreciate the fact that now, finally, Madonna is changing for the best. Her lyrics talk about morality and she s telling us fans that she s in love in various ways (x-static process, Intervention, Love profusion and Nothing fails). The latter is simply beautiful! the pity is that she goes on repeting the same phrase... and by the way, I think that britney snog was a big mistake. From that point onwards, the hollywood single went down! She was looking for publicity (as she always do) and she got it, a bad one though! anyway, whatever she does or say, for me she's always be THE QUEEN OF POP.",0,0,"Jan 14, 2004"
8,"Now that 'Confessions...' has come out and I have listened to 'American Life' numerous times. This album is underestimated. It takes sometime to warm up to though. The lyrical content is better than 'Confessions...' Key songs 'Love Profusion', 'Intervention', 'American Life' (minus rapping), 'Mother and Father', 'X-Static Process'. As time goes this album will be considered just as good as her other albums.",0,0,"Nov 21, 2005"
10,"Beautiful music",0,0,"Nov 10, 2006"
7,"Not the best Madonna album ever, but still love it.",0,0,"Oct 21, 2006"
10,"Stop the criticism the album is great songs like nothing fails,mother and father,x-tactic process stand out....weak songs are American life and i'm so stupid.",0,0,"Dec 24, 2006"
7,"Very experimental. Overall not her best work, but tracks such as 'Hollywood', 'American Life' and 'Love Profusion' are outstanding. A noteworthy direction for Madonna's musical career.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2007"
9,"A highly underrated album that will end up getting more respect years from now.",0,0,"Apr 24, 2008"
10,"I have to give a credit for this album, because i didn't like it when i heard it first time .. i still remember and that it just stayed there for fue weeks, and than i started to listen again and this is the best album still for me, love all the songs. This is better than MUSIC, Ray of light or Confessions, at least for me. Thy lyrics are good and the feeling that this cd gives is undescribable - magic happens.",0,0,"Feb 23, 2009"
6,"'American Life' is noted as one of Madonna's most underrated album to date. And yes, I agree 100 percent. But this doesn't mean just the lyrics itself. The lead track 'American Life', unfortunately, describes the album fully, but tracks like 'Love Profusion', 'Nothing Fails' and 'Mother and Father' describe Madonna in the purest of way. But letdowns are also obvious as well. 'I'm So Stupid' is a bit too describable, and 'Nobody Knows Me' is a bit too strong on Madonna's personal side... But overall, the album doesn't dissapoint for fan approval.... Just critical approval.",0,0,"May  3, 2012"
8,"As others have already mentioned, 'American Life' is definitely one of Madonna's most under-rated albums.  Often referred to as a commercial failure, that must be taken into some sort of context as I think there are thousands of artists who would kill to have a #1 album that included a Top 10 hit and seven Top 10 dance singles (FIVE of which hit #1).  It may not have been up to par with other releases by Madonna, but it was still a huge success in and of itself.
Besides two weaker songs in 'Hollywood' and I'm So Stupid,' the rest of the album is an incredible personal peak into the psych of the most important recording artist of all time, just not as commercially accessible as her other works due to the high-electro feel of the album.
Definitely a love it/hate it album in Madonna's discography, but for most of us with a real appreciation of her work, this is yet another brilliant album from a musical genius and I, for one, think it's one of her strongest albums, period.",0,0,"Oct 15, 2013"
10,"Absolutely perfect. The most fantastic album ever made by a singer. The triumph of perfection, sounds and feels.
From 'Hung Up' to 'Let it will be', every single song is mixed perfectly!",0,0,"Apr  8, 2011"
7,"Apesar das faixas repetitivas, American Life  um bom lbum. Musicas como Hollywood e Nobody Knows Me so completamente descartveis, mas faixas como Love Profusion e Mother And Father fazem a viagem valer a pena.",0,0,"Nov 21, 2011"
7,"With songs that range from idle club beats to thought-provoking personal poems, this is her most reflective album yet. Though far from perfect, nothing beats a raw, experimental but meaningful move from a once Material Girl pop starlet.",0,0,"Jun  2, 2011"
10,"The perfect example of a misundertood album concept... American life in spite of what people may think is not about war and politics criticism... It's Madonna being creative in a unusual pop way a synth-acoustic-pop with AMAZING lyrics where she tells about her life in the US, about her relationship, about her kids and life experiences in general. There are songs there that are GENIUS. and for me a Madonna Top 5 Album!",0,0,"Apr  3, 2012"
9,"This is her best album so far....Im not a fan at all but I have to admit that 'American Life' has been criticized in a wrong way because people was focusing on lyrics or the way it was a alternative to 'Music' (Which was a puzzzle/transition album) I really listen to that album nowadays and think that it is much better than her 'Confession on a dance floor' (an album much more focused on the 'old fashioned disco dance sound') or the ridiculous last one'MDNA (A mixture of her last successes cause of her lack of imagination....) She would have to risk herself again, as she did 10 years ago, because, without that, she will belong to the 'ridiculous artist Family'  (when a cousciousness  generation of listeners was about to give her the musical legytimacy).",0,0,"Jun 10, 2012"
8,"This album definitely isn't perfect, but aside from quite weak songs like Nobody Knows Me and Mother and Father, it includes brilliant songs like X-Static Process, Hollywood and American Life. I absolutely adore the slightly minimalistic and honest sound of this album and I think it's highly inspiring.",0,0,"Jul 22, 2012"
7,"When Madonna released American Life in 2003, she took it as a gamble. The politically-charged video for American Life may have been taken too literally but really the album itself takes a mostly toned down approach from Music. there are still sprinklings of electronic music but some songs like Love Profusion harnesses the acoustics of the guitar. Nothing Fails serves almost as a Like a Prayer Part 2 with its soaringly moving choir. The lead single itself is not as bad as critically penned. It was the subject that mattered and I wish she had stood her ground and release the awesome video instead of puling it off air, replacing it with a dull flag-bearing video.",0,0,"Oct 24, 2013"
9,"American Life is very similar to Erotica (1992) in that it's misunderstood and is overlooked!
It's not my favourite album by the Queen of Pop but it's up there. 2003 saw Madonna take another change musically. She wanted to do more acoustic music while still maintaining her dance/electronic sound from previous album Music (2000).
There are many great songs on this album such as: Hollywood, Mother and Father, Die another day, Easy ride and Intervention. Because of the message Madonna tried to get across and the way in which she tried she was banned off the US radio and people didn't want to listen. As a result one of her greatest albums have been overlooked both commercially and artistically.",0,0,"Dec 15, 2013"
10,"Great album. It's so sad that AL is so underrated. It's full of flawless lyrics and songs.
She also proves once again, that she is actually a really good singer.
One of my favourites from The Queen of POP.",0,0,"Nov 11, 2013"
4,"Madonna's weakest effort by far. The message of this album gets lost in its pop sensibilities. Its as if her producers shied away from either being too political or too forward thinking and the result is a limp sounding record with subpar lyrics.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2013"
8,"Uma recepo mista por parte da crtica por conta dos EUA e seu patriotismo ridculo, pode at ser meio reciclagem de seu lbum anterior, mas suas letras so impecveis e um dos melhores lbuns de Madonna.",0,0,"Dec 14, 2013"
9,"It's a shame Madonna was commercially and critically punished for American Life because, even if it might not quite be her 'best' album, it is as personal and sincere as Bedtime Stories, as direct and confrontational as Erotica, as radically original as Ray of Light, and in many ways it marks the high point of her development as an artist and a musician.  She has been in retreat ever since.
As great as the Music single is, most of the rest of the Music album feels like Madonna and Mirawais are working separately as much as together.  On American Life their collaboration is seemless, and the results are truly strange and pretty much perfect.
The lead in, title song simultaneously condemns and relishes selfish materialism, and the inherent self-contradiction forms one of the album's main themes.  This theme is deliciously manifested by having the album's second track, a sarcastic and disillusioned look at Hollywood, mirrored by the album's second-to-last track, Die Another Day, the theme from a film from one of Hollywood's most valuable franchises.
Generally, the mood mellows and the arrangements move from abrasive synthesizers to acoustic guitars  as the album progresses, and Madonna has never made anything more straightforwardly poignant as some of the almost folk-like tunes in the closing half of American Life.
Her vocals throughout the album are as varied and strong and expressive as she has ever managed. I find the often repeated ridicule of her rapping to be absolutely incomprehensible, as her use of rhythmic spoken word here (call it rap if you want) is, in the song American Life, frightening and funny, and in Mother and Father, boldly strange and evocative.",0,0,"Jul  1, 2015"
8,"Again, another underrated album by Madonna. In Europe this album is a fan favorite. Interesting and brave mix between electronic and folk. Personal and social lyrics. Love it.",0,0,"May 16, 2015"
9,"Ultra reliiski politisks kantr-folk ievirzes albums ar autotjna un repa elementiem. Tiem ds savienojums bez iedziinans album vartu likties traki. Tpc ar is kuva par kritiu noraktko albumu Madonnas vstur; visvark kritizta tika tituldziesma American Life. Politisk satura un ameriku dzvesstila kritizanas d dziesma tikai aizliegta ASV radiostacijs un ts pai netrtais videoklips vl odien nav atrodams Youtube portl. Dziesm ikone dzied par mamseno atziu, ka nauda un vara ne vienmr nozm laimi un par vias ceu pie s atzias. T uzskatma k kritika Dorda Bua politikai; pieemu, ka da reakcija nebtu bijusi, ja albums iznktu nevis pirms Irkas kara, bet daus gadus vlk, kad, piemram, atkljs, ka Irk kara iemesla  masu izncinanas ierou nav bijis. Vl aj album sastopams ldz nelabumam saautotjntais monotonais Deimsa Bonda tda paa nosaukuma filmas saundtraks Die Another Day.
Citdi aiz kritikas par stila savienojumiem un politiku, slpjas vispersoniskkais Madonnas albums, kur ir daudz skaistu un melodisku dziesmu un visnota vias vokls ir krietni labks nek kritiu slavtaj album Confessions(). Dziesmas, kuras vrts noklausties  Nothing Fails; Love Profusion; X-Static Process.",0,0,"Nov 17, 2015"
8,"American Life is a very personal album of Madonna, her most underrated one beacuse she is not pleasing anyone, as usual. She makes music on her own terms and here she is with a new musical direction. She's done with charts, sales, fame, etc. Now she is a caring mom who wants to teach her children 'how to fly...way up like a bird in the sky'
This experimental production album finds Madonna criticising the 'American Dream' and embracing immaterialism.
'I tried to stay ahead,
I tried to stay on top
I tried to play the part,
But somehow I forgot
Just what I did it for
And why I wanted more'...she sings on the title track 'American Life'. The album contains 2 time Grammy nominated song ' Die Another Day', theme song of James Bond film.
Essential Tracks - American Life, Hollywood, Die Another Day.",0,0,"May 15, 2016"
6,"El Album Es Buenisimo, Las Letras Igual...Pero tiene mucho autotune, y se me hace un poco aburrido en algunas canciones, amo a Madonna, pero este album casi no me gusta",0,0,"May 29, 2016"
10,"This is his best CD",0,0,"May  9, 2003"
10,"I love this CD it is off da hook and he is so fine",0,0,"Jun  6, 2003"
10,"This cd that Ginuwine put out this time it was really copastetic I could relate to every little thing that he waspreachind. I love the tight ass new beats and his wonderful callabo. It just shows who he really is he represented for his hood, personality,wife,kids and for the love of the music business and to be an R&B singer & producer.",0,0,"Jul  2, 2003"
10,"I am very pleased with G's great work on his new album, plus I just wanna say your face was caressing against mine! 4/8/03",0,0,"Apr 23, 2003"
1,"this cd sucks like hell",0,0,"May 10, 2003"
10,"This cd is so the bomb and so is Ginuwine. Please hit me up after the concert",0,0,"May 20, 2003"
10,"i love the album it was his best one yet and i love all his music and i love him.",0,0,"May 30, 2003"
10,"he gets better and better each time and sounds soooooooo hottt.that why he's my all time boyand wii aways be. G you good keep it up.",0,0,"May  8, 2003"
10,"this cd is the hottest he ever came out with i think because he sounds better",0,0,"Jun  1, 2003"
10,"Tihs is Ginuwines best album and he is lookin sexy as eva",0,0,"Jun  6, 2003"
10,"Ginuwine's new Cd is hott, his other are hot too but not as hott as this one. Ginuwine is goin places, now to come out wit your own Lingerie line, i love that, Ginuwine is so fine!!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Jul 12, 2003"
10,"This is the type of CD that you can ride around in your car with and feel like everything is coo.",0,0,"Sep 11, 2003"
10,"Ginuwine i love you and i think i'm your number one fan. I hope you and i mean you will email me back. I hope i could meet you someday... one you April Bowden",0,0,"Feb 11, 2004"
10,"ginuwine is hella sexy and i am his numba one fan",0,0,"May  9, 2004"
10,"This man is sexy! This man is talented! This man deserves nothing less than an 11 but I will give him the highest rating possible instead.",0,0,"Oct  7, 2003"
10,"thhis cd is just as good as the first three",0,0,"Apr 22, 2003"
10,"his albums keep getting better and better",0,0,"Apr 30, 2003"
10,"This cd was one of his best I love Ginuwine and there is plenty of room for him in my jeans",0,0,"May 29, 2003"
10,"g's cd is off the hook when will he stop",0,0,"May 29, 2003"
10,"This cd is so bangin. And Genuine, is so freakin hottttttt!!! Who could not want this cd, or him, with his sexy a**!!",0,0,"Jun 11, 2003"
10,"I love ginuwine he look so good and he is sseeeexxxxyyy! HELL YEAH!",0,0,"Jun  2, 2003"
10,"I am an all-true Ginuwine fan and this album is great....He has really out-done himself this time and the only let down was that he did not receive a BET award for it!!!! Keep up the good work G!!!",0,0,"Jul  1, 2003"
10,"i rate ginuwine 10 because he so damn sexy and i will say this for you ginuwine to all you haters sit on it in rotate",0,0,"Jul 16, 2003"
10,"tha cd is hella tight and Ginuwine is hella finnnnneeee!!!!",0,0,"Jul 21, 2003"
10,"Thie CD is Great...All the soft songs that are so meaning full and deep. I listen to these songs with my man",0,0,"Jul 22, 2003"
10,"Ginuwine puts it down on this one!!! This album is HOT!!!!! And so is G!! Holla!",0,0,"Jul 27, 2003"
9,"it's the best he has ever done",0,0,"Jul  6, 2003"
10,"I feel that since the first album, musically he has matured. It was a great album and i hope that there is more creativity where that came from",0,0,"Aug 23, 2003"
10,"I love ginuwine he look so good",0,0,"May 13, 2003"
10,"This new Ginuwine Is the one who is going to make all the ladies drool over His fine,Freaky ooooohhhh that man is hotter thenever I would'nt mind Him on top of me any day well i problem Ginuwine I like to be on top, I'll be waiting.",0,0,"Aug 15, 2003"
10,"i luv this cd. i think that this is the best cd he has out. 'In Those Jeans' is probably the best song on his cd!!!!!!",0,0,"Aug 18, 2003"
10,"Gizzle's senior is hot!!!!! He matured musically and did a great job on this cd. You can see the gradual change in him, but still the same ol g. this is my favorite cd. can't get enough of it. my favorite song on this cd is 'In Those Jeans.' I definitly recommend ya'll to buy this cd. In stores now!!!",0,0,"May 12, 2004"
9,"Whilst most of the songs on this album would not be on Blackstreet's greatest hits if the group were to create one tomorrow, it wouldn't be because most of the songs on this album are bad, it is just that the group has had so many great songs in the past. The group's 4th album, Level II, is a must for any music lover who enjoys an album that is a mix of slow, medium and fast paced songs, produced by a veteran and state-of-the-art producer (Teddy Riley) and sung with perhaps the best set of vocals/harmonies in the industry at the moment. Personally, I am sick of buying an album that contains the same style of music in each song. Blackstreet has never let me down in that respect. Level II also contains the types of songs which you are able to sing-a-long to and listen to over and over again (ie. Ooh Girl, Deep, How We Do, Bygones, Brown Eyes...). Check it out, you won't be disappointed.",0,0,"Apr  7, 2003"
5,"50 % great, funny and funky tracks (The 15th, Emerge) and 50 % dull ones...",0,0,"Jan 10, 2003"
10,"Pure genius.",0,0,"Apr 20, 2003"
10,"absolutely fab*",0,0,"Jun 21, 2002"
9,"tickles my ear drums! one of the best of '02.",0,0,"Aug  1, 2002"
8,"This album is good. Although it is a total rip off, its a good rip off. So go rip it off.",0,0,"Mar  4, 2003"
10,"best album i've ever heard...fresh, sexy and exhilirating",0,0,"May  3, 2003"
9,"I heard the music before I saw the shows. The addicting beats latch on to your ears and dont let go. Very enjoyable stuff...very.",0,0,"Mar  2, 2005"
9,"I would say 3/4 of this cd is the best electro-pop ever produced-emerge being the highlight.The remainder falls a bit flat compared to the dizzy heights of emerge & the like but still an awe-inspiring debut and highly recommended!!",0,0,"Jan  4, 2007"
10,"still fresh after all these years! so yesterday it's tomorrow",0,0,"Mar 18, 2003"
9,"lots of ing words....mesmerising, bewildering, interesting, fascinating, exciting, intoxicating....completely wonderful.",0,0,"May 15, 2003"
9,"I originally bought this back in 2003 after hearing the superb 'Emerge'. On first listen, I was a little disappointed and convinced it would get no more than a couple of playthroughs before being added to my ever growing pile of 'regrettable purchases'. How wrong I was! 4 years later, I'm still giving this album regular rotation. Electro at its best. Hugely recommended. Just be sure not to give up on it after a single listen.",0,0,"Sep 29, 2007"
7,"An album with great synth-pop and techno tracks. Some tracks doesn't have any sense, they seem made by someone playing around with a software, not knowing anything of electronic music. You can hear a strong eighties influence and the mood is a mixture of Kraftwerk and Prodigy.",0,0,"Jun  9, 2015"
10,"if god was a dj, he'd be paul van dyk! he will blow your mind to another dimension!",0,0,"Dec 14, 2004"
10,"I give this album a 10 because it takes you to a place that PVD creates and turns it into reality. Anamacion is by far his best peace, yet!",0,0,"May 22, 2003"
8,"Wonderful compilation that gives a peak into PVD's genius",0,0,"Apr 20, 2003"
10,"this CD will take you to another world and will energize you.. is Paul van dyk from this planet? this is a must CD",0,0,"May 16, 2003"
8,"Not their best, but still a lot of fun to listen to. If you bought this and enjoy it, you should check out Goodbye Country (Hello Nightclub).",0,0,"Jun 24, 2003"
9,"fanstastic album with cruzy songs aswell as dancy ones, a great mixture.",0,0,"Jun 15, 2003"
9,"Oh my! This rocks! Soulful songs and grooving tracks. I would highly recommend it!",0,0,"Oct 16, 2004"
9,"Imagine Surveillance-era Trans-Am mixed with groove they so desperately seach for in their newer albums and you have Out Hud, whose danceworthiness is informed by a myriad of post-punk/funk/no wave styles. They wear their influences on their sleeves, but when it's this good, that doesn't really matter.",0,0,"Dec 23, 2002"
10,"I think this is an awesome followup to bron to do it featuring many marketable tracks that could have been brought out as singles e.g. eenie meenie,hands up in the air and two steps back.",0,0,"Jan  4, 2007"
10,"Its a different sound, but at the same time you know its Craig David. He makes it soeasy to make a certain sound his own. I love it!",0,0,"Nov 29, 2002"
10,"A brilliant sophomore effort. 'Rise & fall' with Sting is great, as are the title track, 'Hands up in the air' (my favorite), '2 steps back'. Craig is here to stay.",0,0,"Nov 30, 2002"
5,"This album is average compared to Born to Do it and all the songs are not good. In fact you will find yourself skipping a few songs. This is the type of ablum you could listen to a few weeks or maybe months and then you get bored like I did. In fact I got so bored and disappointed of this average follow up to born to do it that I sold it on Amazon.",0,0,"Dec  9, 2006"
7,"This is a solid follow up to his first album, with some good quality tracks. But unlike with the first album I found myself skipping tracks because they were weaker than his average. All in all worth the purchase, and worth the wait.",0,0,"Nov 26, 2002"
4,"some songs are good, very sentimental, but not made for her voice. She's a great siger, but not for these tipes of songs. Only mariah carey and Tony Braxton, Whitney houston could bring these songs alive. J.lo doasn't stand a chance. J.lo, stick to the dance r&b and latin Songs, that you're realy good at",0,0,"Jan 11, 2003"
10,"i can say that this album is the best i ever had! her music really rockz! all the songs in this album defines her... as her! and her voice is good... really good! her moves and looks absolutely rocks!!! and just wanna say that her voice really fits to the songz!!! she's the best and will forever be the best!!!",0,0,"Oct  1, 2003"
10,"It Is Realy Nice!",0,0,"Feb 18, 2003"
10,"This CD is 'ALL GOOD'....She's no Christina but she's not even trying to be???!!! So what's da' problem people??!!! When it comes to looks, body, dress sense, CLASS & style Christina is NO JLO. So lets stop dissin' Jlo's voice shall we.",0,0,"Mar  4, 2003"
10,"this is her best work yet. every songs a gem",0,0,"Mar  5, 2003"
2,"it really really sucks! boring, generic, hey i hated jenny from the block, but it's still the best song on the album! no wait, the best song is i'm gonna be alright, remix frim her PREVIOUS album.",0,0,"Jun  9, 2003"
8,"This had some nice love ballads on it",0,0,"Jan 10, 2006"
2,"this album sucked.",0,0,"Dec 19, 2002"
8,"Although it suffers from the laughably bad lead single 'Jenny From The Block' and the sickening 'Dear Ben' this is an otherwise warm, soulful and sexy album. It has however recieved aless than warm reception from critics, well frankly, I don't understand critics at times. They gave praise to Alicia Keys' highly derivative Songs In A Minor album because of her attention to songcraft overcoming her lack of originality. Why then don't they see that it's the very same case with this album? If anything this sounds much more contemporary than Alicia Keys' album and so, ends up sounds much more fresh. Also, rest assured this album is miles better than J.Lo. That album was a cold calculated excercise in trying repeat the success of Lopez's debut album, On The 6. Unfortunately, with MTV promoting more than ever, J.Lo became a huge undeserved success. This Is Me... Then won't sell as well as J.Lo did. There aren't enough kiddy pop tunes or forays into latin pop on here to appeal to the wider audience. Here, Lopez has found her focus and the result is a satisfying and enjoyable urban/pop album that arguabley surpasses On The 6.",0,0,"Oct 29, 2003"
7,"Nothing really special except for 'Baby I Love You', which is such an exceptionally good love song, it's impossible not to be moved by it. I loved that song!",0,0,"Oct  5, 2003"
9,"this is a great album. It shows people another side of J.Lo Not just how she presents her self but the way she fill and how she has grown to not let men run over her.",0,0,"Feb 23, 2003"
10,"10,because i can listen to it in its entirity without flicking through songs. And its refreshing esp with tracks like still , loving you",0,0,"Apr  4, 2003"
10,"I respekt and love Jlo.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2005"
4,"BORING! While I had enjoyed some of the dance/Latin tracks on her previous efforts, this album stands for the state of female RB today: bland, full of sappy cliches, and devoid of anything even remotely interesting. How many times can she sing 'oh baby' or 'I love you'?",0,0,"Dec  6, 2002"
2,"I have every single one of j.lo's c.d's and I have rather enjoyed all of them...until now. She cant sing for her life and besides Jenny from the Block all the songs are ballads that she cannot hit the notes on.",0,0,"Jan 13, 2003"
10,"I love all the lyrics and rithms in this CD",0,0,"Apr 28, 2006"
10,"nice sounds",0,0,"Apr 28, 2006"
1,"She really needs to work on her vocals. 'All I have' is a terrible example of what I mean. I love me some LL but that was a bad move mixing him with her whiny voice it did not go together at all. As for the rest of the cd she needs to come out with something more original after taking some serious singing lessons.",0,0,"Dec 25, 2002"
10,"'This is Me... Then' is the third studio album from Bronx born recording artist Jennifer Lopez. Released in 2002, the album spawned a global smash in the auto-biographical song 'Jenny From the Block' which has since become a classic staple of Lopez's discography. The album's second single 'All I Have' featuring LL Cool J is a mid tempo R&B ballad which marked a welcome change for Lopez away from her classic dance singles. Peaking at #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 this song has become an early 2000s classic. 'I'm Glad' and 'Loving You' are other clear stand outs from the album. 'This is me... Then' definitely has classic JLO written all over it and a lot of the songs have continued to live on in the following decades.",0,0,"May 26, 2016"
9,"Personally this is my fav JLo's album ! It's both personal and soft ! She expresses her love to Ben and how he made her felt ! A real love declaration ! Besides Jenny From the Block is really catchy ! So this is Jennifer Lopez... Then",0,0,"Jul 30, 2016"
10,"Oh My God!",0,0,"Apr 19, 2003"
10,"Im brazillian... and I have to say that this guys beats are addictive everywere in the world...",0,0,"Mar 29, 2004"
0,"I dunno why she made this cd, she is a wannabe, and the music videos are wierd! So stop monkeys from coming from outer space (its scary)!!!!!!!!!!!!",0,1,"Nov 21, 2002"
9,"This album is so good. If I could I would buy 10 more of them. Missy you did it again!",0,0,"Jan  9, 2003"
10,"Amazing, Simply Amazing,",0,0,"Dec 23, 2002"
9,"Missy (as usual) is OFF THE CHAIN!!!! The whole CD is bout it! More than 3 will be hits so add this one to your collection now.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2002"
10,"This CD is not only hott, but sends a good message! Missy has a great heart and spreads her love as much as possible!",0,0,"Feb 28, 2003"
9,"It took me a while to like this album as a whole. But it's hit.",0,0,"Oct  2, 2005"
9,"Crazy Cd for many reasons: creative, sick sick beats, awesome guests as always with Luda, Jay Z, Method Man, TLC...all around hype-ness.",0,0,"Dec 24, 2002"
8,"I might like it more after a few listens, but it's really grabbed right off the top. Missy is as great as ever, a truly wonderful hip hopper, most creative sound, and right up their with Eminem when it comes to rhymes and delivery.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2002"
10,"Missy is a huge ho! I love it!",0,0,"Feb 26, 2003"
9,"Damn....this album is fat, and when i say fat, I say it with a capital F. Girl I think you need to go under construction, so we could lipo some of yo fat raps out of yo ass. Word!!!",0,0,"Nov 23, 2002"
10,"i think it's good and i also think 'christian s' needs a slap in his/her head",0,0,"Dec 19, 2002"
5,"Everybody loves Missy, but this is her worst work. 'Work It' is the summer anthem of the album, and that's the high point. But Missy is very talented.",0,0,"Aug  9, 2013"
10,"One of the best albums of the decade. Every single song is strictly personal and this album saved her from doing drugs or ending up like Lindsay Lohan. I bet this is Christina's favourite album, aswell!",7,7,"Sep 13, 2011"
7,"One of her best work. Its my favourite album from her. My favourite tracks are Fighter and Beautiful.",1,1,"Mar 23, 2012"
8,"Although Stripped is all over the place, it delivers the raw emotion and soul that Ms. Aguilera's voice is best suited to. Not only does it showcase her powerful and dynamic voice, but also everything that she's experienced so far. Therefore, I believe that this album is one of the best albums in the decade.",1,1,"Feb 17, 2013"
2,"Just typical pop music. nothing inventive. And at about 80 minutes it gets very old.",0,5,"Oct 29, 2002"
4,"Just not much here. Good production values, which give it excellent sound, but it is a typical 2nd album mix of ballads, up-tempo songs, etc.. Clearly aimed at gaining time on playlists and MTV rotation. Just not very interesting. By her third album, sales will be way, way, down, and a fourth album is very questionable. She's well on her way to 'Christina Who?'.",0,1,"Jan  9, 2003"
0,"It sucks and I don't see anything special in her voice it sounds dark and doesn't sound right for her songs shes just copying britt. By making a mature album and has been ever since she came out she need to get her own image.",0,2,"Apr 23, 2004"
0,"This is all over the place. It's just bad.",0,1,"Jun 30, 2006"
0,"dont like it",0,1,"Jun  8, 2006"
0,"a tool of the corporate machine...you should all go listen to the roots 'pussy gallore'",0,1,"Dec  2, 2002"
0,"wow, 70 minutes of pure crap and bporing songs... stripped is so much a piece of chrstina's pubic hear",0,1,"Jan 30, 2005"
0,"Stop shouting at me Xtina, I have a headache",0,1,"Sep 19, 2005"
0,"You can't get worse than Christina Aguilera.",0,1,"Feb  7, 2006"
0,"An album strictly made for abused/repressed women and kids. No sane adult can enjoy this. Also her vocals are disastrous. She has a good voice but she can't sing to save her life",0,2,"Aug 25, 2009"
0,"Words can not describe my distaste for this album. Christina can sing, don't get the wrong message, but she does not apply the talent she posseses. On her first album, she had something to prove, but now that she is mainstream, she can make shit and have people gobble it up, because they recognize her and remember that she wasn't all that bad. Basicly she's just thrown some crappy beats with semi-deep lyrics and a helluva lot of sex appeal with a few guest stars. DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM! Spend your money on something a little better, something that qualifies as music.",0,1,"Jun 28, 2003"
0,"this is beyond crap",0,1,"Jul  4, 2005"
0,"disgusting. this bitch doesn't even deserve 1 point.",0,2,"Mar 22, 2007"
4,"Blah. It's over-worked and way too long. 20 tracks, each running at least 4 minutes and 30 seconds it's just too much, especially from a pop princess. She should've cut at least 8 tracks. And the interludes are just annoying. It's really hard to get her, as she focuses too much on a mature record, but goes a bit too far. Adults are more likely to say 'ugh,' and kids are sure to love it.",0,2,"Feb  2, 2008"
0,"she sucks... she needs to learn how to dress and sing!!!!!",0,3,"Nov 27, 2002"
0,"She is horrible.",0,1,"Aug 11, 2006"
0,"ugh............. the sounds out of a guys ass after stuffin his mouth with burritos from taco bell is more melodic than this! id rather choke on my puke than listen to this",0,2,"Sep 15, 2006"
0,"I can't believe the good reviews. What a trashy bitch, this shit is the worst.",0,1,"Nov 19, 2002"
1,"Her music is as trashy as her style and image",0,1,"Nov 29, 2002"
10,"horrible record.",0,1,"Mar 23, 2012"
10,"Amazing album!!! Amazing voice!!!",0,0,"Mar  5, 2004"
10,"i love this album!!!!",0,0,"Oct  4, 2006"
10,"One of the best album ever. Christina is fantastic, amazing, awesome. The best!",0,0,"Jun  2, 2009"
10,"This is without a doubt one of the best albums I have purchased in a long time. I can listen to it straight through and enjoy every song. Christina really comes through as an artist and shows off her amazing talent. All of the songs on this album have a certain issue that we can all relate to (especially us girls). I absolutley love it!!! Way to tell em Christina!!",0,0,"Nov  7, 2002"
10,"Love this album!her best one!",0,0,"Mar  3, 2004"
10,"This album is absolutely amazing in every way possible: vocals, lyrics, attitude, style...it's all great!",0,0,"Mar  1, 2006"
10,"Waw.. my all time fav. album!! That explains everything,, best vocalist out there.. at least one of the best.. every songs here are outstanding and meaningful.. trust me..",0,0,"Jun  7, 2007"
10,"Excellent album. I (as a guy) was hesitant to buy the album. And i thought to myself, 'well, if the album sucks, i still get a lot of pics of her.' But i was wrong. I can't get enough of this cd. Everything hits so well with all different moods and attitudes. The best songs on the album are 'Infatuation', 'Can't Hold us Down' and 'Dirrty.' She also provides some smoky, emotional singing on her slower tracks. I give her a lot of credit for taking control of her musical career and deciding to no longer be a puppet of her record company. In this album, we get to see who this wonderful singer really is, and everyone should own a copy of it.",0,0,"Nov  1, 2002"
10,"WOW - Christina at her best!!! Hi all...am from Singapore and I loved the Album when I first bought it and kept playing it over and over again! And there's one song that I am crazily in love with and that is 'Get mine, Get yours'...this song is absolutely sexy! Definately a song to be played in the night! :-) Apart from that, she's got the most amazing voice...and she's shown it with this Album...aIt's definately worth having and I hope she will not be slammed for being too dirrty or raunchy in her videos...she's got talent and let her shine! Why do people still want her to be a teen...let her grow and let her show the world what she's really like and let us embrace her rather than disgrace her! Well, Christina...you go girl! :-)))",0,0,"Nov 22, 2002"
6,"Not a bad album, but it functions more as a mood piece, since few of the songs are particularly memorable and unfortunately some of them devolve into the typical R&B style: oooh baby, yeah... (make sure voice starts low and rises two octaves), repeat. At least Britney is catchy!",0,0,"Nov 25, 2002"
10,"its so awsome! christina aguilera is #1. she kicks britneys ass all the way.",0,0,"Nov  4, 2002"
10,"GREAT CD ..her voice is absolutely beautiful and so are the lyrics of her ballads. the large amount of diversity just shows how talented she really is.",0,0,"Nov  5, 2002"
9,"A new Christina Aguilera comes out of her latest album, Stripped. She offers a new side of her personality as she sheds off her bubble gum appeal -- and her clothes as well. One might have heard the raunchy first single 'Dirrty' with Redman. It's a little bit in a rock side but once you get this album, one will notice that Dirrty stands out among the other tracks of this album. Stripped is not about dancing, and getting 'dirrty' but this album is about reflecting and seeing Miss Aguilera's emotions, mind and her songwriting capability for she co-wrotes almost all the tracks of this album. For those fans of the 'genie in the bottle,' this album is far from her first album. The diversity of this album is great and it needs an open mind for one to be able to appreciate this amazing album. The album Stripped is a personal album that is emotional and revolutionary. A big round of applause for Miss Christina Aguilera in her successful cross from being a pop blonde to a musical extraordinaire.",0,0,"Nov  7, 2002"
7,"She is hot so I give her a 7",0,0,"Dec 10, 2002"
10,"i love her song 'dirrrty' she has so much talent",0,0,"Dec  6, 2002"
10,"Very amazing,yes,it includes many styles,and almost every song is an individual style,I like it,and I'm also very glad to see she is always moving on,good talented girl!",0,0,"Dec  9, 2002"
10,"This album is amazing. I've listened to it multiple times now, and each time I listen it gets even better. The album has so much depth, so much diversity, and so much emotion and soul. And Christina's voice is better than ever, having grown and matured so much since her debut. Whatever you're thinking the album might be like, I can tell you that you're wrong. It's better than that. There's not one way to categorize it or to explain it, you really have to hear it for yourself. You'll be surprised by the passion she puts into soulful songs like 'Walk Away,' 'Loving Me 4 Me,' 'Impossible' and 'Underappreciated.' You'll be overcome with emotion listening to such personal stories, not songs but stories, like 'Beautiful,' 'The Voice Within,' and 'I'm OK.' You'll get down and dirty to tracks like 'Can't Hold Us Down,' 'Dirrty,' and 'Get Mine, Get Yours.' You'll for sure take notice of the branching out in genres Christina's done with songs like 'Fighter,' 'Make Over,' and 'Cruz.' And that's not even the half of it. All I can really say is just listen to it. Listen and you'll know just what I mean. Christina has launched herself into a whole other level with this album. I guarantee it has something for everyone and will pleasently surprise anyone who takes the time to listen.",0,0,"Oct 30, 2002"
10,"Great album, about the body... she has silicone in her tits, so I can't say she has a real body. But its a great album and she's great.It's realy personal album. I love it!",0,0,"Jan 11, 2003"
10,"this is one of the best pop records in recent memory. Christina sets the bar for all others to come. She blew me away with her diversity. The lyrics , her voice , the music the whole package is great. Not one weak track on this whole cd.",0,0,"Nov 19, 2003"
10,"this is christina's best album so far, she is absolutly amazing..! probobly now more than ever, because she's comfortable with herself and so honest with us the fans.. i guess that's what made this album so great",0,0,"May 27, 2003"
8,"Alternativ pop, a lot of very good numbers. After this record I diffently gonna see her live, when she comes to Copenhagen!!:-)",0,0,"Jun 18, 2003"
10,"When Miss Aguilera first appeared on the scene with her debut album 'Christina Aguilera,' I did not think much of her. I was young, still in Middle School...and her album did nothing for me. In fact, even though Christina towered over Britney's vocal ability, I seemed to like Britney more because of her stage presence, interesting songs, and ?cool? music videos?now the sands have shifted. I now laugh at Britney and other pop artists. You might consider Christina just another pop artist?but then you would be wrong. In her second English album, ?Stripped? Christina Aguilera has evolved from a pretty, delicate little flower to a , emotional, controversial diva with attitude. Her album has wonderful variety ranging from soft soulful R&B to rock to Latin to rap and hip-hop. Her songs have substance?they are full of emotion?and are sung wonderfully. Stripped truly shows Christina vocal ability?a caliber with Mariah and Whitney. They also have controversy and an intriguing sound. I love the album?it one of the best I have heard. I congratulate Miss Aguilera and cannot wait for her next album!",0,0,"Jun 24, 2003"
10,"this album is great! She does it all very well.This offering is too over the top. I luurrvvee her.",0,0,"Jul 13, 2003"
9,"WEll I've only heard some of this CD but Voice Within and Beautiful put oceans of distance between Christina and someone like Britney S. She has an amazing set of pipes but what I really amire in her is the way she gives 120% vocally. I just watched Come on Over Baby for comparison--I haven't been a fan up until now but the she's come light years since then.",0,0,"Mar 29, 2004"
10,"As a more golden oldie boy I typically prefer Elton John, Donna Summers, ABBA or so forth. So for the vast majority you can disrecgard this review. However Christina prior to this was not an artist in my vocabulary. Now Christina is an Empire. Let's be honest pop, rock, western who cares, her music is fresh original and different. Viva la Aguilera!",0,0,"Mar  5, 2004"
10,"ZI love christina...she doesnt use any computor on her vioce and youd beleive it if you would hear her in concert..she doesnt sound as good at concert but its hard when your dancen around n crap= anyone who tries to trash crhistina is jus jelous..she is kinda hoochi-but what pop singer doesnt dress like that for at least one album..-if you wanna trash some one-trash brittney-shes some one who shouldnt be a role model-christinas making a statement on this album- jessica simpson-i wanna be bad-did you see her outfit on that vidio!? brittney-i have no comment pink-come one now shakira-i love her but she dresses just like christina those are only a couple-christina is great! i dont care what anyone says! she deserves better than trash some people give her!",0,0,"May  1, 2004"
9,"this is a vocal masterpiece! no one with such talent in their voice has come out into the music scene in a long time. . . . i would give it a 10 but she might do her next album better so thats why im not! Gotts love her versatility to go from her hip hop beats to her hippy rock and her long preservering ballads. christina has definatly proved herself as an artist and ledged away from cliche 'pop' and gone down more intreaging talentfull Rhythm & blues, pop rock, & ballads to show off that voice! well done miss xtina! job wel done ! hot stuff",0,0,"Jun 16, 2004"
10,"fantastic this album makes you see that xtina has varied her talent and come up with the goods",0,0,"Sep 13, 2005"
10,"This album is PERFECT!",0,0,"Jul  1, 2006"
10,"No doubt All of songs in this album are so great!",0,0,"Feb 12, 2007"
10,"This album is da shit 4 these reasons. Aguilera is passionate and earnest in every one of her songs. She also knows how 2 make a song catchy and meaningful 2. Let's Get Dirrty Y'all!",0,0,"May  8, 2007"
10,"It's a very great album from the Pop Princess",0,0,"Jun 29, 2007"
10,"This is Christina's best album to date. It shows her maturity and growth as an artist.",0,0,"Jul 29, 2008"
10,"Great Album.",0,0,"Jun  2, 2009"
9,"I was not a fan of C.A but thought she at least had amazing vocal talent (fashion sense is for another rating...). I heard some 'Stripped' trackes while buying CD's and figured if 3 were good I'd pick it up. I can't believe she is getting crap in the press for too many styles on the CD when she should be given credit for trying things. And for the most part they all work. She is 21 years old... so of course she is trying on all kinds of styles/looks in all areas of her life. I am pretty sure if you like great female singing and styles of dance, hiphop, ballads - you'll be surprised by this CD's style and depth and enjoy it.",0,0,"Nov 10, 2002"
10,"This album is MORE than incredible. It is flawless, it is perfect. It is amazing, and anyone who says otherwise has NO taste in music what so ever.",0,0,"Nov  1, 2002"
10,"A really great album! Her vocal range is really something and the way she incorporated many genres of music makes this 'supposed' pop album more than the sum of its parts. Dirrty is a great song (and personally I feel a great video) but the album is very much not an extension of it. I am proud of her evolution from her last album and look forward to her work in the future",0,0,"Nov  2, 2002"
10,"This album can really entertain you! It does have every kind of music, pop,soul a little bit of rock etc. She has really grown and matured a lot knowing that the she co-written most of the songs, there's a different depth in it.",0,0,"Nov 20, 2002"
10,"it is frickin awesome! her best album ever. i'm not sure about the whole no clothes thing but the actual songs are crazy inspiring and just wicked to listen to! Go Chrisina we love you!!!!!",0,0,"Nov 26, 2002"
10,"This girl can sing ANYTHING! She has a natural talent, and it's nice to see a variety of songs! I love them and the lyrics!",0,0,"Nov  5, 2002"
10,"I got the cd when it came out and it hasn't left my cd player yet. Christinia sang her butt off, and the cd is teriffic. 4 stars girl.",0,0,"Nov  5, 2002"
10,"I love this girl! Christina has the most amazing voice in music today, and she shows it off excellently on this album. Ballads chuck full of soul, personal expressions and up-tempo jams like dirrty and get mine /get yours are simply beautifully song. This songstress is back with a vengence leaving her bubble gum pop past behind her.",0,0,"Nov  5, 2002"
9,"it's a great album from a from a great singer, so, what else do you need? She sings beautifully and she is beautiful. Her new hit 'Dirrty' and it's video it's amazing! I rate this new album '9'",0,0,"Nov  5, 2002"
10,"excellent work mrs. aguilera! respect!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Dec  1, 2002"
10,"I personally thinks this was a great cd for anyone who has had to deal with any difficulties. I love how she's changed even if people think she's trashy. It's too bad they can't respect her for who she is!",0,0,"Dec 11, 2002"
10,"I love how Christina finally got to use all of her vocal talents in this album. There is no other artist out there that could match her...atleast not for now :)",0,0,"Dec 12, 2002"
10,"I love this CD because she can really sing. Her other songs had excellent singing als ,but she said herself that this CD is her. And in this CD it shows her life. She tells a story of her life. She has a beautiful. And her songs can relate to most of the girls that listen to it. =) (=",0,0,"Dec 30, 2002"
10,"Oh my got this cd is good!! Luv the style.. Especially the different kind of songs atract me! Can't hold us down Beautiful Dirrty are 3 of the best songs of the album. But all of them are also good.. no let me put it in a different way: they're great!",0,0,"Dec  5, 2002"
10,"What a pleasant surpise! Did not have the commercial acclaim that I expected it to, so I was hesitant to buy it. Critics like Village Voice surprise me sometimes with their comments. It is WONDERFUL. She can sing anything. Not cutesy for little children but rather clever and well written. She deserves more from her fans who probably didn't give it a second try.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2003"
10,"Awesome!is the one word that can describe this album..I absolutely enjoyed it from the first to the last track..Christina's voice is fantastic..I could listen to it over and over again..and each track just gets better as you go on...Definitely X-tina's best album yet! GREAT WORK!",0,0,"Nov 29, 2003"
10,"increible album!!! christina is the best!!",0,0,"Dec 25, 2003"
10,"X-tina really has matured in this album. She's got a sense of humanity and responsibility. This is her work and I think that she truly opened up sincerly and did a great job at it. She proves to have talent not only as a singer, but also as a musician. I give X-tina an A+. Good job, girl!!!",0,0,"Feb 18, 2003"
10,"i like it alot!",0,0,"Feb 26, 2003"
10,"I think christina has the most best vioce out of all pop stars and that I love all her songs starting from Genie in a bottle. P.s I think she should win all the awards.",0,0,"Mar 13, 2003"
9,"I was very very surprise at the quality of this album, not a great christina fan before but I am now. Its refreshing not to hear all R & b or rapping all the time. dirty is the worst track by far .brilliant",0,0,"May  9, 2003"
10,"Was never a christina fan before but this album is amazing and so diverse. She has always had the best voice of the current pop stars but now she is actually using it for something other than bubble gum songs. Powerful, refreshing, this album is great.",0,0,"Jul 22, 2003"
10,"Amazing christina comes alive in this album i thought at first i would not like the album after reading reviews saying it was a womens cd it is not it is fantastic.",0,0,"Jan 18, 2004"
10,"watta great songs!,tracks!!,inspirational,rock,pop,r&b,etch..... Vocally great!!! she can reach those high notes and can turn it down to almost a whisper!!.and unlike other artist cant do.",0,0,"Apr 13, 2004"
9,"Having already proven she can sing better than Britney, Christina now proves she can have a better album than Britney. This is completely different to anything Ms Spears would do so to the person saying Xtinas copying her maybe you should actually listen to the album. Britneys success is down to the fact that she was in the right place at the right time. She should have stuck to her dancing and leave the singing to the real stars.",0,0,"Aug 11, 2004"
10,"This is a grat cd and offers much encouragment for people who have experienced some of the things christina has. It shows that she is normal and that shitty things happen to her too.",0,0,"Sep 22, 2004"
10,"Christina has the most beautiful and rangy voice in the music industry. Can people say the same. Christina gets alot of trash about how she looks, but she is not afraid to be herself, she is not gonna stop because people criticize her. She makes music out of meaning. Can Britney say the same. Britney can't sing, so what is the point of her being in the industry. Christina will beat Britney any time.",0,0,"Feb 23, 2005"
10,"Great album! Christina co-wrote all the songs and I think it's great she wants to do things for herself now.",0,0,"Sep 24, 2005"
10,"The best pop album released this century, period. I've played this to death in my car and I still can't get enough of it. A goldmine of well crafted songs and excellent hooks, this album allows Christina to show a new maturity and sensitivity in her singing. She gives 100% to every track and her voice is truly outstanding. This album is all killer and no filler. Roll on 2006 and a new album!",0,0,"Jan  8, 2006"
9,"I think that this album is tirifek But when i hear some of you saying she is better than britney she dosent come close",0,0,"Sep 18, 2006"
10,"this is the best album i've ever heard",0,0,"Jun 15, 2007"
10,"Amazing!!!!...this album is very good.",0,0,"Aug 23, 2007"
10,"This is one of the best album ever. I disagree with this score.",0,0,"Feb  7, 2009"
9,"I was not a fan of C.A but thought she at least had amazing vocal talent (fashion sense is for another rating...). I heard some 'Stripped' trackes while buying CD's and figured if 3 were good I'd pick it up. I can't believe she is getting crap in the press for too many styles on the CD when she should be given credit for trying things. And for the most part they all work. She is 21 years old... so of course she is trying on all kinds of styles/looks in all areas of her life. I am pretty sure if you like great female singing and styles of dance, hiphop, ballads - you'll be surprised by this CD's style and depth and enjoy it.",0,0,"Nov 10, 2002"
10,"She's the best singer in the world, she has grown up a lot since her first album",0,0,"Nov 11, 2002"
10,"This album is truly amazing, I love her and her music she is just so beautiful and creative. This album is my favorite one so far. There is not one song that i dont like from the album Stripped. I think she is just truly amazing. I love you X-Tina.",0,0,"Nov  1, 2002"
10,"Don't judge this album by the first single 'Dirrty'. The rest of the album is practically flawless. The songs 'Walk Away' and 'Impossible' really show what Christina is made of. What is also amazing is Christina wrote virtually every song on the album. Stripped is the album that Christina will be remembered for.",0,0,"Nov  1, 2002"
10,"It is the best of christina! She is a great artist and a wonderful natural singer. She came out with the 'real' her and it's better than anything she has ever done. she is like an idol to me. And 'Stripped' is the best cd i have ever had!",0,0,"Nov 12, 2002"
10,"I love this album! I could not wait for it to come out, and I am not dissappointed. It's better than I thought it would be. And trust me, I hated Christina and her previous Britney rival image. This album shows her true, raw talent!",0,0,"Nov 13, 2002"
10,"This album is awsome it's nothing liek her last one she really is stripped!! and she really dug deep down in her self to make this album and that's why it's so great. christinas her self now and britney's still syaing she hasn't had sex... boy will the world be abetter place when ms' my boobs r real' finall admits she's had sex",0,0,"Nov  2, 2002"
10,"best cd of the year, and my favorite ever, every song i love, and that never happens, she is the best talent we have out there, amazing, amazing, i can not take the cd out of my car or work player, will be a true classic",0,0,"Nov 22, 2002"
10,"this thing is the best, i dont see why everyone has such a problem with people showing you who they really are. its like they're afraid that she might actually be human",0,0,"Nov 27, 2002"
10,"Christina Aguilera's 'Stripped' is a magnificent achievement - an absolutely sublime 20-track, 78-minute opus that showcases the artist's unmatched vocal abilities. It's an astonishingly resonant, strikingly revealing, must-hear record that sets a milestone in Xtina's career. Standout tracks are 'Walk Away,' 'Fighter,' 'Impossible,' 'Beautiful,' 'Cruz,' and 'Dirrty.' Finally doing things the way she wants them done, Aguilera's masterpiece is good for the soul. Unlike anything heard or to be heard in 2002, 'Stripped' is undeniably the best album of the year.",0,0,"Nov  3, 2002"
0,"boring, what happened to the songwriting?",0,0,"Sep 13, 2004"
10,"Amazing! So good.",0,0,"Mar 13, 2005"
8,"Not confusing at all ... diverse and stimulating tracks on a great album that has obviously been misunderstood!",0,0,"Oct 23, 2002"
7,"lots of brilliant beats and vocals but in general a bit confusing",0,0,"Sep 12, 2002"
10,"I love Mount Sims. THis is a great CD. The lyrics are amazing.",0,0,"Mar 22, 2004"
9,"This CD isn't perfect, but it's best moments are the ideal stripped down electric sound that is just a tiny bit melodic. It's the best of the 80's New Wave condensed into a single CD. Best songs in this order Hollywood Bride, Together Alone, We Electric, How We Do and good service. The rest is on the whole is good enough to create a really good CD",0,0,"Mar 28, 2003"
9,"dopeness",0,0,"Aug 10, 2005"
10,"mount sims and his music are amazing!",0,0,"Jan 29, 2006"
10,"i would like too make music with mount sims.cool band",0,0,"May 25, 2006"
9,"Mt. Sims is the next thing in music. Just as I was ready to give up on what has become ultra pop music, he brings back memories of 80's with beats and lyrics sure to become classics. Don't think this album will be that huge, but like most innovative bands, this will be one of the must have albums as he rockets into future super stardom.",0,0,"Dec 21, 2002"
10,"the greatest music i ever heard....",0,0,"Dec 25, 2004"
10,"The best party album ever!... Ok, that's an obnoxious and lazy over-exaggeration. It's a bloody good party album with not one duff track.",0,0,"May 12, 2004"
3,"I guess it's a very fine collection, but how could they forget The Stone Roses - a soundtrack like this will never be perfect without the crown jewel!",0,0,"Oct 24, 2002"
7,"Fine compilation of a typically overhyped and overblown period in UK rock -- the new New Order track is excellent.",0,0,"Aug 13, 2002"
8,"A great sample of what Factory were putting out at that time. And guys, The Stone Roses, were not on Factory. Which is probably why they didnt get a showing.",0,0,"Apr 20, 2007"
10,"I already had the songs as a consequence of apreciating the Manchester music scene of the 70s and 80s. Of course, not having the Stone Roses present is a major gap that shouldnt exist. Hacienda forever.",0,0,"Nov 24, 2002"
10,"First class music!!!!",0,0,"May 30, 2002"
10,"Fresh style, mexico, groovy, fun, alternative, great.",0,0,"Apr  7, 2008"
9,"Incredible!!!!",0,0,"Oct 31, 2002"
8,"I really like this Spanish groove. The horns on 'soun tha . . .' make me jump back.",0,0,"May 29, 2002"
10,"You gotta love this stuff!!! I saw them live and they are the best. Totally diggin' this sound from Mexico. Dale gas chicos",0,0,"Oct  1, 2003"
10,"An excellent album, Truly transcendent. Crosses genres and styles. Deftly mixes electronica with rock and Mexican music. I only wish I saw them when they were in L.A.",0,0,"May 28, 2002"
9,"Just saw them live and they have incredible talent that made the whole venue move!",0,0,"Jun 28, 2005"
10,"This was such a hot CD, and then you listen to it again, and you fall in love...",1,1,"Sep 11, 2003"
9,"Synth new wave electro is returning in full force due to MKATH..rock on fellows",0,0,"Oct 20, 2002"
8,"very cool retro",0,0,"May  9, 2002"
10,"excelent retro wave.... i saw miss kittin live here in valparaiso and it was incredible.. also this cd is very good..",0,0,"Aug 28, 2003"
10,"Not being a big fan of Brandy's, I was quite reluctant to pick this one up. I am SO glad I did. Her life is maturing beautifully, and it shows on this disc. Underrated is definitely the word of choice to describe it. 'Wow' and 'Come a Little Closer'glow sublimely, 'All in Me' is pure sexiness with its groaning bassline, and her ballads such as 'He Is','Nothing', and especially 'Love Wouldn't Count Me Out' are breathtaking. Music rarely forces me to tears, but 'Love Wouldn't...' does everytime I listen to it. I sincerely hope she continues on her path to true happiness.",0,0,"Oct 12, 2002"
8,"It could have been better if the remake of I Die Without You wouldn't be included, but in closure, she's definitely showcasing her womanhood on this record.",0,0,"Mar 30, 2002"
9,"Yea, Brandy's cd is excellent, the soft key Ballads truly eximplify her strong voice. For more info visit http://www.brandyconnection.com",0,0,"Dec  5, 2002"
7,"Every#1 who says Brandy is over!(oh my god) get over yourself let her try new things she has the talent!?",0,0,"Jul 16, 2002"
10,"I love this album.",0,0,"Jan 10, 2003"
8,"Great album. A lil too much of Jerkins'electronic hops-skips-and jumps, but it keeps you funky and the ballads really shine. 'When you touch me' is the best Brandy ballad ever!!",0,0,"Jan  3, 2003"
10,"One of the very best R'n'B albums to date, Brandy is the best vocalist/entertainer of the naughties. No album fillers, you can tell Brandy and her team put real genuine effort into each track.",0,0,"Feb  3, 2005"
10,"This almbum is a great album that symbolizes her womanhood. All of the songs on that album talks about the things that she has learned while growing up in life. It talks about her past and resent relationship. Of coure every person makes mistakes. Brandy did the best i have ever heard before. But, there has been thimes that I tought that she went overbord with the streeching of her voice. In the song i thought she does go a little too far. But the beat and bass is hot! She is gettin' sexual in the songs. And i can't wait till the next album is done so i can enjoy her even more thawt in do now!",0,0,"Nov 15, 2002"
10,"Because she doin' again on her 3rd album is crunk da bomb! Luv Ya,Brandy!!!!!!!",0,0,"May  2, 2002"
9,"I think the CD is awesome, from start to finish. I think she's a bit ahead of her time with some of the beats, so people who are not used to change might find it hard to handle. I love the way she shovles her brother in all of HER work, what love. She's dynamic,edgy,groovy,and those vocals on He IS are to die for. Luv it nuff said..",0,0,"Sep 14, 2002"
9,"Full Moon is definitely the best Brandy album. I can't understand why some people say there is a lot of slow material. The only low-tempo material is: WHEN YOU TOUCH ME, LIKE THIS, HE IS, COME A LITTLE CLOSE, AND LOVE WOULDN'T COUNT ME OUT. WHEN YOU TOUCH ME, COME A LITTLE CLOSE, and LOVE WOULDN'T COUNT ME OUT are excellent, and I can listen to LOVE WOULDN'T COUNT ME OUT forever, it in my opinion, is the best song on the whole c.d. I love the up-tempo stuff too. The only thing I don't appreciate on this album is that there are pro-tools used on this album, but only on the up-tempos, the ballads however aren't pro-tooled, which is really good because that is when she really has to show her vocals. My favorite up-tempos are All in Me (I especially like how she raps at the end), It's Not Worth It, What About Us?, and the mid tempos Wow and Full Moon.",0,0,"Aug 17, 2005"
10,"Best CD i own, i can hear the whole cd without skipping a track. It takes a god artist to pull that off",0,0,"Jan 24, 2007"
0,"Brandy is over!!!!",0,0,"Apr 18, 2002"
6,"its a pretty good album but could use some more songs n better beats brandy is the best women singer tho!:)",0,0,"Apr 19, 2002"
10,"This is Brandy's greatest album by far! Her voice has evolved onto another level. With Brandy's soothing voice, Jerkin's millineum inspired tracks and clever song lyrics, this album is definitley one you can listen to all the way through!!",0,0,"May 28, 2002"
10,"This is old of Brandy's best albums to date. It's very creative! I love that about Brandy. She always pushes herself to do different things with her music and voice. This is my favorite Brandy album!",0,0,"Sep 30, 2013"
10,"Fever is one of the best pop/dance albums ever made, with fantastic up tempo and stylish songs like 'CGYOOMH', 'In your eyes', 'love at first sight' and 'Fragile'.",1,1,"Feb 16, 2007"
10,"Without a doubt Kylie's best album and an often overlooked masterpiece. Stemming from the extreme quality and pure nostalgia of this album, I would regard this as my favourite album of all time, not a single weak track and they all hold many great memories, 10/10.",1,1,"Dec 15, 2015"
10,"Pop/Dance album masterpiece. There is arguably NO weak track on this cohesive album.
Highlights are the record breaking 'Can't Get You Out of My Head', the cheerful 'Love at First Sight', the immersive 'In Your Eyes', and some other hidden gems like 'Love Affair', 'Your Love'.
The b-sides/extras from that era were amazing tracks as well, from 'Rendezvous at Sunset' to 'Good Like That', without forgetting the timeless 'Tightrope'.",1,1,"Oct  4, 2015"
10,"I'm a Kylie fan for so many years, and this is definitely her best album ever! Even the DVD of the fever-tour is amazing. I wish  I could turn back time...",2,3,"Dec  7, 2013"
9,"An excellent return to form as Kylie pops into the 21st century with a fresh face. This album will probably be considered the epitome of her career, fun/fast and amazing.",0,1,"Mar 23, 2014"
10,"A sophisticated, frisky, and enthralling collection of dance pop. Kylie Minogue continues to shine.",0,0,"Mar 22, 2002"
9,"The album is pretty much interesting jampacked with amazing tracks. With the lalala-ish song Can't Get You Out of My Head and the infectious In Your Eyes, this is really an amazing album for those disco fans.",0,0,"Mar 28, 2002"
9,"This CD is better than I expected. Her previous European albums flopped here, but in 'Fever' she really proved us wrong. This smart, and well put together album really gets you going with songs like 'Come into My World' and the steaming 'Burning Up'.",0,0,"Nov  1, 2002"
8,"This is a surprisingly good pop album. I was shocked to hear it wasn't loaded with filler. It maintains a high quality throughout. Make your girlfriend happy and listen to this with her.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2002"
9,"Her comeback began with the underrated 'Light Years', who was one of the best popalbums in 2000. After that succes comes Fever, which is just as good, maybe even better. You feel the atmosphere of being in a nightclub wearing high heel pumps. It is a 'glad to be female' album... Highligts are 'Love at first sight', 'CGYOMH', 'Fever', 'Fragile' and 'Your Love'.",0,0,"Nov 24, 2003"
1,"a load of crap",0,1,"Sep 22, 2004"
8,"Brutal individual songs.... as a whole... could be more compact...",0,0,"Mar  6, 2005"
7,"'Come With Us' sees the Chems doing what they do best: laying down blistering beats while making music that's as mentally stimulating as it is booty-shaking. A must have for Chem fans and anyone else who loves a good beat.",0,0,"Mar 16, 2002"
9,"The Chemical Brothers show there diverse talent on each track unlike anyone else. This album explores every aspect of electronic music, and is done very well.",0,0,"Jul  7, 2006"
10,"Just listen 'The test'.It does not intend to be emotionally affecting.It is phantasmagorical. It is probably reminiscence of some LCD (for example) experience.All CB music is like other, parallel and more beautiful reality and every CB album is discovery of a new aspect of that syntethical paradise.",0,0,"Feb 18, 2008"
10,"Bros at their best. tragically overlooked.",0,0,"Jul  7, 2008"
8,"Rather liked it. Makes me want to dance like a crazy meth whore.",0,0,"Jan 15, 2002"
10,"Looooooooovee retro feelings....loing live to electro/poo...80's style rulessssssssssssss (,')",0,0,"Jul  2, 2003"
7,"Dat's da wurst title I evah hurd! Fine music doh.",0,0,"Nov 13, 2002"
8,"Viciously cool and glitzy indeed. Perfect pop for catwalkers. And the record breathes a true statement: sex, drugs and rock and roll are over.... everybody wants to be Hollywood...",0,0,"Feb  6, 2002"
10,"la la land",0,0,"Jan 15, 2002"
10,"Deep, yet accessible due to its fun, melancholy nature. The best of its genre, with its sheer variation keeping you listening again and again.",5,5,"Mar 17, 2009"
10,"Just listen to Frontier Psychiatrist, Since I Left you, and Electricity. Then, try to tell me that this album deserves anything less than a perfect score.",2,2,"Nov 11, 2012"
10,"The first classic of dance music of the century.",1,1,"May 25, 2002"
10,"This may be one of the greatest achievements in the history of music",1,1,"May  7, 2006"
10,"Normally, I don't give out 10's but... This record reminds me of when the TV and the Radio was worth listening to. It reminds me of lying down on the couch with the sun's rays through the curtains of your house. It's a small, maybe medium place, but it's your own house, your property and you love it. This record reminds me of the only thing good about summer; the mood it puts on everything else. In short, I love this album.",1,1,"Nov 29, 2011"
1,"This has to be the most overrated cd ot the last 10 years. Sure it sounds different from other cd's, but so does the sound of a dentist drill. I have no desire to hear either sound again.",0,13,"Jun 11, 2005"
10,"A great headphone album that would also be a hit at any party. Enjoyable at the first listen, and the 100th too.",0,0,"Jul 24, 2002"
10,"It's like Night Ripper in the 50's, 60's, and 70's, multiplied by four thousand.",0,0,"Feb 28, 2008"
10,"My all time favourite. Summer funk that just doesn't stop.",0,0,"Jan  7, 2002"
9,"absolutely fantastic,the perfect summer record",0,0,"May 13, 2002"
10,"Now, I wouldn't normally give an album a 'Ten', but over 2 years after it's release this disc is still my No.1 favourite. I might not play it everyday, but if someone says'Hey, what's your favourite a;bum?' then for the last coupla years the answer's been 'Avalanches, 'Since I Left You', man.')",0,0,"Jun  3, 2003"
9,"Seamless, awe-inspiring.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2003"
10,"The best album I have heard in a very long time!",0,0,"Jan 27, 2005"
10,"Wow!",0,0,"Oct 28, 2005"
10,"Opeed my eyes to sampling and nothing else since has come close. Equinoxx, if you know better please tell me, because this disc is toe tappin' good from the first beat to the last. *Frontier Psychiatrist is worth the purchase alone.",0,0,"Jun  2, 2005"
10,"Absolutely Brilliant! Off the wall cuts and samples. I've listened to it 100 times and I hear a new beat or fade every time Frontier Psychiatrist should just about single-handedly redefine the genre. It's crazy-cool",0,0,"Nov 13, 2006"
10,"I hate to say this, but this may be the best album about the joy of music ever made. I have heard nothing better. A superb, superb, accomplishment.",0,0,"Mar 28, 2006"
10,"It's now almost 2008 and this album still is on top of my cd pile. Nice one Dexta!!",0,0,"Oct 10, 2007"
10,"The Avalanches bring a highly original mashup of samples from all over the places, to create their debut album Since I Left You. Everything moulds together perfectly to create a whacky adventure through music, as cliche as it sounds, bouncing with energy through every track. I don't think I've put only a single track on without having to listen to the whole album.",0,0,"Jan 22, 2008"
10,"Since I Left You, when listened to as a whole, is evocative of every huge, nightlong, multilocation banger you've ever experienced.",0,0,"Oct  8, 2008"
10,"Despite what The Onion says, 'Endtroducing...' is still the best sample-based album of all time, but this is a close second.",0,0,"Dec  1, 2001"
6,"I really cant believe i was tricked into buying this CD i should have when i went to strawberries and they didnt have it , dont get me wrong i do see potetential cleaning with this record on, but i was so confused by the back and forth skip of this cd that i lost interest after a while . well the 1st day i bought it . sorry guys. just my opinon.",0,0,"Dec 10, 2001"
9,"This is very good music.",0,0,"Oct  9, 2002"
10,"if my job is hearing cd's the avalanches since I left you cd would be my summer lazy-afternoon vacation on a damn cruise.",0,0,"Jun 20, 2002"
10,"Since I Left You is a sample-riddled mix-tape you'll swear The Avalanches made just for you.",0,0,"Jun 29, 2002"
9,"A classic album that shows the true power of the DJ sample. A truly excellent record that will probably never become outdated.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2003"
10,"Brilliant unique sound, a lifting tune with a sound that everyone will like, absolutely great to listen to whenever.",0,0,"Jun 27, 2003"
9,"not quite a masterpiece, but darn close, very close.",0,0,"Jun  7, 2004"
10,"A classic.",0,0,"Aug 16, 2004"
10,"i loved this cd, it is a classic and simply the best!!",0,0,"Jan  4, 2005"
10,"Truly one of the greatest albums of all time.",0,0,"Sep 23, 2005"
9,"Just fucking brilliant!",0,0,"Nov  2, 2006"
10,"This is one of those albums where you listen to from front to back and don't want it to end. Definitely one of my favorite albums",0,0,"Oct  5, 2007"
10,"I got this album about 2 weeks ago, and havn't listened to a different album yet. I have listened through it about 10 times, and it is one incredible album. My only complaint would be that towards the end of the album it because a little to ambitious, and creative, in a way it looses focus a bit. But you could also respect this aspect. All in all, you need to hear this album, it's one of the greatest of the decade.",0,0,"Feb  2, 2007"
10,"oh yes thank you",0,0,"Nov 12, 2001"
10,"Album of the year so far...",0,0,"Nov 25, 2001"
10,"can't wait for this album to spark in north america",0,0,"Dec 17, 2001"
10,"Unbelievable album...bought on a whim and now it's a permanent fixture in my stereo. Just sit back, relax, and listen...",0,0,"Dec 21, 2001"
10,"Strap on a pair of Depends or take a shot of Metamucil when you listen to this album, because you soil your shorts... it's that good.",0,0,"Dec 31, 2001"
10,"Blows my mind. There was some kid on something at a party who was going crazy to this music. I can only imagine...",0,0,"Dec  2, 2002"
9,"I didn't realize the genius of this album til I listened to it high. It's a cruise through a sea of music. Brilliant!",0,0,"Mar 11, 2002"
6,"When I first heard this CD I wanted to immediatly return it. But I forced myself to listen and it grew on me a bit but then hit a plateau. I think because the music is all samples and it doesn't seem to have a soul of its own.",0,0,"Mar 28, 2002"
10,"Made me feel like like I was floating",0,0,"Sep 27, 2002"
7,"At frist listen i thought this was a excellent album but after another it just got on my nerves and sounded totally stupid especially when compared to sample masterpiece 'Endtroducing'......",0,0,"Feb 13, 2003"
10,"The best. no doubt about it",0,0,"Jul 24, 2003"
9,"Super incredible technical mixing from a internet user who claims he used to be a DJ for cred but really just owns an ipod. This album is depth.",0,0,"Dec 14, 2005"
7,"Very good album, would give 7.5 if I could. I thought 9 initially then I considered other albums I own of this type...",0,0,"May 18, 2005"
9,"I'll feel sorry for your taste in music, Larry S. This album is genius. Not just worth checking because of all the samples, but worth checking out because it is just flat out fun to listen to. Put it on in the background of your next party, the perfect soundtrack to a Friday night.",0,0,"Jul 21, 2005"
10,"This album is a revelation,never been so moved by sound!",0,0,"Aug 29, 2005"
10,"Just an unbelievably emotional dance music album. Comparisons to Discovery aren't unwarranted. Everyone knows it's energetic and fun, but beyond that, tracks like A Different Feeling, Etoh, Close To You, (the whole album, to a degree, really) have a sort of melancholy wistfullness that can't have been accidental. They hit the mark.",0,0,"Sep 11, 2006"
10,"One of the most unique albums i have ever heard. it surprises you everytime, with the witty, the joyful and the sad. an outstanding album in every sense.",0,0,"Sep 14, 2006"
10,"Anything other than 10 would be criminal. Listening to it now on the eve of 2008, and it's still so far ahead of the game it's embarrassing.",0,0,"Dec 30, 2007"
10,"One of best electronic music albums of history.",0,0,"Jul 31, 2007"
10,"i love the cd. its one of the best ones i have",0,0,"Dec 21, 2001"
10,"Enthralling listen, before its time. All 3500+ samples are brought together brilliantly to create a modern masterpiece. I am slightly pissed off though, that being due to the fact that their second album is set to be released 11 years after Since I Left You and one year from now!",0,0,"Jun  9, 2011"
6,"This record is to be listened to as a whole from start to finish. It's a long collage of different mixes and sounds. If your into mixing and the like it's good but if you like a good structured song then this is not for you. I'm sure some people think this album is great but I think the album is over rated in general. I'll give it credit in that it is original and tries to break some new ground and considering it's over 10 years old, it still sounds very fresh and modern but the mashed together style doesn't appeal to me for a whole album.",0,0,"Oct 21, 2011"
10,"Un album qui reste pionnier dans son domaine. Le mythe nous raconte que cet album contient 3500 samples d'autres disent 1000  1500 samples. Qu'importe, l'assemblage est impressionnant, l'coute est l'est tout autant. Un grand album !",0,0,"Apr 11, 2012"
10,"Deep, soothing and fun all tied together in a perfect album. There's just nothing like it out there. I highly recommend listening to it from start to finish for the best experience.",0,0,"Apr 15, 2013"
9,"The Avalanches is the best album to play at a party. They are seriously amazing in their mixing of over 3000 samples. I love this band so much and they sound incredible.",0,0,"Mar  7, 2015"
10,"13 years, and over 100 listens later, this album deserves nothing less than a perfect score. Everything about this album is perfectly crafted to make one of the most danceable, psychedelic, electronic, symphonic, and eclectic albums of the last decade. Worth it. Worth every precious second of anyone's time.",0,0,"Mar 12, 2014"
10,"this one got me into groove armada, its sublime from start to finish... much better than lovebox... highlights: the sonic trip Drifted, Little By Little and the similar single My Friend, Fogma and Superstylin'",0,0,"Jul 18, 2007"
9,"Groove Armada's best album!! This a definite must-have.",0,0,"Jun 24, 2003"
10,"Amazing work. A funk album that actually stands up to all the other ones out there with unique sounds and rhythms. If you're a fan of Jamiroquai, there's no way you can be disappointed with this album.",0,0,"Aug  2, 2007"
8,"BRING BACK THOSE FUNKY TUNES MAN. exellent acoustic songs in there as well (black crow). sum songs ain't that good but well worth gettin",0,0,"Sep 25, 2001"
10,"Great I love it",0,0,"Nov  5, 2003"
7,"Mmmmmm...doesn't sound as natural as their previous works. Too many machines...",0,0,"Jan 29, 2004"
10,"Beautiful!!! Every song is fantastic in this album",0,0,"Apr 25, 2007"
7,"This is my least favorite Jamiroquai album, but I still absolutely love it. Jay Kay has a knack for making quality funk music, and the musicians in the band are so skilled at what they do--they are definitely some of the best out there. Love the backup singers, as well. Perfect music for a night at the discotheque.",0,0,"Oct  9, 2012"
10,"Title track is real real fresh!",0,0,"Jun 27, 2006"
9,"Utah Saints Rule! Haven't said that in 10 years. This album is my coffee in the morning, my revival at lunch and my let's party all night in the evening. Three Simple Words is truly awe inspiriling(new word) and Lost Vagueness is just damn HOT!! Good job boys!!",0,0,"Feb 20, 2002"
10,"It rocks...as good or better than the first! BUY THIS CD!",0,0,"Oct  9, 2001"
10,"This is an amazing piece of work, one of the most emotional electronic albums I have heard-the promotion must have been rubbish, as I only just found out that it exists two months ago! One of Musics well kept secrets-buy this album, you will not regret it! 'Lost Vagueness' is truly beautiful song, as is 'Three simple words'.Amazing.",0,0,"Jun 23, 2003"
10,"Beautiful brilliant album... Rock/house/ambient whatever... Original music, great way of dealing with samples and rhythm. Didn't know Utah Saints made a second album until some months ago I bought 'Two' in a secondhand cd shop in Duesseldorf for five euro!!! I'm glad I found it!",0,0,"Mar 19, 2004"
10,"This album is awesome, if you have an open mind to electronic styles, then you will not be disappointed! The track Lost Vagueness is probably the most beautiful piece of music I have ever heard.",0,0,"Feb 25, 2002"
9,"More accessible; and better in almost every way than their first album. (excluding 'trip like I do' -of course :-)",0,0,"Aug  2, 2001"
10,"This is not the best album by The Crystal Method, but it was sure better than Legion Of Boom. But it was still very good. But I still really like it so i still give it a definate 10!",0,0,"Jan  4, 2006"
8,"What the heck is going with this reviwer. He has some kind of vendetta against music that he has no comphension of. The Methods follow up is strong but not ground breaking. It doesn't move above the level but holds it own well. Do yourself a favor Stones reviewer and stop being so up tight. Your so caught up in rigid expectations of the catagory you blindly label on all electronic music, that you forget that with the Method, it's all about the groove.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2001"
9,"An all around good album, Even better than the last",0,0,"Feb 19, 2002"
10,"This album rocked my socks off!",0,0,"Apr 30, 2004"
10,"This has to be the baddest cd I bought twice. I'd seen 'the name of the game video, and I was hooked!' I bought the cd and it changed my life. Every time I listened to it, I either wanted to work out or break dance. Not long after that I got all their cd's, even community service. Three months ago, I accidentally sat on my cd and broke it, I had to go and by it again.",0,0,"Apr  9, 2004"
10,"DAAAAAAMMMM!!!!!this album kicks the hell out of prodigy hands down! over the line is crazy man! neone who hates tech 2 the kore was blaring that song 4 a week here!",0,0,"Jan 26, 2005"
10,"This album is awesome",0,0,"Oct 23, 2001"
9,"Great CD! A nice contrast to the last album, and a pleasure to listen to.",0,0,"Aug 23, 2001"
10,"This album hits you on every level!",0,0,"May 28, 2002"
10,"I think it's awesome. I loved Vegas! If I could only have one cd it would be Vegas....Tweekend would be my second choice!",0,0,"Jun 27, 2002"
10,"Pure 10...TCM pull off what related-genre bands all strive for,but seldom come close to doing.Scott and Ken find that infectious,raw,addictive,maniacal wall of sound that most musicians never find.-I know people don't listen to this kind of music,whom I have exposed to TCM,and they never agian look at pock or electronica music the same-nor can they take the damn cd out of their players....an absolute must have for anyone who has any sense for groove music,or rock,for that matter...reviewers,you need to find another profession,if you don't get it.-and it really seems most of you just don't get it.-can you believe those guys get paid to do this?",0,0,"Jun  9, 2002"
10,"Great stuff. very little change from 'vegas', but thats a good thing considering that VEGAS was great. I like TCM's sound far more than the band that theyre often compared to 'The Chemical Brothers', who only seem to have 3 or 4 good trax on each album.",0,0,"Aug  9, 2002"
10,"strait awsome",0,0,"Feb 22, 2005"
10,"TWEEKEND is totally off the wall. Crank up your headphones and be completely blow the hell away. These new beats are totally SICK! Full of energy and reaching a higher level of creativity. Me gives 2 thumbs up.....it's Shmegtastic!!!!!",0,0,"Dec 26, 2001"
8,"Great followup disc. Music of this kind sounds great on disc but live and in concert is where it really blows your mind.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2001"
10,"to all the people who dont like this cd a whole lot: you jokers are a buncha sticky wickets, and you deserve to dunked repeatedly into big vats of acid. :)",0,0,"Jan 15, 2002"
9,"I can't believe this reviews. This guys are geniuses. Crystal Methos rules.",0,0,"Aug 19, 2003"
8,"Very fun to listen to and makes you want to dance in your car.",1,1,"Jul 30, 2001"
9,"Hey! The duo that can make the whole music scene celebrates the fun of dance music again made a even more cheerful and groundbreaking LP that will make every listener get high all night.",0,0,"May 25, 2002"
10,"Best dance album of the year. You could easily dance yourself to death.",0,0,"Feb  1, 2004"
10,"Where's your head at is a timeless classic. I could listen to that song alone over and over. But the rest of the album is great as well.",0,0,"May 18, 2006"
10,"Very good, dark, and powerful!!",0,0,"Nov 13, 2001"
9,"i am not a fun of hip-hop, but stereo mcs are my best in this genre and they made a really good dance albums. DD&D is phenomenal..",0,0,"Sep 12, 2002"
10,"You cannot be anything but a fan after hearing it once.",0,0,"Jun  3, 2001"
10,"Hi-Quality background rythms. Incredible details. Beautiful!",0,0,"Feb 20, 2003"
9,"Great disc collecting their first few EP's together. Excellent material on here,can be used for Intensive listening or background music. Either way it's highly enjoyable.",0,0,"Dec  7, 2012"
10,"A magical album that you can listen to and enjoy many times. Every track has its place and even filler tracks such as 'Voyager' are pleasant and intriguing. Particular Strength is found in the electronic synth solo of 'Digital Love' and the catchy melodic hook of 'One More Time' A Must have album in anyone's music library.",14,14,"Oct  4, 2009"
10,"An extraordinarily fun album from beginning to end.",5,5,"Jan 16, 2009"
8,"As Discovery, is a fine album. But as being the soundtrack of Interstella 5555, is an awesome album, one of the best albums of the decade",4,4,"May 23, 2013"
9,"This is possibly the most underrated album I've ever heard. Don't be misled by the initial reactions of the critics!",1,1,"Mar 15, 2007"
10,"Very Very very good",1,1,"Aug 23, 2001"
10,"It's the best",1,1,"Mar  3, 2002"
10,"What an album. Watched Interstella 5555 and that didn't disappoint either. In my view one of the greatest, innovative albums of all time, with already classic songs such as 'One More Time' and 'Digital Love' featured. Apart from the slightly dodgy track 'Nightvision' Daft Punk have excelled themselves.",1,1,"Jun  5, 2008"
10,"You either like it or you don't, but if you do then you will never go back, just simpaly the best thing i have ever heard and it's brilliance will never be bettered, every element of each song can be felt as you listen.",1,1,"Jul 22, 2002"
10,"Its got to be the most inovative Cd of its time. Daft Punk has awakend a new world to the Techno Industry",1,1,"Aug  3, 2002"
10,"A great album with plenty of inspiration and variation.",1,1,"Nov 17, 2005"
10,"This honestly has to be my favourite album from them all, they way it's put together, the movie aswell. Everything about it is just... perfect.",1,1,"May  7, 2008"
9,"I'm a song lover, i hate albums, but it happens that every song on this album is great, and some of them really brilliant! It's music that you can feel related to in a personal, intimate way. Very very underrated, best of Daft Punk, and probably one of the best albums ever.",1,1,"Dec 21, 2008"
10,"This is the album that made me realize I like dance music. Nearly every track is fun, inventive, and unique in the way it sounds. My personal favorites are the first and last tracks, 'One More Time' and 'Too Long'. When I first listened to this album I didn't care for it that much, but it only took me one more listen to fall in love with the music. This is Daft Punk's best album, and should be in the library of everyone who enjoys music.",1,1,"Jul 11, 2011"
10,"I LOVE this album!! It is realy realy amazing!!",1,1,"Feb 23, 2012"
10,"I've listened to this album so many times in my car. I can never get sick of it. Amazing amazing amazing. I even got my friends hooked to them. Particularly face to face is their jam.",1,1,"May 26, 2013"
10,"Amazing, Best dance album ever! Completly fresh and pioneers of the french house genre of music, and does not sound cheesy or bloated at any point.
Highly recommended for any fan of electronic music, or anybody who loves good music in general",1,1,"Dec  8, 2012"
10,"Very underrated by conventional critics, this album is one of Daft Punk's finest and my personal favorite album of all time. Every single track is excellent and enthralling to listen to. If you loved it be sure to complement your experience by watching Interstella 5555.",1,1,"Apr  9, 2012"
10,"Probably one of the best dance albums of all time, the album starts and ends with the same vocalists and really shows his vocal ability (the first song features an extensive use of autotune whilst the final track has a beautiful acoustic voice with backing vocals by the two band members). Every song is beautifully crafted and produced which shows how much emotion was put into the album. Daft Punk's first album Homework was meant to be one of the most influential dance albums ever, but I think Discovery tops that.",1,1,"Jun 29, 2012"
10,"Though many could consider Homework or Random Access Memories their milestonesHomework for contributing to modern electronic music (and simply because it's their debut album) and RAM for its commercial breakthrough and refinement to an era of EDM where everyone wants to be David GuettaDiscovery is truly where it all began, in my opinion. Not just the beginning of Thomas Bangalter and Guy-Manuel de Homem Christo's robotic alter egoscaused by a September 9th, 1999 accident in their studio, ahem. But the beginning of an era where electronic music began again. Discovery could be considered a main highlight in the early noughties, with 'One More Time' being noteworthy as one of the greatest singles of the decade and 'Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger' being sampled by Kanye West then remixed into their Alive tour, however, it's just a work of art in its own right, disregarding Pitchfork and all that praised it in their year-end lists.
Technically speakingif I spoke from my own fangirl alter ego, I'd simply say 'This album is **** amazing' and nothing elseDiscovery has a polished production that's almost insulting for the simple fact that it's samples layered upon samples, which would later end up being sampled by other artists. And yet it's all original in its own right, especially considering the obscurity of the samples chosen. It's obviously not a concept album, but to recommend single songs off of the album seems impossible, considering it'd strip the mood from when you listen to it on continuous play. From the sappy, feel-good vibes in its lead single and 'Digital Love' to the funky, chill vibes in 'Something About Us', it's astonishing how cohesive a dance album can actually be. To sum it all up, it's amazing, there.",1,1,"Sep 19, 2014"
0,"SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHITSHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHITSHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHITSHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHITSHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHITSHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHITSHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHITSHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT I hate this music but my daft brother listen this fucki'n music",2,61,"Mar 18, 2007"
10,"This is one of the best albums i ever heard and i dont even listen to this type of music.. I love the film clip and havent seen the one after harder faster.... so if anyone can tell me if the pilot dies??? and what happens to the band.. i give this album 20 out of 10..",0,0,"Feb  1, 2002"
10,"My favourite album of all time.",0,0,"Jan 10, 2005"
10,"this is the best electronica album on the market hands down.",0,0,"Jul 10, 2005"
10,"The more I listen it the better it gets! It succeeds when trying to take me to the 80's. One the best works of our Robo-friends, definitively a must-have for all the fans n' freaks into the electro-beat. I think im gonna listen it all over again right now..",0,0,"Sep  2, 2006"
10,"Fantastic. Great. Amazing music that you want to blast out of your speakers AND lie down and listen to on your favorite headphones.",0,0,"Jan 12, 2008"
10,"How strange that this album received some bad reviews. It covers all bases - catchy pop, driving trance, electro house and, perhaps most acutely, sombre electronica in Veridis Quo. Some beleaguered reviewers need to put this in their stereo again, turn the sound up to 11 and enjoy a smorgasbord of electronic rhythms.",0,0,"Feb  7, 2008"
9,"Very Groovy! I love the sound! It really puts me in a very kick ass mood!",0,0,"Jul 12, 2001"
10,"This is one of the best albums I've heard in 10 years. Every song is a new discovery - fusion of 70s or 80s disco and funk produced with second millennium house style. They manage to make everything sound fresh and unique and yet strangely familiar. Its definitely the most emotional house music I have ever heard (if that was their goal they achieved it). So, it wasn't like the Homework album. But why make another Homework album? Thank you Daft Punk for this wonderful breathe of fresh air.",0,0,"Jul 30, 2001"
10,"This is Brilliant, and the videos are good as well, i can't wait for the next installment of the video story.",0,0,"Aug 30, 2001"
8,"Just love it",0,0,"Aug  9, 2001"
7,"Its ok...",0,0,"Sep  1, 2001"
9,"Although it is well known that the group can do better to me it is a nice album. Maybe a bit on the silly goofy side , but over all a nice album.",0,0,"Sep  3, 2001"
10,"Once you've bought Discovery you will never take it out of your CD player.",0,0,"Mar  3, 2002"
10,"While this album is nothing compared to 'Homework,' It still lives up to the Daft Punk name. The music is variously creative. Each track has it's own mood and style, and it's an album you'd never get tired of listening to.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2002"
10,"Aerodynamic has insane music solos in it",0,0,"May  4, 2002"
10,"i can't get enough of this cd every single song is great for any mood you're in",0,0,"Dec 14, 2003"
10,"There is no beter Ol' School that Daft Punk-- this is the original.",0,0,"Jul 10, 2003"
7,"Not as disposable as you might think.",0,0,"Apr 17, 2004"
10,"",0,0,"Mar 30, 2005"
9,"Daft Punk is not mindless happy house, but it makes people happy.",0,0,"Jul 26, 2005"
9,"Best Electronic album i've ever heard and own, hands down! Just simply briiliant",0,0,"Feb 27, 2006"
10,"An amazing blend of dance music and listening music. The amount of talent in the fingers of this amazing duo electrifies the mind and soul.",0,0,"Nov  5, 2007"
10,"This is one of the most critically underrated albums of this decade. That is to say it was underrated initially: most critics have taken the path of revisionism and finally recognized that this is easily Daft Punk's greatest, and in my opinion, the greatest dance and electronic album of this decade. Includes masterpieces: One more Time, Aerodynamic, Digital Love, Harder/Beter/Faster/Stronger, and Something About Us. Rating: 9.4/10.0",0,0,"Feb 10, 2007"
10,"this is by far daft punks best effort.not to say homework and human after all arent excellant in their own right,but discovery is the most diverse and original album of the last 10 years.the best album i own.",0,0,"Mar  4, 2007"
9,"Space music! Woohoo!",0,0,"Sep 11, 2007"
10,"yummy, groovy, funkalicious. it moves me.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2001"
10,"a great album, even beter than homework!",0,0,"Oct 13, 2001"
10,"This cd is awsome until about #7... then it kinda drops off... but I swear I could listen to the first 4 songs repeatedly, and never get tired of them!",0,0,"Oct 13, 2001"
10,"im glad we finally get another daft punk album! as much as I loved homework, it was getting about time for a new one. Great videos too!",0,0,"Oct 18, 2001"
10,"With the exeption of 'High Life', the tracks on 'Discovery' are brilliant. After a long time, they do however get a bit tedious. Just a bit though.",0,0,"Oct 18, 2001"
10,"I say this Discovery was much better than Homework. This album is so very disco. But it is still very good. 'One More Time' did really well. It was like #1 on the billboard dance/club chart for 3 weeks, #2 on the most of the dance/club charts in Europe.",0,0,"Dec 23, 2001"
7,"The album is excellent. It's got a great blend of a bunch of different styles all with an electronic bent.",0,0,"May  3, 2001"
9,"beatiful",0,0,"Jul 25, 2001"
8,"Watch the videos!",0,0,"Aug 13, 2001"
9,"This cd is needed for anybody who even remotely likes techno.",0,0,"Aug 30, 2001"
10,"Simply the best! I never liked techno anyway, in fact Techno is a 'no way' to me .But after discovering this album , I feel totally refresh , refresh by the their fantastic rythmn. They give the 70 & 80's sound a new twist. A great album,. Moreover their videos are brilliant with cute little Japanese characters to make it looks spicy ,I mean spacey. Who would think of a sequence for a MTV! Only Daft Punk. I am waiting for their videos, so DP what are u waiting for!",0,0,"Sep 12, 2001"
10,"Simply the best! I never liked techno anyway, in fact Techno is a 'no way' to me .But after discovering this album , I feel totally refresh , refresh by the their fantastic rythmn. They give the 70 & 80's sound a new twist. A great album,. Moreover their videos are brilliant with cute little Japanese characters to make it looks spicy ,I mean spacey. Who would think of a sequence for a MTV! Only Daft Punk. I am waiting for their videos, so DP what are u waiting for!",0,0,"Sep 12, 2001"
10,"this cd is great i love daft punk",0,0,"Sep 15, 2001"
10,"It's great",0,0,"Jan 21, 2002"
10,"I absolutely love this album!!!!! Daft Punk is the greatest!",0,0,"Feb 23, 2002"
8,"Great 'retro' album by France's finest electronic act. Cool 80s sounds and clear, crisp production makes this one of 2001's most significant releases.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2002"
10,"Exelent album, the music is very alive.",0,0,"Mar 12, 2002"
10,"i love what they do with their voices in this album,this CD and homework R best albums ever",0,0,"Oct 21, 2003"
8,"There are two types of people. People who like this CD, and people who don't. Good yes, but definatly not for everybody",0,0,"Dec  4, 2004"
9,"It the best cd ive heard in a while",0,0,"Nov  9, 2005"
10,"This album is excellent by itself, but if you are reading this I suggest to you to watch Interstella 5555, the anime movie with Daft Punk's Discovery album as its soundtrack. Genius!!",0,0,"Apr 12, 2005"
10,"Many moments of pure genius. 'Digital Love' best pop song of 2000's.",0,0,"Apr 14, 2005"
10,"It is a great album, and it gets even better after watching Interstella 5555. But you either enjoy it, or you hate it.",0,0,"Apr 20, 2005"
10,"best techno ever",0,0,"Sep 26, 2005"
10,"My first purchase of the techno gods and I was not disappointed in any aspect. This album delivers on so many levels, and really makes me feel like a kid that wants to dance whenever i hear this album.",0,0,"Jan 23, 2006"
10,"For the originality of the sound and quality of this immensely good house music this album has to offer, it has been greatly underrated by some critics less open to new ideas. A great album by the masterminds of house, go you!",0,0,"Oct 27, 2007"
10,"Discovery is an album that can never date. It sounds like music that was made 20 years ago but somehow also sounds like music that will be made in 20 years time. How they can pull off being so blatantly cheesy yet so universally loved is a testament to the sheer brilliance of the songs. Its one of those few albums that comes along every couple of years in which every track is a new adventure rather than just a filler. A Truly amazing record.",0,0,"Jun 27, 2007"
10,"No doubt about it, an astonishing album that took watching Interstella 5555 to fully appreciate what an accomplishment this album really is, and what a disappointment Human after All really was.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2007"
10,"Easily one of the greatest albums ever made. Unbelievably beautiful from start to finish with songs to make you laugh, cry, and above all dance. Discovery is one of the few albums that is without flaws. It can be listened to countless times and never grow boring. An essential part to any music lover's collection.",0,0,"Aug 17, 2009"
10,"A masterpiece of animation and audio.Daft Punk kicks ass",0,0,"Nov 30, 2001"
9,"its good",0,0,"Aug 18, 2001"
9,"Although most of the content may be very, very 80's it still manages to pull through with some catchy tunes and general fun. Nothing like Homework, but worth it none the less.",0,0,"Sep 17, 2001"
10,"This is the greatest Cd ever! I love Daft Punk! Discovery rocks the cyber music world!!!",0,0,"May 13, 2002"
10,"Work it harder, Make it better, Do it faster, Makes us stronger, More than ever, Hour after, Hour work is never over.",0,0,"Jun 23, 2002"
10,"Fantastic !",0,0,"Nov 26, 2003"
10,"What do critics know anyways????? They are just one persons opinion. Take a look at the people buying the cds opinion. Everyone thinks its a 9 or a ten, the public just cant be denied, and neither can Daft Punk. A brilliant Journey of an album, and one of my favourites of all time!",0,0,"Dec  7, 2005"
9,"well it appears the critics know more than some fans on here who believe this to be a techno album. but in this case i would say they were wrong in their ratings. this was easily a top 5 album of 2001.",0,0,"Apr 23, 2006"
9,"A great album, almost a masterpiece. I've listened to this album many times and the production qualities, the songs, are revolutionary. The album slows down a bit on the second side which is why I've docked them a point but all in all a very important and enjoyable album.",0,0,"Sep 15, 2006"
10,"Absolutely no idea how a score as low as 73 can be justified. Anyway, just thought I'd bring the reviews to an even 100. And as you can tell by the user scores, the general consensus is that the critics really did mess up on this one. The only weak tracks here IMO are Nightvision and Short Circuit. All other tracks have their merits, from the futuristic hyperbole of Superheroes to the laid-back groove of Voyager right to the unadulterated Prince-esque funk of Too Long. Absolutely stellar, and a 10 if ever I heard one.",0,0,"May 17, 2007"
10,"This is an incredible, the best of Daft Punk if you will...have listened to this from a young age and it still astounds me, 'Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger' is still my favourite song of all time - the reviewer from the Onion must have been listening to Hannah Montana.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2009"
9,"Although Daft Punk has pulled off a really great album, a few clinkers were inevitable. I find myself listening to the songs over and over, and I never tire of its electronic sound. Great Job!",0,0,"Nov 21, 2001"
10,"I was hooked the first time I saw 'One More Time' on MTV2. I wasn't the least-bit disappointed when I purchased and listened to the entire CD. I loved it! It surprised me when I saw the video and realized the character designs were done by Leiji Matsumoto. I'm a huge fan of Anime, and immediately recognized Matsumoto's work when I saw 'One More Time'. I kinda wish more artist's would have Anime music videos! It would be awesome if there was a music video using the character designs from Sailor Moon! *blushes*",0,0,"Dec 21, 2001"
10,"This album has to be watched, not listened, I mean, the music video of this album(Interstella 5555: The 5tory of the 5ecret 5tar 5ystem) can become a damn classic musical movie as Pink floyd's THE WALL",0,0,"Nov 23, 2006"
10,"I'm not a fan of the house or electronica genre but Daft Punk is an exception as they completely take their unique style to a new level with this album. Probably one of the most involving and captivating albums I have heard since Dark Side of the Moon. Yes, DARK SIDE. I actually compared this with Dark Side. Why? Because they are both concepts that I completely got immersed into. Discovery has an endless variety of surprises, undeniable charm and neverending emotions. A must buy.",0,0,"Dec 15, 2010"
10,"The many intricate and complex songs of Daft Punk's masterpiece 'Discovery' are extraordinary. Full of catchy, melodic hooks such as that in 'One More Time' and 'Verdis Quo'. Even 'Too Long' is actually too short. Futuristic, ahead-of-its-time, innovative classic.",0,0,"Aug 22, 2011"
10,"To me this is one of the great albums of all time, on par with the Beatles' albums.  The movie is also stunningly creative, a real gem for the entertainment industry.",0,0,"Nov 19, 2010"
9,"'Discovery' is such a refreshing and innovative album. Their is so much creativity in it. It sounds completely different from their first album 'Homework'. 'Aerodynamic' has one of the greatest guitar solos I've ever heard, 'One More Time' makes you wanna get up and just dance, and 'Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger' is just a magnificent song. But then other songs such as 'Nightvisions' is basically looking at Daft Punk at another angle, so to speak. It shows another side of them that were not used to from their first album. And that's definitely a good thing. All In All, 'Discovery' by Daft Punk is an innovative and original album that I can proudly say is one of my favorites. A-",0,0,"Dec 12, 2010"
10,"Es un buen disco, con canciones muy buenas y la musica esta muy bien. La letra de las canciones aunque en espaol suenen ridiculas en ingles suenan muy bien.
Solo tengo un palabra para este disco: Perfecto.",0,0,"Jun  2, 2011"
10,"Sincerely, this is a great, great album. I don't listen this type of music, I like rock and metal, but this album it's so... powerful. This album introduced me into the house music, and deserves a 10.",0,0,"May  8, 2012"
10,"An amazing album. Really great dance music, but you can still listen to it casually. The album may feel just a little repetitive, but honestly, I don't think you'll mind.",0,0,"Nov  6, 2011"
10,"One of the greatest electronic album's of all time and will be remembered as such. Perfectly captures the emotion and tone of childhood and youth, my first experience with Electronic music and I feel unbelievably lucky to have lived through such an amazing piece of Art.",0,0,"May 16, 2012"
10,"This, my friends, is musical perfection. Everything about this album is perfect. The individual tracks are amazing, and what makes Discovery even greater is that every track has its place. This makes it especially great to listen to the album as a whole. You need to have heard this album. Trust me when I say it doesn't get much better than this.",0,0,"Feb  3, 2012"
10,"Fantastic Album and magnificent movie (Interstella 5555), I recommend them to everyone, even if you don't like electronic music!
In the album there are many catchy songs and even touching ones, a really good album overall!",0,0,"Jun 21, 2012"
10,"An absolutely outstanding album , the best electronic artists of all time.Cosmic , happy and beautiful , you cant not like this album.Possibly the best album of the 21st century",0,0,"Mar  5, 2012"
10,"This album is amazing! It is the best of Daft Punk. All tracks are awesome, especially Aerodynamic, Harder Better Faster Stronger, and Digital Love. Absolutely buy it!",0,0,"Apr 21, 2012"
10,"love it hate it its great!",0,0,"Sep 20, 2004"
10,"One of the best albums of 2000! Each song symbolizes something special in its own way! Brilliant sound effects and PRODUCTION!",0,0,"Oct 21, 2001"
10,"the best album of 2001",0,0,"Nov 28, 2005"
10,"Probe It",0,0,"Aug 13, 2006"
10,"its great",0,0,"Nov 20, 2002"
10,"THis is not Shadow,infact this is a LIGHT and brilliant Classic Album",0,0,"Sep  2, 2004"
10,"This Album Whips the Horse's ASS!",0,0,"Dec 15, 2001"
10,"When it comes to creativity and coming up with a unique sound. Fatboy slim is where you are going to find both! Way to go Norman! Another awesome album.",0,0,"Mar 20, 2002"
10,"This album is Fatboy Slim's best ever",0,0,"Sep 21, 2001"
10,"Great, just simply great.",0,0,"May 13, 2008"
10,"Best UW Album !",0,0,"Sep 30, 2001"
10,"And these are my intentions.... I love it. Watching the DVD is even better!! It makes me constantly move.",0,0,"Sep 18, 2002"
10,"Fantastic music, live or not. A deserted island disc for sure.",0,0,"Oct 31, 2006"
10,"awesome",0,0,"Dec  4, 2001"
10,"Makes my hair stand on end every time. Top of my list.",0,0,"Apr  8, 2002"
10,"Aptly titled. One of those rare entities of an album that works differently but brilliantly as both a CD and DVD. Essential.",0,0,"Sep 29, 2003"
10,"It brings light in",0,0,"Sep 17, 2004"
10,"FN AWSOME! If you like live music and techno, this thing is crazy!!!",0,0,"Apr  8, 2005"
10,"The best live album ever made. As good as being there. Each track brilliant in itself, mixed like this awesome. King of Snake best dance song to be found. Best money ever spent I could not recommend this album highly enough. Fantastic!",0,0,"Nov 17, 2002"
10,"'Everything Everything' is the second best live album just like 'European Club Gig'...",0,0,"Dec 31, 2002"
10,"super... the greatest thing i ever bought. it was hard to find it in Lithuania...",0,0,"Jul 23, 2002"
10,"this is the real shit!",0,0,"May 19, 2003"
10,"Album's just great...delightful stuff",0,0,"Feb 20, 2002"
10,"it is a fabulous album....highly elating...especially the song 'indra'.",0,0,"Feb  4, 2006"
9,"Mostly awesome seamless music. Afew bland patches, specific songs, and within songs. However, first time I put in my latop I kept it going for about 5 hours on repeat",0,0,"Jun  4, 2006"
10,"Excellent !!!!!!",0,0,"Nov 14, 2001"
10,"electronical but smooth and changing, with ambiental elements and samba like as well. Some pieces feature tavla drums and sitar like sounds...",0,0,"Dec 26, 2001"
10,"great! especially with sangria!",0,0,"May 31, 2002"
10,"A refreshing mixture of international sounds that delights the ears and forces one to redefine their preconceptions regarding the boundries of international music types. The Nobu of CD's",0,0,"Jul 11, 2003"
9,"Some bland tracks, but quite a few jems especially if you're a hip-hop-instrumenatl-basshead who really loves women and breathy vocals...like me...peace",0,0,"Feb 10, 2005"
5,"Dull and repetitive. Most of the tracks have a few bleeps and synth washes, but that's it. Rockhard arrangements that hardly change, resulting in general feelings of boredom and staleness. Once the brothers get into a groove, they copy and paste the entire section over again for the next 5 minutes, and then add a few changes. Inane instrumentation that never goes anywhere. Chill-out doesn't have to be this dull!",0,0,"Feb 17, 2002"
10,"This album is excellent. I have their previous albums and they inteligent musicians who are very open minded in their genre of music. Sammy K who gave the album a 5 does not know what he is talking about.",0,0,"Mar 21, 2002"
5,"Get the Thievery Corp. dj kicks mix cd... its a 10! This however, is quite repetitive and monotone.",0,0,"Apr  6, 2002"
10,"simply the best, this is the first time i listen to it and i love it. this is what i call music.",0,0,"Jun 15, 2003"
10,"One of the best, if not the best, lo-fi albums made. Period.",0,0,"Feb  2, 2006"
10,"the most amazing album to chill-out to!",0,0,"Jan 21, 2002"
9,"the more I listen to it, the more I like it...",0,0,"Mar 19, 2002"
10,"this is my favorite GROUP, and this cd is great work of thievery Copr.I like ir very much, thank's people for doing this great work!!!",0,0,"Feb 18, 2003"
9,"The first album of theirs I heard, and bought ASAP! Conistent quality of work, their albums prior to 'The Outernational Sound' all would get a 9 from me. 'Outernational Sound' gets a 9.5 from me. Babylon Rewound gets a low grade from me though, I really didn't care for it, so I give it a 5. Have not yet heard Cosmic Game, but it is on my list to buy soon.",0,0,"Apr 23, 2005"
10,"Awesome album... just press play and enjoy! If you like this type of music then Thievery Corporation is most likely the perfect sound for you! Sweet!!!",0,0,"Oct  4, 2013"
10,"One of the best albums of the genre. Those ratings don't do justice.",3,3,"Feb 11, 2008"
10,"I think this albumn is one of the best that has ever existed and will ever exist, it's bordering on pure perfection",2,2,"Aug  9, 2005"
10,"I have burned out 2 CDs listening to this. When I drive and listen to this, i forget where i am going",2,2,"Oct  4, 2007"
10,"Great album. I can't understand how this album received such a bad rating.",2,2,"Jun 21, 2007"
10,"'Anodyne dance music for people who don't go to clubs, comedown music for people who don't do drugs. ' The usual useful and pragmatic review from NME. I'm surprised it hasn't got more overt political undertones! Irrespective of NME and their inability to review music coherently, this album is a classic and is simply perfect for the summer. One of my favorite albums. Ever.",2,2,"Apr 16, 2008"
9,"cracking album... sit back, closy your eyes and relax, you'll think you know all the tunes on the album, then you'll realise you DO, they're all blinding!",2,2,"Feb 17, 2005"
9,"This album is intensely accesible for any late night rendezvous. Don't underestimate the power of an album that can mix such diverse influences.",2,2,"Jan 12, 2006"
10,"One of the best albums of all time !!! I would give this album as album of the century !",2,2,"Mar 17, 2008"
10,"One of my all time favourite albums, across all genres. This album is extremely underated as there is not a bad track on it, every single track is superb. Music of this calibre is especially hard to find in this genre, particularly in recent years. A classic.",2,2,"Oct 24, 2006"
9,"HAHAHA.. I was amazed to see THIS album on the metacritic worst reviewed albums list.. it's a damn good chillout album and obviously the critics messed up again.. cos' according to the metarank.. music by britney is better than this.. hahaha.. i laugh at your retarded rankings critics..",2,2,"Sep 12, 2006"
10,"Amazing chill out trance album. Perfect for rainy nights in, just pop it in sit back and relax.",2,2,"Dec 24, 2005"
9,"Behind the Sun is a great follow up to an already a fantastic album Far From the Maddening Crowds.
The best tracks on the album are Low Sun, No Ordinary Morning, **** (Original Mix and The Thrillseekers Remix), Halcyon, Autumn Tactics and Don't Give Up.
When you listen to this album you feel like you're at the beach on holiday or at a big dance club.
If you're sadly can't go on holiday this year and you want to feel like you're on holiday, give this album a listen and you're definitely feel like you're there.
Track Picks:
No Ordinary Morning
**** (Original Mix)
Autumn Tactics
Don't Give Up (Original Mix)
DW Rating:
4.5 stars out of 5
More reviews of mine at http://rateyourmusic.com/collection/DanMusic2011/reviews",2,2,"Jun 25, 2012"
10,"superb songs",1,1,"Aug  2, 2006"
10,"This is a real good dance album....",1,1,"Nov 11, 2005"
10,"You must be joking. This is one of the all-time best dance/chil albums ever made. Nick's classical background is evident in these scintillating compositions. Oddly, though, the most famous track (with Bryan Adams singing) is the worst one on the CD. Buy it and you definitely won't regret it.",1,2,"Jul 18, 2006"
10,"stephin merrit is always amazing",0,0,"Feb 18, 2006"
8,"Very good. Their most sonically adventurous effort since So tough, although it reuires more attention. One of their best.",0,0,"Mar 18, 2005"
10,"What a gorgeous and sophisticated pop album. Saint Etienne's best album, by far.",0,0,"Jul 21, 2007"
10,"This is my favorite album, it is awesome, this is by far the greatest dance album ever! Keep Up the good work Brian!",0,0,"Feb 20, 2003"
8,"Terrific driving album. Varied and enduring.",0,0,"Jul 22, 2002"
9,"Incredible production. A bit too poppy/mainstream at times for my taste, however, BT is brilliant. And this shows. If you enjoyed this album--the elements that are not mainstream--check out his album ESCM, his best work.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2006"
8,"Absolutly Crazy!!! Maybe not as good as their debut album but defenatly worth a listen. I would say their are 1 maybe 2 weak tracks that let the album down but overall it is well worht a listen",0,0,"Mar 21, 2005"
8,"While admitably not their best album, I definately enjoy listening to it 5 yrs later, especially when driving through the forest at night.",0,0,"May 20, 2005"
8,"At first seemingly bland, but after repeated listenings I found an intriguing subtlety to this mix.",0,0,"Sep 13, 2005"
10,"unbelivable this album was one of the best albums made",0,0,"Oct 24, 2002"
4,"No matter how hard I tried, this mix just continued to fall flat. No memorable anthems or epic journeys?... c'mon, that's this duo's staple! Really the only bland mix these 2 have ever put out; everything else is brilliant.",0,0,"May 15, 2005"
10,"When I first heard this album I knew it was something special. Upon futher listening, my opinion is that special isn't enough.",0,0,"Feb  8, 2006"
7,"Such an important and influential outfit.",0,0,"Feb 18, 2005"
10,"a bailar the most amazing band in the universe  esg rock my life",0,0,"Jan 24, 2005"
9,"With bricolage Amon Tobin proved himself able to participate with the big boys on the expanding beat electro scene. A few years later permutation showed the next stadium of an artist who himself is the key of his unlimited creative growth. Now with Supermodified he opened a new dimension inside of what can be called advanced music as he delivers a record which posesses a perfect balance between rough sounds of natural instincts and hectic modern jungle beats.",1,1,"Aug 24, 2001"
10,"Dark, enchanting, atmospheric, moody and unpredictable. Tobin pulls you by the leg into a world where jazz is dissociated into its componenet parts and mixed with pretty much anything he feels like. Invograting and challenging, this release can only be faulted for the fact that the mixing and production is so dense that it somtimes becomes a sludgey soup of sounds. As Tobin himself puts it, 'frequencies sometimes clash', and thus if you enjoy clean, ultra-precise and detailed production you will be disappointed. However, I find the dreamy, vinyl quality of the sound a definite plus. The compositions are brilliant collages of chopped-up jazz samples, jungle beats, and stylish experimental sound effects. Highlights include the single 'Four Ton Mantis', a dense and moody ride for the ears, and 'Natureland', a syrupy-smooth downtempo piece that inspires images of smokey lounges.",1,1,"Feb 17, 2002"
10,"I think the intricate production and complete atmospherics of each and every track make this experimental album an accomplished success.",1,1,"Sep  8, 2001"
10,"Pure brilliance.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2001"
10,"Simply the best",0,0,"Dec 31, 2002"
10,"freaky feelgood",0,0,"May  6, 2005"
9,"a pleasure from start to finish.",0,0,"Dec 14, 2002"
10,"This person is a serious, serious musician, and you can completely disagree with me. I mean, i'll appreciate the disagreement more than I appreciate what I agree with.",0,0,"Nov 25, 2013"
