Record Collector,80,"The more you play it, the better it sounds. [Sep 2016, p.96]"
Uncut,80,"File this massive effort next to Damian's Welcome to Jamrock, Stephen's own diverse 2007 release Mind Control, and maybe even Dad's 1976 'Roots, Rock, Reggae' breakthrough, Rastaman Vibration."
Mojo,70,"More often than not, Mr. Marley lives up to the ambition that his last name demands of him. With any luck, his next album will have fewer guests and more of the introspection and steadfastness he reveals in Its Alright, a hymnlike ballad that he sings on his own."
Q Magazine,60,"The album only develops a steely ragga rasp in the last few tracks, when the hometown likes of Bounty Killer, Capleton and Sizzla make their presence felt."

AllMusic,70,"Ziggy Marley, the LP, shares much in common with Robert Palmer's Pride, Black Uhuru's Chill Out, and even Gregory Isaacs' Night Nurse, as its diminutive, deft, funky, tight, electro-tinged, and sincere. With all these ingredients at just the volume, it's still one single or classic short of being the best-of Ziggy, but the cool temperament and empowering mood of the album offer a life-affirming soul massage through music."
Mojo,60,"The message songs are delivered from the heart. [Aug 2016, p.95]"
Uncut,50,"On the whole it struggles to strike a light, far less catch fire. [Aug 2016, p.78]"
Exclaim,40,"Its rooted so firmly within his comfort zone that when he sings about revolution on Start It Up, its more eyebrow-raising than consciousness-raising."

Clash Music,91,"Diplos electro-dancehall project scored a Top 40 hit in 2015 with the buoyant Lean On. Those good vibes continue on Peace."
Clash Music,80,"Consider it the slow and softer Major Lazer album that's built for headphone listening, but most of all, consider it."
Mojo,80,"The best cuts here happen to be those hewing closer to Major Lazer's wake-and-bake dancehall origins. [No. 121, p.57]"
Uncut,80,"Peace Is the Mission soars on the strength of sticky melodies sung by a unique combo of pop divas and West Indian vocalists."
AllMusic,80,"Its so ludicrously colourful and loud and just the right side of ridiculous and whatever the mission may be, domination is the likely result."
PopMatters,74,"There is no doubt Peace Is the Mission will suffer some criticism from dancehall purists, those exhausted by EDM and people who hate Diplo (a hate that he has certainly worked overtime to earn), but their maturation is palpable across the album's nine tracks."
Exclaim,70,"The cartoonish skank of 'Too Original' is business as usual, but Peace Is The Mission is often reflective. [Aug 2015, p.76]"
The Observer (UK),70,"Evaluating it across his whole catalog, this occupies the second-tier below uncopyable classics that he churned out in the beginning of the 2000s. While that may be an unfair standard to hold any artist to, Peace Is the Mission provides the comforting thesis: if peace can be achieved by dancing, this is the album to spin."
Mojo,70,"It's hard to think of anyone else who could bring so much together inside one gigantic DJ tent and make it all flow so well."
AllMusic,70,"There's nothing completely new here, but fans are sure to be satisfied, at the very least, until the collective's next album arrives."
The New York Times,60,"The whole thing is a little cheap, but clever, making it so much fun to be on the receiving end."
The Independent (UK),60,"Much of the remainder, however, plays a depressingly straight bat with mainstream thrills. [Aug 2015, p.96]"
AllMusic,60,"Peace Is The Mission feels like too much of a splurge to be enjoyable right through. [Jul 2015, p.109]"
Mojo,60,"Peace Is The Mission is equal parts tepid and garrulous, making it hard to get an overall read on this project. Probably best to not overthink it."
Uncut,60,"The more restrained moments, such as hit single Lean On, nicely accentuate the crazed moombahton intensity of tracks such as Blaze up the Fire."
The Guardian,50,"Diplo and Co. threw everything at the wall and turned around, pretending it stuck when all thats really left is the splatter from undercooked leftovers."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"The third studio album from Major Lazer, Diplo's project inspired by Jamaican dancehall music, features a few hot tracks and a few so tepid that we need reminders about what made Diplo interesting in the first place."
AllMusic,42,"The fun here is manufactured beyond belief, sometimes for better, but more often for worse."
Magnet,40,"Some of the material threatens to drown in a mire of painfully bland songwriting and sleepwalking guest appearances."
Billboard.com,40,"There are some glimmers of pop gold.... But those moments are overshadowed by dated cheeseball synth presets, uninspired choruses, goofy samples and clunky rhythm programming."
DIY Magazine,40,"This sound is now not only jaded--though still remarkably popular--but its ubiquity serves as a reminder of how sights have lowered since Major Lazer was first conceived."


Pitchfork,80,"The daughter of Sex Pistols drummer Paul Cook continues to find the sweet spot between reggae and dubs poppier elements and the sheer breeziness of her voice."
Uncut,80,"She may be the daughter of punk royalty, but with Twice, Hollie Cook cements her status as a principal figure in the UK reggae scene."
PopMatters,80,"With songs about Slits frontierswoman Ari Up and their inspired use of carnivalesque steel pans and soaring Bollywood-styled strings, it also marches to its own beat. [Jun 2014, p.92]"
Rolling Stone,80,"For her less conventional-sounding follow-up, she and producer Prince Fatty have beefed up the basslines, giving her tropical pop songs a dubby atmosphere."
Clash Music,70,"Cook manages to both beguile and enforce her individuality. An album whose appeal grows with repeated listens."
Under The Radar,70,"Cook's second full-length, 2014's Twice, follows in the same path as her debut, featuring nine tracks dominated by Cook's smooth, slyly sexy voice and arrangements that keep the grooves light but dance-friendly at once."
Mojo,70,"Her second proper LP is a full-on pop-reggae confection. [Jun 2014, p.75]"
Q Magazine,60,"With sympathetic production by reggae stalwart Mike 'Prince Fatty' Pelanconi, the results combine Janet Kaye's lovers rock, the Wailers' pop years and the sound of Compass Point studios. [Jun 2014, p.107]"

Exclaim,80,"The sound is open and uncluttered, rare for a genre that relishes tangles. Theres lots of liquid synths, and were they gracing a 4/4 thump, theyd have an Ibiza glow to them."
The Observer (UK),80,"Sutherland is a massively charismatic character, and its hard not to get caught up in the elation that he so obviously feels when he gets from finding the perfect groove. That feeling permeates every corner of the album, but it comes through strongest on two particular tracks."
Spin,80,"This is a debut by default and not an all-encompassing coming out party, but Skull and Popcaan are simpatico on Where We Come From, so love it for what it is."
Los Angeles Times,80,"This is certainly one of the best dancehall releases of the year."
Pretty Much Amazing,70,"The music pushes dancehall toward pop, with slow-chorded synthesizer anthems produced by Dre Skull and snappy electro lines from Dubbel Dutch; even with Popcaans thick Jamaican accent, the plan is to make singalongs easy."

Record Collector,80,"Fly Rasta offers no concessions to the new-fangled ways of hip-hop, dancehall and R&B. [Jun 2014, p.114]"
NOW Magazine,80,"Right-sized, organized in a sensible manner, and an alluring balance of cool and calm, Fly Rasta lives up to its title as it sits on Ziggy's top shelf."
The Guardian,70,"The best moments tend to come where the reggae is at its most full-on. [Jun 2014, p.80]"
Boston Globe,70,"Throughout the record, Marley demonstrates that reggae can grow and adapt without losing sight of its roots."
Exclaim,40,"Ziggy never quite manages to be his own man here. [May 2014, p.86]"
Mojo,20,"The only risk Marley takes is on You're My Yoko, where he attempts to woo a lucky lady by likening her to the avant-garde artist, while casting himself as John Lennon. Julian Lennon would have been nearer the mark."

New Musical Express (NME),80,"Bold, visionary and, in places, spine-tingling. [Mar 2014, p.78]"
PopMatters,80,"The songs are crisp, uptempo, concise."
AllMusic,80,"There are several milestones in Kidjo's nearly 30-year recording career; Eve is certainly one of them."
Uncut,80,"Eve is yet another record from Angelique Kidjo that reaffirms her position as one of the most significant Africans performing today, and is the sound of her reaching out and celebrating the strong spirit and power of African women that she embodies."
Q Magazine,70,"Consistent from start to finish, Eve capably delivers the goods."
Dusted Magazine,60,"If the flavor is international, the beef is still all hers, her skyscraper of a voice dominating all around it. [Mar 2014, p.114]"
Pitchfork,60,"Kidjo is in scintillating form. [Mar 2014, p.93]"
AllMusic,60,"The result is a lavishly produced, cheerfully upbeat set with the massed vocals matched against bubbling keyboards, guitars and percussion, and the Kronos Quartet and the Luxembourg Philharmonic somehow fighting their way into the mix."
Exclaim,60,"Inveterate collaborators Dr John and Kairos 4tet also add variety to a somewhat one-paced set."

The New York Times,70,"Lead singer Duncan Campbell does a fine job on his second album after the departure of his brother Ali, and with inspired song choices meeting an inspired band, Getting Over the Storm doesn't come off as a gimmick but a gift."
Q Magazine,60,"They're doing nothing radical, but the band, now in their 35th year of playing together, are tight and the results pleasing. [Oct 2013, p.96]"
AllMusic,60,"It all hangs together quite nicely if, as ever, rather uninvolvingly."
Uncut,60,"For the most part it works, the innate simplicity of the originals lending itself to makeovers, although country purists are advised to steer clear. [Oct 2013, p.77]"
Exclaim,60,"Songs like 'How Will I Get Through This One,' 'If You Ever Have Forever In Mind' and 'I'm Pretty Sure That's What's Killing Me' are good, but not in a 'tour de force, let's re-introduce the band to a whole new generation with some familiar, but next level stuff'-type of way."
Mojo,60,"The dabbling with country music overall, however, is rather hit and miss and the distinct lack of variation over several tracks wont help sell this album in large quantities. There is enough here though to satisfy those die-hard fans."
The Guardian,40,"Reggae has always plundered country for songs of love and heartbreak. Though seldom with such limp indifference. [Sep 2013, p.109]"

Uncut,80,"This is easily is best work to date. [Oct 2013, p.104]"
Boston Globe,80,"This is a visionary coming into his own. [Sep 2013, p.56]"
AllMusic,80,"An amazing journey from the outer limits to street level with a wormhole in the middle, Back on the Planet is stellar."
musicOMH.com,78,"The songs dont really go anywhere, but they dont need to--its the psychic tone that matters, not any sort of hooks, and the blissful state they produce comes from simply enjoying them in the moment."
PopMatters,60,"The LP is merely a collection of somewhat compelling, hip-hop-leaning beats that largely go nowhere; it's more like a dressed-up beat tape, and not a particularly exciting one at that."
Q Magazine,60,"In its totality, Back on the Planet works as a decent upgrade from Spacebase, despite its weird results."
Mojo,60,"At times, the blend is less than palatable and, frankly, too busy, as on the title track. However, this franticness is occasionally contrasted by a song that manages to draw you in."
The Guardian,40,"Spurts and spasms of luxurious sound and compelling reference, however, do not make for a great album and, mostly, the record plods."
The Observer (UK),35,"This is just a lot of well produced but unenjoyable noise."

AllMusic,75,"The 40 or so minutes of 'All People' are what I imagine taking a shower in a waterfall on a hot summer day would be like--nd if you're too far removed from nature to do that then it's like putting on your swim trunks and running around an open fire hydrant."
Mojo,70,"Michael Franti has fashioned an inclusive pan-global pop, heard here at its most confident and fully formed. [Jul 2014, p.73]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"Well-crafted, unfailingly likable, the music hints at his activist-sage roots."
Uncut,70,"All People is about feeling good and hopeful. Split this collection of peace and sunshine down the middle for greatest effect."
Exclaim,70,"Listen to the whole album, though, and the complexity of life comes shining through."

musicOMH.com,80,"The result is an LP that manages to look forward while honouring the past simultaneously, which is no mean feat these days."
Q Magazine,80,"An unapologetic blast of tough breakbeats, deep bass, roots consciousness and with guest appearances from veteran MCs like Tenor Fly, General Levey and Tippa Irie, history lessons of how jungle grew from reggae and raving and influenced later forms including garage and grime. [Aug 2913, p.96]"
Q Magazine,80,"Some Congo Natty regulars, including vocalists Nanci Correia and Phoebe 'Iron Dread' Hibbert, give the album a proper family feel, and with all these things in place, it's just natural to explain the album's worth with an old-school exclamation like 'massive.'"
The Wire,80,"Interjected with dusty dubplate samples, gun-finger shots and clashing MCs throughout, what Jungle Revolution lacks in variation it makes up with genuine spirit."
AllMusic,70,"Congo Natty always brings confrontational or cultural elements to set the context of the tracks. [Jun 2013, p.48]"
Pitchfork,70,"Apart from that and Micro Chip (Say No)--which succeeds Rebel, closes the album and suffers from autotune abuse and the claim to be the sons and daughters of Bob Marley--Jungle Revolution consistently hits bullseyes."
XLR8r,60,"Although there are plenty of adrenaline-infusing moments on Jungle Revolution, Congo Natty fails to keep up the momentum throughout"
Drowned In Sound,60,"His ambitions, and trademark gruff delivery, are here assisted by a new generation of drum'n'bass producers. [Aug 2013, p.96]"
Exclaim,60,"West and his Congo crew hook up with On-U Sound's Adrian Sherwood for a familiar set that marries reggae spirituals to the fortified jungle of the soundsystem. [Aug 2013, p.69]"

PopMatters,80,"Nothing Can Stop Us is a triumph for the backing band, but Campbell's number has been due for years, and now that it's been pulled, it's time to wake the town and tell the people."
RapReviews.com,80,"Nothing Can Stop Us delivers cohesion, and a sweet idealism."
RapReviews.com,70,"This pairing with the UK Soothsayers collective proves an easy fit, framing Campbell's precise, melodic vocals with intricate horn-led arrangements and adding judicious dub effects. [Aug 2013, p.69]"
Uncut,60,"As things are, it's an above-par, straight-ahead roots-revival collection, its full-blown 'outernational' arrangements lit up by world-class brass and occasional splashes ofsynth. [Aug 2013, p.86]"

Rolling Stone,80,"This debut offering as Snoop Lion has much to recommend it, not least the infectious grooves devised by Diplo's Major Lazer production team."
AllMusic,75,"Reincarnated does have its half-baked moments, though--this is still Snoop, after all. [3 May 2013, p.63]"
PopMatters,75,"Reincarnated stands as an enjoyable pop record laced with an assortment of roots and dancehall reggae references."
Exclaim,70,"There's a winning sincerity to his sunny jams extolling peace, love and gun control; even the weed anthems feel less phoned-in than usual."
Mojo,60,"Reincarnated is not the usual Dogg's dinner, nor is it a roaring revelation. [Jul 2013, p.85]"
AllMusic,60,"As it stands, the album has some decent songs but doesn't hold together as an album."
Clash Music,60,"Uneven though sometimes enjoyable, Reincarnated is surprisingly better than expected."
The Wire,60,"His immersion in Rastafarianism has produced a middling album, at best."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Mostly this is a gimmicky album with ill-fitting techno and electro influences on plastic, poppy songs."
musicOMH.com,50,"The musical results feel more like a touristy package holiday through Jamaican dub history."
Q Magazine,50,"Executive produced by Major Lazer, the affair is an approachable relative to Jamaican roots and dancehall."
Uncut,50,"Too much of it is an ill-advised cultural safari thats too weird to fly but too monied to fail. But where it succeeds, Reincarnated forces you to forget the principal ridiculousness of the enterprise, and that is no small feat."
AllMusic,50,"Reincarnated the album is all heart and heart-in-the-right-place, threatening to mash up the system without ever even harshing the mellow."
PopMatters,40,"Like Snoops documentary of the same name, Reincarnated has its moments but needs an editor."
Uncut,40,"Snoop's sing-song flow might seem ideal for pop-reggae, but he disappears into the background of his own album."
Mojo,40,"Intentions may have been good, but the result smacks of carpetbagging."
The Independent (UK),40,"The Diplo-directed record is a somewhat sloppy mish-mash of reggae cuts that rarely attain an authentic air."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"At its best, this album is nothing more than a passable appropriation of pop reggae in 2013."
Billboard.com,40,"Snoop has some way to go as a conscious voice before he convinces anyone that he is the reincarnation of Bob Marley."
Rolling Stone,40,"As a pop-reggae album it's patchily OK; as an addition to the canon of righteous Rastafarian spiritual music, it's profoundly unconvincing and a bit insulting."
Mojo,30,"The onetime rapper's new foray into Lionism deviates so far from the norm that its proprietor's been edged out, melded into a nonconfrontational reggae singer whose drops can't muster a single memorable moment."
RapReviews.com,30,"It ranks at or near the top of vexing choices made by once-platinum artists, full of lazy, half-baked pablum that does more harm to Snoop Lion than good for others."

PopMatters,83,"Natalie Bergman and her brother Elliot are too inventive to get cast as style-rock band, experimenting with African thumb pianos, dub-reggae grooves, and sultry soul vocals with deep pass-the-dutchie raspiness.  [15 Mar 2013, p.62]"
HipHopDX,75,"With its exotic instruments and spacious arrangements, this is a first-rate pop album that doesnt sound quite like anything else on pop radio."
The Telegraph (UK),70,"The mood is enriched by an ambitious approach to what seems on the surface to be modest pop songs, which reveal themselves to be far more elaborate, challenging and unusual."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Wild Belles debut is a respectable exercise of ethereal pop."
Consequence of Sound,70,"Natalies embattled relationship tales balance the island vibes, and Elliots expressive backdrops frame each without battling for attention."
Pitchfork,70,"With songs largely based around Natalie's love of soul and melodic '60s pop, Wild Belle have a less frenetic, if still hypnotically languid take on NOMO's world fusion sound."
AllMusic,70,"Isles ends up an easy pleasure--nothing too weighty, but substantial in its way."
NOW Magazine,67,"Without their smart lyrics and complex instrumentation, listeners would feel like they're listening to the same song again and again."
Spin,67,"Ultimately, Isles falls somewhere between juvenile and sophisticated, which puts it comfortably in the mystifying realm of American pop."
Boston Globe,60,"All in all, with Isles, Wild Belle is sure to attract many visitors who will visit for a quick party, but end up staying on for the island romance."
Exclaim,60,"Sure Isles coasts at times, snoozes on occasion and pales if compared to, say, Taken by Trees similarly tropical but superior Other Worlds but its bonhomie and infectious, wide-eyed perkiness still warrants a good ol holiday-romance romp in the dunes."
musicOMH.com,60,"Happily, their music is less predictable than that geographical inevitability."
The Observer (UK),50,"While the album is described as a myriad of styles, theres nothing to really demonstrate this: only the reggae and reggae-related genres are consistently and tiresomely reflected."
The Guardian,50,"Manicured cuteness, trite melodies and a tendency to banal, genial navelgazing leave an impression of carpet-bagging slackers contriving decorous but vapid Tourist Board pop. [Mar 2013, p.79]"
Austin Chronicle,40,"[Natalie Bergman's] undoubtedly gifted, but the end result feels as passionless as a first date at Starbucks. [Apr 2013, p.112]"
The New York Times,30,"Its about as exotic as a cocktail umbrella."

Entertainment Weekly,80,"For reggae fans of a certain vintage, This Generation will rule the nation. [Apr 2013, p.94]"
Chicago Tribune,80,"This is just one of those albums that works great either as a stoney throwback or a party-starter."
American Songwriter,75,"This Generation is a solid album."
No Ripcord,70,"Its tough to say whether were heading for a roots-reggae renaissance, but albums like This Generation provide at least the possibility that one is on its way."

Consequence of Sound,80,"This just might be their best work in 25 years. [Jan 2013, p.92]"
AllMusic,80,"When stripped back to basics the Brains are as brilliantly brutal as ever. [Dec 2012, p.88]"
BBC Music,75,"It's best to sit back and let the power of visionary punk rock wash over you."
Austin Chronicle,70,"Into The Future is a heroic act of denial, nonetheless. The remaining Brains still burn with magnesium-strip intensity. [Jan 2013, p.82]"
The A.V. Club,70,"Although none of its 13 tracks hit as hard as the early '80s, 'mash'-pit ragers that made them famous, they still sound vital on the Rasta-praising punk pummeler 'Popcorn' and the 88-second frenzy 'Yes I.'"
DIY Magazine,70,"Into the Future fares better than the stale output of most reunited punk acts and also rises above a weak rehash for the sake of nostalgia. Always true to their original vision, Bad Brains continue sailing on."
PopMatters,70,"Bad Brains still sounds best when it's angry, though."
The Observer (UK),66,"Although this may not be the band's greatest work, at least it's not a parody of what was. Soak that Positive Mental Attitude up."
musicOMH.com,60,"The midtempo grunge-metal and reggae jams, more sustainable channels for grown-ass anger, feel most like home."
Uncut,60,"True, some of the reggae songs a re a bit lightweight, but on the punk numbers, Bad Brains' righteous fevour remains undimmed. [24 Nov 2012, p.53]"
Q Magazine,60,"While Into the Future, like Build a Nation before it, harkens back to the Brains' golden age, it's not the ROIR Sessions. The band couldn't recreate that sort of spitfire aggression today if they tried, and it would be almost unfair to expect them to. But it's close."
New Musical Express (NME),59,"Sloppiness has crept into their once-perfect attack, and there is a certain any-era-of-modern-rock, unstuck-in-time vibe to the production choices and songwriting."
Mojo,50,"Into the Future ultimately stands as a middling Bad Brains effort."
AllMusic,50,"These sky-surfing legends may have another great album in 'em yet, but for all its intermittently irie moments, Into the Future isn't it."

RapReviews.com,80,"Despite a couple of minor missteps, this album is a masterpiece."
PopMatters,80,"Wrongtom's enthusiasm for collaboration is everywhere apparent on In East London's salute to the capital. [Nov 2012, p.94]"
Mojo,80,"Wrongtom has created a fitting soundtrack, celebrating both the city and the Jamaican music culture that has done so much for black music in England."
Alternative Press,80,"[Wrongtom's] meeting with East London jungle MC Deemas J is his most faithful homage yet. It's also his best. [Nov 2012, p.112]"
Los Angeles Times,70,"Though the vocals never reach that peak [on At The Dancehall] again, they're steady and reliable throughout."

Uncut,60,"Tracks as sugar-coated and high-pitched as Won't Stop and Dream Girl are capable of producing gastric fireworks. And that's without mentioning the secondary cliches, the choral 'eh ohs', the plaintive choruses, and, naturally, the Auto-Tune."
Revolver,60,"Straying far from home, Tomahawk Technique isn't an awful Sean Paul album, but it is an odd one."
AllMusic,30,"A lacklustre collection of what sounds like pallid versions of previous hits."
Paste Magazine,20,"Past the dancehall signifiers (Paul's increasingly strained lilt and tepid syncopated pulse), the new record is brazenly mediocre."

Filter,83,"The LP keeps the lamps lit with the same breezy mix of rocksteady dub and Up With People positivity. [20 Jul 2012, p.72]"
Rolling Stone,70,"While both the sternly Chassidic and sternly roots reggae factions of his fanbase might find it disappointing, Spark Seeker holds plenty of life and appeal."
Kerrang!,70,"It's a record well worth listening to, and such a myriad of sounds."
Consequence of Sound,70,"is fans might not be down with with the more mainstream sound, but the attitude he's recently adopted is infectious."
Pitchfork,30,"Occasional exotic loop or surprising flair aside, the rest [aside from three songs] is listenable, charmless and pointless. [No.90, p.58]"

PopMatters,81,"What makes this, if not the most fully realized, then the most rewarding entry in RVNG's already ambitious FRKWYS series is that it doesn't sound like noise dudes just trying to make the simulacra of a dub reggae album."
BBC Music,80,"What they [Sun Araw & M Geddes Gengras with the Congos] produced is startling and unique. [May 2012, p.89]"
AllMusic,80,"As it stands, the album (along with the essential corresponding film, Icon Eye) stands as a rather moving document of the profundity of the cross-cultural and cross-generational conversation that goes on throughout all popular culture, and given the niche audiences for both Sun Araw and The Congos, this project offers a view on a very rarely explored conversation at that."
Mojo,80,"The residency produces inspired results. [Apr 2012, p.87]"
PopMatters,70,"Like most things that result from improvisation, it doesn't always sound as new as it thinks it does, but the reggae stalwarts' freshness is timeless."
Q Magazine,60,"The first half of their joint endeavour is hugely stoned, with the more strident sounds of the Americans cutting across the chants and rhythms of their hosts. Vocals become more prominent on the second half."
BBC Music,58,"Ultimately, Icon Give Thank sounds more like a Sun Araw album with a few guest vocalist features rather than a mutually beneficial musical conversation."

The Guardian,70,"Sparrow the social commentator is in force, sometimes in atime-capsule way."
AllMusic,70,"This will be a welcome compilation for veteran Sparrow watchers, since it puts a frame around a fruitful period of important, if frequently uneven, recordings. For the more casual listener, however, a better introduction will include some of his work from the '50s."
New Musical Express (NME),58,"People deserve a two-disc Sparrow comp to bury all other Sparrow comps, but this isn't it (Smithsonian's First Flight, from 2005, is much better, though it falls off before Sparrow hit his prime)."
NOW Magazine,50,"Despite a scattering of fantastic material, overall this collection is unworthy of the Sparrow's mighty legacy."

Entertainment Weekly,80,"Produced by Rancid member and Hellcat Records owner Tim Armstrong, Jimmy Cliff's Sacred Fire EP is a wonderful jumble of time and place that ends much too soon."
AllMusic,80,"Cliff hasn't sounded this loose and giddy in years, and it's a thrill to find that side of him back in the music game."
American Songwriter,80,"It just plain feels good to hear the elder statesman of reggae stay this playful and open to inspiration."
Consequence of Sound,78,"The centerpiece, a righteous cover of the Clash's 'Guns of Brixton' references Cliff's lead character, Ivan, from landmark reggae film The Harder They Come. A wicked dub, 'Brixton Version,' bookends the set beautifully."
Magnet,63,"Buoyancy keeps 'Sacred Fire' afloat."
Pitchfork,60,"Sacred Fire succeeds more as a history lesson than as music."

Mojo,80,"There is not a single weak track on this album. It's an unusually moving and haunting document from one of the unsung heroes of American (and, oddly enough, Jamaican) roots music."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"The mood flickers between foreboding and playful; blues for modern times. [Jan 2012, p. 93]"
Uncut,60,"There is a certain sameness in evidence that makes the album more meditaional aid than rip-snorting prescription for maximum engagement. [Jan 2012, p.90]"
Dusted Magazine,60,"If You Want Loyalty Buy A Dog is a textbook Little Axe album, stuffed with
The Observer (UK),dub-blues grooves that manage to be simultaneously soothing yet unsettling."
The A.V. Club,60,"It's a set that sounds both effortless and adventurous, with McDonald's gutsy vocals and bluesy guitar work matched against drums, harmonica, keyboards, bass and impressively subtle, edgy dub effects that transform even well-known material."

Rolling Stone,80,"A polished fourth solo studio LP aimed at mainstream reggae audiences."
PopMatters,70,"Stoned to the bone with Was at the controls means this is one of the more humble and cool offerings in the Ziggy Marley  catalog, but those are the same reasons it's an album to return to, delivering that satisfying Rastaman vibration whenever listeners crave a mellow mood."
Pitchfork,63,"Wild and Free is as casual and familiar as a Friday afternoon. You might not remember it in six months, but that doesn't mean that it isn't a pleasant enough way to idle away the time."
AllMusic,60,"For his latest release, Wild and Free, he rarely feels the need to stray outside this tried and tested outline: Each track bounces along with a carefree groove and exudes blissful vibes without really offering anything fresh or innovative, but is there really any new ground to break in a genre that reached its creative zenith over 30 years ago?"

AllMusic,80,"Bedouin Soundclash's fourth album bristles and fizzes with elegantly understated passion and deadpan punky fury, as the group pursue their muse to various ends of the musical Earth."
Alternative Press,80,"It was inevitable that as his skills matured he was going to move away from the strictures of reggae as a musical style. That maturity is fully in evidence on Light the Horizon, and the songs have indeed spread out into new stylistic territory."
Consequence of Sound,70,"Light The Horizon could very well be their best album to date but, at just 10 songs in 34 minutes, it will not be enough for fans, especially the new ones that are hearing them for the first time."
Austin Chronicle,60,"They've mastered sounding unhurried but supertight. [August 2011, p. 113]"
Los Angeles Times,60,"White-reggae lovers haven't got a lot to latch onto here, since from the first strums of opener Mountain Top, Soundclash appear to be taking a welcome leap into a Vampire Weekend-type indie vibe."
Rolling Stone,60,"This is a solid album with a truly woeful centerpiece."
AllMusic,60,"All too often it feels like the band are ignoring the part of their name that gives them carte blanche to experiment and toy with expectations."

Uncut,90,"Despite talk of the non-living, one can say more resolutely that The Upsetter is back at it, town crying and rousing the most lively music lovers among us while keeping great reggae alive."
Mojo,90,"Rise Again is an indispensable recording from one of the world's most important living artists."
The Independent (UK),80,"Hardcore Perry fans will probably be divided on this one, but nevertheless, it's not difficult to conclude that Rise Again is one of his most satisfying releases of the past ten years."
The Guardian,80,"Rise Again is a highly listenable experience and except for a few bizarre lyrics (E.T. and Inakaya), it's 11 accessible tracks, soaked in sunny vibes."
BBC Music,60,"Laswell provides an accomplished, opulent dub setting. But it's at blandish odds with the lo-tech wildness of Perry's own original Black Ark recordings. [Jul 2011, p.93]"
AllMusic,60,"On the latter half of the album the 'guests' become the primary vocalists and Perry wafts in and out, a guest on his own record. Put it all together and though the legendary Upsetter of Perry's golden years has not been resurrected, on Rise Again he's closer in spirit to Perry than he has been in quite some time."
Los Angeles Times,60,"There is a deeply impressive EP to be found on this album."
Slant Magazine,50,"The sound is certainly has the depth and sheen you'd expect from Laswell. But what's missing is some of the edginess, invention and unpredictability that was Scratch's trademark. [Jun 2011, p.59]"
BBC Music,40,"What he does less of these days, regrettably, is production, upon which his outside-the-box reputation rightly rests. [July 2011, p. 103]"

AllMusic,83,"Most people have heard his hits enough by now to render these faithful renditions a bit superfluous, but the band sounds tight and Marley is his inimitable self."
musicOMH.com,70,"With plenty of hiss and maxed levels, Live Forever is hardly perfect when it comes to sound quality, and the laid-back show doesn't stand up against Marley's live masterpiece Babylon by Bus, but fans who want their reggae party a little less 'punky' will find this a great, chilled alternative."
Q Magazine,60,"Marley fanatics will surely welcome the appearance of this release, but the fact of the matter is that it pales in comparison to the other live material already available; for a truly representative artefact, stick to Live!, Babylon by Bus, or Live at the Roxy."
NOW Magazine,60,"Taken from a show in Pittsburgh in September 1980, Live Forever is the last recorded concert by Marley and The Wailers, but while it represents them at the broadest extent of their appeal, it by no means captures the band at their most potent."
Slant Magazine,60,"Though the songs sound good, the arrangements lack the diversity of the studio albums, and the whole show is a lot to take in at once."

Alternative Press,80,"While Duppy Writer is sufficiently bubbling to temporarily sate cravings, there's still scarcely enough nourishment until a new album proper."
Okayplayer,80,"These words have lost none of their clout and, in fact, Tom's reworking of the sounds that surround them only serve to underscore just how powerful they can be."
Paste Magazine,80,"This record presents some high quality versioning, some well thought-out interpretations of already excellent songs, that can act as standalone cuts and can enrich the originals. Duppy Writer adds something to Manuva's oeuvre that highlights his experience as artist, and his constantly open mind."
AllMusic,80,"The result is a charming beast--and, perversely, a near-original remix album."
Urb,80,"Duppy Writer ably serves either of two purposes, an alternate career retrospective or a remix record of taste and distinction."
Uncut,80,"The result is the album Roots Manuva has always threatened to make; approachable yet with real substance. [Oct. 2010, p. 113]"
PopMatters,80,"But from the off, the sounds here always convince. [Oct 2010, p.96]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"If your interest in Jamaican music is limited, then Duppy Writer will probably be of even less concern to you than the usual Roots Manuva album. But you also shouldn't dismiss an album this end-to-end pleasurable as some dry retro curio."
The Wire,70,"Shorn of its usual grime trappings, Manuva's deep, gruff lyricism sounds playfully inspired on catalog highlights like 'Proper Tings Juggled.'"
Mojo,60,"The result is Roots Manuva's most purely pleasurable long-player. [Oct 2010, p.105]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"It's all rather one-paced and sags badly after tenth track 'Lick Up Ya Foot' but, by crikey, the likes of 'Big Tings Redone' and 'Dutty Rut' provide the perfect soundtrack for out-on-the-stoop sunshine boozing."
AllMusic,60,"Whilst Duppy Writer is an engaging and mostly enjoyable album, it also sometimes feels slightly lightweight, or intentionally minimal and immediate."

BBC Music,83,"On The Sound of Sunshine, 'I'll Be Waiting' reaches for U2 grandeur, but Michael Franti is best as an amiable neo-Marley busker, asking for change, love, and maybe one more shot at crossover gold."
The Independent (UK),75,"This is an album that's best enjoyed with a sweating Red Stripe, at least 95% humidity and an abandonment of cares."
PopMatters,70,"From dancefloor tracks such as 'Shake It' to a lover's rock vibe on 'Only Thing Missing Was You', Franti has made an eclectic, conscious album"
BBC Music,70,"Two or three songs slip into Jack Johnson-ish blandness, but for the most part The Sound of Sunshine makes good on the promise of its undeniably appetising title."
Drowned In Sound,70,"To say the record isn't 'challenging' is an understatement, especially when looking at his early work, but it's easy to overlook how skillfully the man crafts positive music that's sunshine, and yet not sugary."
PopMatters,60,"The mood is a celebratory, the vibe relaxed and one-time socially conscious hip hopper Franti makes like he's the happiest guy on the planet. [Jun 2011, p.124]"
The Guardian,60,"The unrelenting earnestness of the album may appeal to some listeners and repel others, but in either case Franti has achieved his goal of capturing the 'sound of sunshine'--and it seems like he's having too good a time to care what anyone thinks, anyway."
AllMusic,60,"most poppy album yet is full of reggae hybrids and his best stab at arena rock."
Q Magazine,50,"Summer's gone, but the buoyant vibe to The Sound of Sunshine extends year-round."
Mojo,40,"A festival friendly selection of gossamer reggae-lite that even jacks a riff from U2's Bad On I'll Be Waiting, although the mood is more a love up, unplugged Boomtown Rats, with Franti carefully to ensure his unflinching positivity doesn't become too wearing. [Jun 2011, p.104]"
Pitchfork,40,"For all its louche jangling, for all its pleasant naivety, there isn't very much here that's worth waking up to, nor lounging to, least of all gently lamenting the passing of the seasons to."
Spin,20,"Anyone seeking the funky militancy of The Beatnigs or The Disposable Heroes Of Hiphoprisy may be baffled. [Jul 2011, p.82]"

Uncut,80,"The remixed versions of the songs from Guns Don't Kill People all demonstrate an intuitive understanding of what worked about those songs in their original forms, while the new songs continue in Major Lazer's exploration of the sounds found on nearly every dance floor in the world's tropical climates."
New Musical Express (NME),78,"The remixes feel equally vital to the EP, because after all, the great appeal of Major Lazer is watching these dancehall concoctions transform, as elements of dub and hip-hop and reggae are also smashed into one freaky, juiced up mutant (kinda like the fictional Major Lazer himself)."
musicOMH.com,70,"Not everything on this EP is stellar material, but the five tracks together are greater than the sum of their parts, because they come across as a murkier, more varied rewrite of Guns Don't Kill PeopleLazers Do.  With any luck, this is a sign of things to come, and not simply an experimental lark."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Major Lazer have never been bashful about appropriating musical styles where ever they find them; every song they make seems to be trying to remix the entire global street culture all at once. On Lazers Never Die they manage to duct tape all their influences together into a fun, listenable package."
Paste Magazine,70,"In the end, a necessary acquisition for fans or an easy way for newcomers to judge whether they are wacky enough to join the Major's cyberpunky reggae party."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"The dirtier and more obnoxious of the two tracks, 'Sound Of Siren' utilizes special guest M.I.A.'s abilities to their fullest, making it infinitely danceable. In contrast, 'Good Enough,' with Collie Buddz and Lindi Ortega, sounds like No Doubt should have when they spent so much time recording in Jamaica."
BBC Music,60,"Recorded at Kingston's legendary Tuff Gong studios, this EP twists dancehall and dubstep into kinky new directions."

AllMusic,100,"There is very little that doesn't work, with both Marley (obviously) and Nas (surprisingly) meshing flawlessly into practically everything."
Q Magazine,91,"The result is an exceptionally melodic reggae album that's intensified by rapping devoid of dancehall patois and a hard edge unknown to roots revivalism. The result is also an exceptionally political hip-hop album that's most convincing when it doesn't multiply Afrocentric distortion by Rastafarian reasoning."
American Songwriter,90,"It feels almost vain to describe individual tracks, because every last note on Distant Relatives blends to form a seamless, cohesive whole."
Rolling Stone,83,"Few best-of-both-worlds collaborations work as well as Distant Relatives, which pairs Nas' incendiary rhymes with the keening hooks and global rhythms that Bob Marley's youngest son favors."
Austin Chronicle,80,"[This album] finds a glorious similitude between the two disciplines. [Jul 2010, p.92]"
Mojo,80,"it's disappointing that collaborative projects featuring prominent artists from these fields haven't yet delivered a worthwhile album. Marley's 2005 release Welcome to Jamrock was a step forwards, but Distant Relatives represents an accomplished attempt to go further, fusing traits with few discernable flaws."
PopMatters,80,"It's thoughtful, sincere, weighty stuff, tackling subjects from African poverty to the diamond trade without sounding preachy or schmaltzy."
Uncut,80,"Nas and Damian Marley are a formidable pairing, seemingly on the same level throughout most of the album in thought and overall presence."
Slant Magazine,80,"Distant Relatives is this African contradiction explored further with hip-hop, dancehall, and by way of samples, jazz, and African music showing the way. It's a royal and a striking reminder of why these two artists have reached legendary status."
Pitchfork,80,"They've made an album that is bold and commendable, and nothing like as preachy as it might have been."
PopMatters,79,"This is a solid, serious collection of songs--the product of two thoughtful and ambitious musicians--and an album that doesn't need a panel discussion to establish its importance."
Urb,75,"Nas and Marley's less-than-transcendent but solid collaboration doesn't exactly offer the best of both worlds, but heaven knows it towers above Jay-Z and R. Kelly's similarly conceived, infinitely less ambitious and conscious The Best Of Both Worlds."
AllMusic,75,"Children's gospel choirs and Joss Stone make somewhat unnecessary appearances, but musically the project impressively meets its goal of cultural connection."
Under The Radar,70,"Distant Relatives will be ubiquitous in many people's summer soundtrack, nagging imperfections and all, and might even enlighten some folks in the process. Music geeks will find plenty to pick apart, but the general population has no reason to ignore this release."
Rolling Stone,63,"Nas and Marley have created an intermittently novel and vexing record, one that proves that the two genres need not be so distant, provided they can avoid didacticism."
RapReviews.com,61,"Too often on Distant Relatives, Nas and Marley fall into a sort of middlebrow funk, kicking overripe platitudes over sunny session-musician lopes and letting their self-importance suffocate their personalities."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),60,"At times, the results are a bit aimless; even a cute kids' chorus can't save 'My Generation' from Joss Stone's wailing or Lil Wayne's awkward motivational turn. When the two principles catch a groove, though, it's impressive."
Slant Magazine,60,"The live-band reggae sometimes feels sleepy, but Nas is there to slap the track awake--as on 'Land of Promise.'"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"It all adds up to something that is far less than a great record, but those who approach Distant Relatives can expect at least a handful of keepers for the summer months."
Mojo,60,"Sadly, Nas brings self-importance to 'Strong Will Continue,' that's encumbered his latter career, but it's the exception on a broadly fruitful collaboration. [Jul 2010, p.115]"
BBC Music,59,"Still, as much as the warped good intentions of the album can get exhausting and embarrassing, Nas and Damian's creative side remains pure enough to carry one through the lunkheaded didacticism."
The Guardian,40,"Reggae-rap soundclash fails to catch fire. [July 2010, p. 136]"
Sputnikmusic,40,"Nas isn't as passionate or well-informed about Africa's issues as he is about his own, a problem on an album that's supposed to be all about... Africa....Meanwhile, Marley dutifully toasts over the record's limp, rootsy production but really only wakes up for the harder beats, which are few and far between."

AllMusic,76,"Kingston does widen his scope a bit, as evidenced by the percolating synth/dance vibe of the set's first single and top five hit, 'Fire Burning.'"
musicOMH.com,70,"Tomorrow proves Kingston can provide a whole album's worth of pool-side entertainment even without the 'Beautiful Girls'-sized single."
Paste Magazine,60,"For the most part--despite Auto-Tuned slow songs--Kingston's mix of young-adult desire and disco heat shows he can cross over in unexpected directions."
The A.V. Club,58,"Though he's got plenty of hooks, personality is in much shorter supply."
Billboard.com,50,"Wed let the silly lyrics and robotic tempos of Sean Kingstons sophomore album slide if it were mid-July and we were in the mood for Euro-disco/reggae mash-ups, and straight-up electro-pop. But in autumn we cant abide clumsily constructed sentiments."
PopMatters,40,"No doubt Kingston can write a tune that sticks in the ear like a small insect. But just like having an insect in your ear, once the novelty wears off, it starts to get irritating."

Los Angeles Times,80,"Add Kahne's instantly accessible production and Light is not only a welcome surprise, but an album that matches his debut."
Pitchfork,80,"Reggae and spiritual self-improvement remain Matisyahu's foundation, but they're increasingly buried in the mix, allowing him to focus on his developing ear as a pop songwriter. Add in a few banjos, clarinets and a children's choir, and you've got an eclectic album that's unrepentantly over the top."
Spin,72,"He may still sport the same look, but stylistically his new music proves that he's not a one-trick pony."
Rolling Stone,60,"On his incredibly busy album, Light, there are signs of diversification too. [Jul 2010, p.140]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Devotees from Matisyahu's jam-scene days might balk, but fans of the Black Eyed Peas/Jack Johnson collabo 'Gone Going' will rejoice."
Uncut,60,"He's aiming for a wider crossover audience with a blend of dancehall, rap and rock guitar solos. Several tracks have the kind of mobile-waving choruses you'd normally associate with a boy band."
cokemachineglow,60,"More stirring are te rougher dancehall textures of Smash Lies and Darkness Into Light's crunching guitars and soaring rock chorus. The latter produces the unsettling, but not unwelcome, result of resembling Soundgarden after a course of toasting lessons. [Jul 200, p.103]"
Q Magazine,50,"On bright pleasures like the New Wave-y 'We Will Walk,' Light comes close to becoming an attention-holding pop album. But it's dragged into earnest tedium by good-natured platitudes hippie-soul moments like 'Thunder,' on which Matisyeezy sounds like a self-serious indie rapper with a major vegan bent."
NOW Magazine,50,"While working his broad sonic palette with ingenuity and verve, he sacrifices the opportunity to develop a sound that is truly his own. Light ends up with exciting moments, but few memorable songs."
Billboard.com,50,"Ultimately, Matisyahu's latest plays like an experiment in reinvention rather than a fully-realized piece of musicianship, seemingly more concerned with sounding commercially viable and dancehall-ready than operating as a musically-competent catalyst for hopeful moralism."
AllMusic,50,"For someone who has a lot to say and is such a unique figure in music, it's a disappointment that Light isn't as captivating as it should be."
Rolling Stone,42,"Like the former Fugees mastermind, Matisyahu carries the curse of burying his true brilliance in too much pop schlock."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"This barrage of generalised morality is cozened by overwrought production that sees the sun-baked reggae backbone of his previous efforts stripped out to make way for a confusing hotch-potch of styles and an overwhelming sense of desperation."
Boston Globe,30,"The biggest problem with his reggae is simpler: He's unequivocally terrible at it. Not only do we get fake patois, but also raging electric guitars and cluttered hip-hop production."
NOW Magazine,20,"Light is a dog's breakfast of weedy vocals, preachy platitudes and banal melodies that makes Sting sound like The Last Poets. [Jul 2010, p.112]"

AllMusic,83,"The album sags toward the middle, but when he sticks to his strengths, Paul is arguably the ablest pop ambassador Jamaican music has ever had who isn't surnamed Marley."
Paste Magazine,60,"His first album in four years picks up exactly where The Trinity left off: at the centre of the dance floor."
Billboard.com,60,"At 20 tracks long, Imperial Blaze suffers badly from a lack of editing, however, Paul also spends hald the album in ballad mode. [Nov 2009, p.111]"
Q Magazine,40,"Paul said in 2007 that his next disc would focus on youth violence in Jamaica, but there's little sign of that on the party-hearty Imperial Blaze, which is full of snazzy electro beats and tunes that sound like pale versions of past hits."
Spin,30,"Every single cliche held dear with the English language appears to have been right-click-Synonymed here."
The Guardian,30,"Some singles may work their way loose, but as a whole the album will is too long and monotonous; the affected style of Paul's voice, fine for the occasional single, becomes a grating trial over 21 songs."
Mojo,10,"The audacity, the immaturity contained on Imperial Blaze is enough to hang a dark cloud over music, if only for an hour as the album lulls needlessly along....This is the worst album of 2009."

Rolling Stone,93,"The production overall is impeccable and the sequencing shrewd; the tracks feel visceral and visual--you can almost see them as they hurtle by. The albums overall effect is less deafening than blinding."
Slant Magazine,90,"The guys do an incredible job of combining both the Diplo and Switch styles with that of Major Lazer, while still paying respect to a genre they clearly love."
PopMatters,90,"It's to Diplo and Switch's enormous credit that the style is fully authentic, the party in full swing the whole way through."
musicOMH.com,81,"Whatever the case, he and Switch are kicking off summer with an armful of perfect cookout-, top down-ready songs, like the daytime soundtrack equivalent of all of the summertime night's rooftop music that's been coming from Swedes Air France and the Tough Alliance and their new wave of American indie disciples, such as Real Estate and Memory Cassette in the past year-plus."
The A.V. Club,80,"The results are impressive standard-bearers for dancehall, displaying the duo's ample facility for floating the type of productions that have made dancehall the most experimental and extreme type of commercial dance music since it dawned in the mid-'80s."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"By virtue of its sheer irreverence, Guns Don't Kill... seems to encapsulate everything you always loved about reggae, and perhaps thought had disappeared."
Paste Magazine,80,"The large cast of vocalists are quite upfront in the mix, and the quality of the songs tends to depend on their talent, but for the most part its a strong collection of bangers, with few missteps."
Uncut,80,"The album sometimes feels like a cherrypicking trawl through 40 years of Jamaican musical history, but it's all done with such energy and flair that it's difficult not to obey instructions and shake your bottom frenetically."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"A front-to-back play of Guns may not work for a dorm-room style throwdown, but it is a successful album of dancehall tracks that shows good teamwork within this collaboration."
NOW Magazine,80,"It is just so much plain fun to bump loud, sing-a-long to and back it up on various people. Wicked."
Q Magazine,70,"Guns Dont Kill People, Lazers Do marks the evolution of two artists hemmed in by specific genres of their own creation, and sees them push the boundaries of expectation and experimentation a little to the left."
Rolling Stone,70,"The biggest fun is hearing Diplo and Switch go off the leash, mixing surf guitar and horse whinnies, bong burbles and air horns. By the end, they're Auto-Tuning a baby's wail, clearly high enough, artistically, to try anything."
RapReviews.com,70,"The shotgun rhythms, spaghetti western guitars, and dubstep explosions intertwine with lover's rock, roots reggae, and other island styles to impressively evoke the pairs genre-splicing DJ sets."
Slant Magazine,70,"Guns is a fun album, made for fun people, but that doesnt mean that instants of awkwardness dont result."
PopMatters,70,"Diplo and Switch clearly cherish the glitches and low-tech glory of vintage Jamaican music. But theyre much better off when re-imagining as opposed to indulging in tongue-in-cheek mimicry."
Paste Magazine,70,"If you have to buy one painfully esoteric, scrotum-tighteningly hip, show-off album this year, you may want to make it this one."
Urb,70,"Despite the occasional filler and silliness, Guns Dont Kill People...Lazers Do! takes dancehall, club music and a genre that can probably best be described as Diplo to new and very interesting places."
musicOMH.com,70,"Happily so, as well, as any adherence to the backstory would ruin what's simply the best dumbass party album of the summer."
Pitchfork,70,"Guns comes with a plot that has absolutely no bearing on the album's songs or list of guest collaborators. That its ostensible backstory makes for little more than some colorful, comic-inspired cover art keeps the album's focus where it should be: on some of the year's most compelling beats."
AllMusic,70,"As with any good experiment the failures are almost as important as the successes. The old school reggae and the auto-tuned idiocy are utterly redundant, as pointless as water in whisky. There are four or five properly innovative and exciting tunes here."
Observer Music Monthly,63,"A few songs in, I was reminded that I hate mixtapes--or at least, I find it hard to make it all the way through them, especially when they're made by other people and especially when they're filled with weak endless dub reggae."
NOW Magazine,60,"What starts as an Avalanches-like ring-tone gallop ultimately blows its load on dancehall-robo sex. [Summer 2009, p.73]"
The Guardian,60,"The result is a vibrant hybrid of bass-heavy beats and ragga toasting that echoes the digital dub revolution that swept through reggae in the mid '80s. [Aug 2009, p.109]"
Prefix Magazine,48,"This might sound like a blunder, but Diplo can never be criticized for not being adventurous enough; though he can be criticized, magnanimously, for Major Lazer."

RapReviews.com,80,"Against this highly contemporary but ever-wacko sonic backdrop, the Upsetter orates magisterially. [Sep 2008, p.98]"
PopMatters,80,"Trippy vocal distortions, rock guitar, and the either enlightening or bewilderingly entertaining lyrics create what the younger audience commonly refer to as The Shit."
Rolling Stone,70,"This should be among Perry's higher-profile efforts in some time, with production by Andrew WK, and guest appearances by everyone from Moby to Brian Chippendale of Lightning Bolt. [Oct 2008, p.150]"
Spin,70,"Repentance can be taken as prime party music, but if you dig deeper, it's much more rewarding."
Sputnikmusic,70,"Repentance is a lot of fun."
Vibe,60,"However nonsensical, Perry's rants remain entertaining, and despite its flaws, the album holds together from start to finish."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"Percolating tracks such as 'Pum Pum' and 'Chooga Cane' are more like undercooked, meandering jams than songs, mixing loose grooves and breezy synths as the profane Perry portrays a muttering old codger."

Dusted Magazine,80,"With Intoxication, Shaggy has once again found that perfect balance of slick and streetwise, and added career-defining single number three as the cherry on top."
Dot Music,80,"Shaggy uses Intoxication to once again show that while he and his crew can crank out solid pop, they can match it with cuts that genuinely rock the dancehall."
Slant Magazine,80,"The slick Shaggy sex formula is intact, plus he steps off the well-worn with booming first single 'Church Heathen,' already scorching JA parties with its keen indictment of religious hypocrisy, and 'All About Love,' featuring his raw, ragged, utterly compelling singing voice. 'Body a Shake' comes harder than before."
Drowned In Sound,75,"His best tune is an amigo-free one--the spare, glitchy title track. Gotta give the old dog credit for new tricks. [30 Nov 2007, p.133]"
The Boston Phoenix,75,"From 'Intoxication' (a tale of sexual regret) to 'Church Heathen' (about hypocrisy in the church), the lyrics are more stimulating than your typical dancehall fare, and the beats are elegant and catchy."
Under The Radar,60,"High points are overshadowed by the abundance of filler on Intoxication."
Q Magazine,40,"His intentions sound pure, but Shaggy's musical moonshine will leave all but the biggest fans with a heavy hangover."

cokemachineglow,91,"Who says protest songs can't be both fiery and fun? [4 Aug 2006, p.68]"
Mojo,80,"Franti's brain-stimulating songwriting rises to a new level of proficiency here."
Urb,80,"It's easily Franti's best album yet."
Alternative Press,80,"Franti's most eclectic offering yet. [Jul/Aug 2006, p.116]"
Prefix Magazine,70,"[Franti's] ambitions pay off on this strapping, if sprawling, collection."
Magnet,70,"The album is less of an indignant affair than you might expect. [Sep 2006, p.84]"
Hartford Courant,60,"The mainstream-organic gloss of his production has always baffled me."
Spin,50,"There will always be something uplifting, something horrific, and something silly on a Spearhead album, and Yell Fire! is no different."
AllMusic,40,"Originality seems less important to Mr. Franti than moral directness. [24 Jul 2006]"
Billboard,40,"What should have been a worldly record of peace ends up limping with musical dissatisfaction that outweighs its virtue. [29 Jul 2006, p.31]"
Village Voice,20,"Yell Fire! offers little bar platitudes over a bed of reggae-lite and tepid bluezak."

Entertainment Weekly,90,"An imposing act of pop interpretation. [3 Oct 2005]"
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Determinedly singing in her own accent was a wise move. [Oct 2005, p.110]"
Hartford Courant,75,"Her icy-cool vocals nicely contrast with the island grooves. [7 Oct 2005, p.77]"
NOW Magazine,70,"Dynamite singing, a killer band, and wonderful material do a fine album make."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"The concept works better than you might think. [3 Nov 2005, p.94]"
AllMusic,70,"There's nothing particularly profound here, but the combination of skanking, roots-reggae rhythms and O'Connor's still-gorgeous voice... is a winning one. [Nov 2005, p.106]"
Amazon.com,70,"[A] pleasant surprise of an album."
Urb,68,"At the end of the day, though, I'm a bit puzzled over why the world needed an album of Sinead O'Connor reggae covers."
Billboard,60,"For [O'Connor] to record a full reggae set, covering each song exactly like the original, rivals Gus Van Sant's odd shot-for-shot remake of Hitchcock's Psycho. [Oct 2005, p.141]"
Uncut,60,"The most curious release of her career."
NOW Magazine,60,"Sly and Robbie provide an adequate musical magic carpet for the singer to float on, but it fails to complement her as much as it should. [#11, p.108]"
PopMatters,50,"An audacious but unsuccessful experiment. [Oct/Nov 2005, p.132]"
The New York Times,40,"You can't fault the songs, the playing or the voice, but these versions contribute little to the originals. [Oct 2005, p.117]"

New Musical Express (NME),91,"Sean Paul is a gifted songbird, and on The Trinity his vocal gifts and Jamaicas continued creative vitality are a surefire formula for thrilling music."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"More dutty than rock, 'Trinty' fully establishes Sean Paul as not only a dancehall great, but one of black music's brightest talents."
The New York Times,80,"Sean Paul blasts off confidently into the future with The Trinity. [Nov 2005, p.147]"
Mojo,70,"Highly likable most of the way through, the album merits praise for not prettying up Paul's dancehall sound, at a time when it must have been tempting to add some bling for the benefit of his large American following."
Entertainment Weekly,67,"No matter how hard he smacks his drumsticks together, his third CD never ignites the five-alarm fires of previous hits. [7 Oct 2005, p.74]"
AllMusic,60,"The lack of big-name guests may make it hard to woo new fans, but those who preferred Paul's earlier work will be happy to hear he has returned home. [1 Oct 2005]"
Rolling Stone,60,"While Trinity is consistently engaging, it never quite achieves Dutty's immediate, overwhelming pop appeal."
Uncut,50,"Maybe it is too much to ask for Trinity to be as good and surprising and full of life as Dutty Rock; maybe it is unfair to ask Paul to catch lightning in a bottle twice. Probably so, but it's still disappointing for Trinity to be as empty and unenjoyable as it is."
Billboard,50,"Less than half of the eighteen tracks are worthwhile additions to Sean Paul's catalogue."
Pitchfork,40,"Feels curiously behind-the-curve. [Oct 2005, p.142]"

Blender,80,"Musically and lyrically, 'Clothes Drop' is more pop-oriented, melodic and restrained, and is all the brighter for it. [24 Sep 2005]"
The Guardian,80,"Clothesdrop seamlessly blends Shaggy's sharpest pop sensibilities with his (much slept-on) roughneck pedigree. [Nov 2005, p.147]"
Under The Radar,70,"You only have to do a little trimming to make Clothes Drop one of his best."
Paste Magazine,70,"A typically canny and diverse selection: bona fide dancehall cuts interspersed with hooky pop."
Q Magazine,60,"Has a mixed-bag feel."
Stylus Magazine,42,"Maybe he should lose the monotonous, low-rent beats and banal-hook girls (and boys). [23 Sep 2005, p.87]"
Dot Music,20,"Shaggy has one of the most grating voices in pop. [Oct 2005, p.143]"

Vibe,80,"You can fault the album for feeling much like a scatter-shot collection rather than a planned full-length, but forgiving the lack of structure of dancehall albums yields spontaneous rewards when you're dealing with a talent like Beenie."
The Guardian,80,"With a distinct lack of pretension, some wholly infectious hooks and an insouciant sense of humour, this is the kind of project that will ultimately serve to keep Beenies rep as a professional entertainer and maestro of the dance deeply intact."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Even the most hardcore riddims here percolate with moments of silky soul, pop and gospel. [Aug 2004, p.128]"
Billboard,70,"Back to Basics doesn't always transcend the liability inherent to dancehall albums: Most songs in the genre work best not as finished singles but as 30-second snippets, meant to be sampled in a selector's riddim-based set."
Rolling Stone,70,"Mainly, this is brilliant pop music... though Beenie's insistence on asserting his celebrated heterosexuality can grate. [Sep 2004, p.101]"
AllMusic,70,"Returns to the time-tested dancehall verities. [Sep 2004, p.232]"
Prefix Magazine,70,"While dancehall novices may find some of the material redundant, 'Back to Basics' is a traditional dancehall album in every sense of the word. It's rhythmic, sexual and unapologetically raw."
Blender,70,"Certainly a tougher and more traditional album than its two predecessors."
Billboard,67,"The relentless bounce eventually gets old, but not nearly as much as the crass sentiment. [16 Jul 2004, p.75]"
Vibe,60,"Nearly every song is bawdy, and some... are almost comically lewd. [14 Oct 2004, p.98]"
AllMusic,60,"Nothing on this album surprises or pushes the urban envelope. [Sep 2004, p.116]"
The Guardian,60,"Like many dancehall reggae albums, this one often cries out to be sampled more than listened to. [19 Jul 2004]"
Rolling Stone,40,"Back to Basics starts out thrilling, with Dude's electronically-treated vocals, but quickly palls."

Entertainment Weekly,80,"It's the 'experimental' tracks like the humorous 'Hey Sexy Lady,' laced with mariachi trumpet, flamenco guitar, and castanets, and the bubbly old school reggae-country hybrid 'We Are the One' that elevate Lucky Day to higher ground."
Blender,75,"Another crop of dance tracks for the masses. [8 Nov 2002, p.106]"
AllMusic,70,"Lucky Day proves Shaggy's optimism and charisma don't require market-tested hooks."
Dot Music,70,"Lucky Day isn't about transforming the human condition, just about remaining Mr. Lover Lover--the man with a fluid waistline and the promise of good bed time."
Blender,60,"The attentions of trendsetting producer Dave Kelly ensure the music is tight where it matters. [Dec 2002, p.112]"
Village Voice,60,"The faster Shaggy's music gets, the better it is."
Uncut,20,"A cold and unengaging collection."

Vibe,80,"Tropical Storm should be the album that blows away fans and critics alike."
Billboard,70,"Storm is no Shaggy-style mall-reggae move; its beats and attitude are harder and more streetwise than Beenie's 2000 Art And Life. [Oct 2002, p.116]"
Launch.com,70,"The smoothed-out international pop sound lets Beenie focus on doing what he does best -- making party music for party people."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Don't discount the reggae portion of the program; with island impresario Tony Kelly involved in much of the album, songs like 'Party Hard' and 'Pure Pretty Gal' strongly affirm the tropical origins of this storm."
Rolling Stone,70,"His most commercial sounding material to date. [Nov 2002, p.106]"
Q Magazine,60,"All baes covered, an international hit seems guaranteed. [Oct 2002, p.100]"
The New York Times,60,"A complex and rewarding exploration of the many musical and lyrical themes that tie contemporary reggae and hip-hop together."
The Guardian,60,"It's blatant commercial product, something for everyone."
CDNow,60,"Superfine pop moments never stifle the underlying Jamaican flavor... even if Beenie sometimes sounds a bit like a guest on his own album. [#10, p.114]"
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Only the thickly gnarled riddims of the Sly-and-Robbie-produced 'You Babe' really sets your ass to swaying -- and in the process, that song underscores just what a weak Storm this really is."

Launch.com,83,"Quaye's thoroughly urbanized, half-mad brand of African roots music is alive, well, and wonderfully prickly. [3/2/01, p.70]"
Village Voice,80,"On Vanguard, the same basic formula is employed, only the emphasis is much more on reggae influences, and the experimentation with genre boundaries is considerably toned down. Theres still much that shines, however."
Q Magazine,80,"It's made up of some songs you think you shouldn't like, some you weren't ready for, and some you'll have to rewind to make sure you heard correctly. It is an album with no peers. And that, my friends, is a recommendation."
Rolling Stone,60,"Despite its trippy promise, the album sometimes falters because of Quaye's quirky, self-indulgent lyrics. [Apr 2001, p. 170]"
Dot Music,60,"An album that takes a dramatic leap forward from the wafer-thin reggae he was peddling on his debut album..."
Billboard,50,"Finley Quaye's 1997 debut, Maverick a Strike, was such an ebullient blast of sunshine, such a signature reinvention of reggae, that it was well worth wondering if the young Scotsman was the next Bob Marley. Nearly four years in coming, Quaye's follow-up album, Vanguard, has enough distinctively soulful moments to leave the door open on that question, but also enough lightweight material to leave you wondering if Quaye isn't as much a novelty as a visionary."
Spin,50,"Envision a penny dreadful being sung aloud inside a pub while Roni Size tries to squeeze drunken gospeltronica out of his sequencer banks."
CDNow,40,"Its pleasant enough music if youre having a Caribbean-themed barbecue in your backyard, I guess, but little here will challenge your musical senses or move you in any way."

Launch.com,90,"This record is just a party from beginning to end."
Mojo,80,"More than justifies the hype."
Q Magazine,80,"His latest finds the Jamaican lyrical wizard working Rasta magic on a humorous pastiche of sexual posturing and socially conscious manifestoes, all nailed down on a canvas of ass-shakin' ragga, hip-hop, reggae and dancehall jams."
AllMusic,80,"On Art and Life, Beenie's lyrical flow is unstoppable. He unleashes some of his sharpest and funniest rhymes over slickly-produced tracks aimed squarely for hip-hop radio airplay."
Dot Music,72,"Beenie Man's smooth adaptability works against him, as the 17 tracks almost inevitably contain a few less than stellar ones. For the most part, however, Art and Life has more good than bad."
Blender,70,"Without being defined by any particular rhetorical or ideological position, he's made a breezy but severely eclectic record."
Rolling Stone,70,"The result is entertaining but so bound by the requirements of Jamaican and American clichs that there's not much room left for his own personality to come through."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Diasporic dancehall reggae, spruced up and polished around the edges, but essentially retaining the artist's signature style."

