Uncut,80,"On the whole, while its more serious tone may disappoint some fans of Half the City, Sea of Noise's performances are just as tight and as passionate, and even more impressive in their maturity and scope."
AllMusic,80,"Everything about the intriguingly titled Sea of Noise--from the classy but never predictable production, to sharp playing, clever lyrics, memorable melodies and especially the dialed down arrangements--is an enormous step forward."
American Songwriter,75,"Ultimately, Sea of Noise is a powerful testament to the unflagging power of music borne from faith and conviction."
Paste Magazine,70,"On every track, Janeway is a History Channel of R&B vocalizing, thrilling and powerful. He'll be one worth watching as he moves through the present."

Rolling Stone,80,"Warm On A Cold Night is essentially a pick-up line delivered in Andys charmingly unfinished croak, wrapped in sensual synths and slick basslines."
Austin Chronicle,80,"It is eminently danceable, but not braindead. Funk bubbles away down below, but the lyrics are well worth tuning into."
Clash Music,80,"Luckily, the new songs here aren't just filler between pre-existing singles; in fact, there are so many standouts that any of these songs could work as a single."
The Observer (UK),65,"There is promise, with the gorgeous choral addition in both It Aint Wrong Loving You and Good Together adding some much needed depth, but the new tracks dont really show us a side of HONNE we havent seen before."
AllMusic,60,"Seventies and 80s soul and funk influences shine through on nearly every track."
The Line of Best Fit,60,"A polished album that rewards repeated listens. [Sep 2016, p.107]"
NOW Magazine,60,"A studied sort of soul that belongs more in a Spotify aggregated playlist than on a sleazy late-night radio show."
Q Magazine,40,"It remains evident that the pair stellar pop songs in their armoury, but their over-reliance on a standard formula finds this debut stuck in a bit of a creative rut."

The Guardian,80,"The entire thing was tracked in just four days, and the pent-up, wind-tunnel sound and throat-shredding vocal runs that drive its 11 tracks reflect a renewed sense of urgency. [No. 133, p.61]"
DIY Magazine,80,"This isnt just a great gospel album to hear in 2016; its also among the must-hear albums across the musical spectrum."
Magnet,80,"By shifting back to his roots, Eli Paperboy Reed swings into the future for his most direct, honest and propulsive set yet."
Paste Magazine,80,"Ultimately, that lean sense of purpose is what drives My Way Home: by being lean, heartfelt, and mean, the record proves that Reed is back where he belongs."
American Songwriter,80,"Pop charts and singing contest game shows are rife with artists claiming to be throwbacks to a bygone era, but Reed is the real deal, and he doesnt need Christina Aguilera to tell him so."
AllMusic,70,"This is old-time spiritual soul shot through with urgent, electric energy. [Jul 2016, p.79]"
PopMatters,60,"This is real chase-the-devil-out revival with Reed's cut-throat scream and bluesy guitar playing pinned to an anything-goes-in-the-name-of-the-spirit backbeat. [Jul 2016, p.90]"

Uncut,100,"Its all delivered with welcoming warmth and humility, over impeccably buttoned-down soul-funk grooves."
Mojo,80,"Bells voice and the warm Stax sound are intact. But--as is clear from the first lines of opening track The Three of Me, in which the narrator looks at past, present and future versions of himself--his mastery of the craft of songwriting is also undimmed."
The Independent (UK),80,"With a voice as aching as this, William Bell continues to stand out as a Soul Survivor almost 80 years into a life that has seen The House win more times than he might hope."
The Guardian,80,"The septuagenarian may not possess the range he once had, but Bell's voice wears the years gracefully. [Aug 2016, p.71]"
PopMatters,80,"William Bell has forgotten nothing, it seems, least of all how to make wonderful, eternal soul music. [Aug 2016, p.88]"
Uncut,80,"Working with Leventhal has brought out the best in Bell, and 2016's This Is Where I Live is his strongest and most powerful work since the late '70s."
Mojo,80,"This is soul music with personality and real instruments; best of all, its unflinchingly honest."

AllMusic,80,"With any luck, hell have plenty more gas in his tank to release albums as rugged, diverse and memorable as this in the foreseeable future."
Boston Globe,80,"Not as prolific as some of his peers, its easy to forget what a great musician Wolf is. Thankfully, this new one serves as a fresh reminder."
American Songwriter,80,"[A] superbly rugged new solo album."
Blurt Magazine,70,"A Cure for Loneliness is solid Wolf."
Rolling Stone,70,"A Cure for Loneliness may not be Wolfs best album, but its a fine album nonetheless, and perhaps his most easygoing and eclectic one."
AllMusic,70,"His first release in six years is filled with downtempo, darkly intimate tracks--eight of the 12 are ballads."
PopMatters,60,"Bob Dylan regulars Larry Campbell and Tony Garnier pop up but this isnt a star-studded exercise, more of a stylish platter aimed at grown-ups."

Boston Globe,70,"Begin resonates most when Hervey and Goodman are left to themselves."
Classic Rock Magazine,70,"At times, their subgenre-flipping can be ungainly--the cheerleading chant 'Impossible' is awkwardly glued together, and Hervey's dissonant harmonies sometimes obscure her hooks. More often, though, the cracks in their songwriting and sonics come off as welcome decoration, and their why-the-hell-not bravado is hugely refreshing."
AllMusic,65,"Hiccups aside, Begin is an otherwise highly enjoyable album, one that sees Lion Babe fearless in their willingness to experiment with various styles in order to see what works and what doesn't, and it's through that process of discovery that they will eventually find their groove and hopefully the hit singles they are striving to create."
Billboard.com,62,"So far they dont have those hits, of course, but theyve come up with enough passable facsimiles to fill a pretty likeable album."
The 405,60,"Begin may be more of a reverential piece of art than a novel creation, but there is enough substance here to surmise Lion Babes future promise."
Pitchfork,50,"Many of Lion Babes ditties fall short of achieving anything in particular, making it a pleasant enough album, but one that is quickly forgettable."

Clash Music,80,"It's a holiday album that actually leaves you wanting more."
PopMatters,80,"Albums like this one give some hope of redemption. Jones and her band command your attention from start to finish with sugary swagger and spice. Ears will be grateful for these 11 soul and funk holiday gifts."
NOW Magazine,80,"Its A Holiday Soul Party succeeds because it takes the importance of such songs seriously but not too seriously to have fun with them."
Under The Radar,80,"Its A Holiday Soul Party is both celebratory and socially astute, comprising originals and traditional songs."
PopMatters,80,"The record to funk up your festive period. [Jan 2016, p.77]"
Record Collector,80,"Theres nothing tacky or horrendous or artificial about Its a Holiday Soul Party at all; its simply the sound of a band who understand all of these things, and have made a holiday soul party of an album in order to celebrate them."
Uncut,80,"Corny as it may be at times, this is an album that oozes soulful cheer."
Drowned In Sound,78,"In a genre so saccharine, overwrought and predictable, Jones and the Dap-Kings reinvigorate the very notion of Christmas and holiday music, recording warm and witty originals while using sharp, soulful arrangements to transform classics like White Christmas."
The Guardian,70,"Like eggnog, it's excellent in December but probably a little nauseating come January."
Paste Magazine,70,"If you're looking for something cool and groovin' to put under your tree or to slap on the stereo while you and your friends knock back some eggnog, It's a Holiday Soul Party is a hip, stylish, and rollicking good time."
Exclaim,70,"Its A Holiday Soul Party is, for the most part, smooth and subtle enough to be enjoyed at any time of the year."
AllMusic,60,"Ultimately, only the flintiest hearted won't respond. [Jan 2016, p.111]"
musicOMH.com,60,"Jones actually one-ups the Ventures with a frenetic version of White Christmas you can do the swim to. [Jan 2016, p.88]"
Q Magazine,60,"This is a playful and funky 11-track set, filled with both originals and unique takes on traditional Yuletide standards, with rich melodies and arrangements courtesy of the Dap-Kings."

Mojo,100,"If you only buy one multi-disc set by soul legends whose work spans seven decades, make it this one."
Rolling Stone,90,"It doesn't cover the Isleys' brief '60s stints with Wand, United Artists, and Tamla, but it is remarkably generous with dozens of bonus tracks--mono versions, single edits, instrumentals, and so forth--and LP-replica sleeves for each album."
Record Collector,85,"What the Isley Brothers achieved can't be contained in a single album nor can it be adequately summarized in a hits collection. They seized all the tumult, all the excitement, all of the sounds of their time and turned it into enduring commercial art whose endurance and depth is best appreciated in a set like this, where the actual records can be heard in their entirety."
AllMusic,80,"This small brick of a box set housing 22 Isley Brothers albums, many of them essential to any soul-funk library, astonishingly does not include something like a dozen tracks that any sane person would suggest were key to the band's story. This is not a complaint, merely a fact to illustrate the broad sweep of their career. [Sep 2015, p.104]"
Pitchfork,80,"There are moments of genius throughout. [Sep 2015, p.91]"
Mojo,80,"The box's liner notes are a bit scant, but it's full of treats even for aficionados."
Uncut,80,"With 23 discs to sort through what matters most is the main album cuts and not the odds and ends unique to this box with one exception: a 1980 recording from Woodstock, New York titled Wild in Woodstock. Recorded in a studio up there with the understanding that the band would add crowd noises later, this live album retains the best Isley sensibilities for the stage."

Billboard.com,100,"The label unearthed a stellar collection of songs the band recorded over two night in 1968.... The CD set capturing all four shows is where you should spend your money."
PopMatters,90,"The long held notion of Stone and Co. as purveyors of funky pop (or poppy funk) touched by harmonic roar of choral vocals and the lyricism of sociopolitical consciousness is all here. [No. 122, p.61]"
Blurt Magazine,90,"The 2015 Live at the Fillmore East acts as a necessary meditation on the groups formative material, and its firm belief that earnest positivity could be funky as hell."
Magnet,89,"There's an enduring ebb and flow, and perhaps some intentional indecision, as the Denton-born Sylvester Stewart swings the band from humanist psychedelia to Church of God in Christ gospel modulation, James Brownian run-outs, and even showtune sing-alongs."
PopMatters,80,"Theres enough variety here that you understand why the whole shebang needed to come out--and vintage audiophiles will just about bow down before the quality of these tapes."
Austin Chronicle,80,"The CD edition is especially nice--a fold-out cardboard package with sharp, true-to-the-era artwork for each disc. It tops the double-vinyl edition, a truncated and smart selection made by the Roots' Captain Kirk Douglas, released months earlier for Record Store Day."
Boston Globe,80,"Four crisply recorded shows.... A super-funky artefact. [Aug 2015, p.94]"
AllMusic,79,"This set is the document we've been missing of the onstage Family Stone of legend: the tightly knit extended family that sang and played together, the group that magically united black and white audiences. If it doesn't quite live up to their radiant reputation, it comes pretty close."

Uncut,95,"With all the hype and fast tracking to fame, its astounding that the rest of the Coming Home holds up to such unreasonable expectations. Bridges pays homage to an era so judiciously and so personally that its hard to fault him as derivative."
Pitchfork,90,"Coming Home is a star-making vehicle that is solidly crafted, robustly traditionalist and palpably soulful. This is not just a nostalgia act; this is music from the heart, and the soul."
Paste Magazine,80,"The majority of the 10 songs are in the three minute range and the album only lasts about half an hour. Thats actually a benefit."
Exclaim,80,"Accessorised with Staxy horns and handclaps, the resulting album has a genuine groove and glow."
PopMatters,80,"All the emphasis on getting the realness down doesn't distract from Bridges's butter-smooth vocals and inventive phrasing. Instead, the understated arrangements allow us to really hear his voice, unadorned by excessive studio shaping."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"His richly contoured, slightly raspy voice and the production work of Austin Jenkins and Josh Block (of the scruffy Texan rockers White Denim) give the album heft."
NOW Magazine,80,"Coming Home is, perhaps, a healthy reiteration of the classic sounds of succour in a time of need; a principled and mellifluous nay-saying."
Boston Globe,80,"A hugely accomplished debut album."
The Observer (UK),80,"He rarely slips into simple pastiche. The real deal. [Jul 2015, p.112]"
Clash Music,80,"Coming Home has a timeless quality. [Jul 2015, p.87]"
Q Magazine,80,"The vibrant Shine is filled with languid horns and sweet doo-wop backing vocals. Rolling ragtime piano (Flowers) and hip-shaking melody (Better Man) pick up the pace and theres bluesy sass in the shape of the upbeat Twistin And Groovin."
Mojo,80,"There's both [commitment and respect] in spades on Coming Home, a throwback album that's also blessed with modesty. [Jul 2015, p.74]"
New Musical Express (NME),78,"10 songs over 35 minutes at first feeling slight--yet not a sax bleed, organ snap, or female choral echo combs out as less than true-blue."
Uncut,75,"On Coming Home, Bridges solidly aligns with the latter, his soulful R&B studied and nostalgic, but also immediate and emotionally true."
Austin Chronicle,70,"What it does best is address the simple lament of not having anything to twist to in too long."
Consequence of Sound,70,"While he obviously has good intentions, at times, Bridges can't help but come off as an imitator."
Spin,70,"His smooth, Sam Cooke-esque croon makes Coming Home the best kind of nostalgia trip."
Pitchfork,67,"The album is one giant, immaculate anachronism, unimpeachable, but rarely brave."
Rolling Stone,60,"This debut sets a nice, if mostly safe, blueprint."
Pretty Much Amazing,60,"It's all a pleasing time warp without turbulence, one with songs built more to evoke the past than to last in one's memory."
DIY Magazine,60,"Bridges has a fantastic voice, but you sense hes also yet to truly find it."

AllMusic,80,"While should could stand to let her voice loose a bit more than she does here, its a minor complaint given the overall quality of her work here."
The Guardian,80,"This is a radical musical departure, certainly, but one that affirms the assured versatility of a singer/songwriter whose talent knows no boundaries. [Jul 2015, p.92]"
PopMatters,80,"A bold step, especially as the songs slow-burn rather than star-burst. [Jul 2015, p.105]"
Mojo,80,"Its a perfect combination of restrained vocal phrasing with madly creative production and a certain candidate for one of the finest albums of the year."
Q Magazine,70,"Currency of Man is a further step away from the lithe, winsome pop-jazz that garnered her notice initially, and it's a welcome one."
American Songwriter,60,"Some of her older-style material jars--when playing the cabaret siren on Bad News, or the musical theatre dame on overblown jazz ballad If Ever I Recall Your Face--but for the most part, these heavy-lidded protest jams are a sophisticated twist on her continually evolving sound."

AllMusic,70,"He's a little too old to be playing the lecherous pick-up merchant on tracks like 'Tight Tones;' but the lovesick swing of 'The Old Man And The Beer' rather suits him. [Jul 2015, p.83]"
The Guardian,70,"At times, the overall veneer is a shade too clean, suggesting nothing so much as cocktail hour at a classy conference, but the fact that Hucknall and Simply Red choose to celebrate the softer, soulful sounds of the '70s by doubling down on the smoothness does separate them from the legions of neo-soul divas in the new millennium."
Uncut,60,"An album that retains their penchant for unapologetic pop and a sound so radio-ready, its bound to beg comparison with the Simply Red style of old."
AllMusic,60,"A wizened nostalgia hangs above this blue-eyed soul--the songs are smooth and sentimental, like easy-listening epitaphs."
PopMatters,60,"Hucknall appears to have got some of his mojo back, with added sincerity."
The Guardian,40,"Lyrically unambitious, musically on its laurels, there's no oomph here. [Jul 2015, p.113]"
The Telegraph (UK),40,"Its icky love songs sadly have no beating heart, and very little soul. [Jul 2015, p.93]"

Q Magazine,83,"Their debut promises the possibility of future growth that could find the duo carving out a very fun, well-earned niche."
Mojo,80,"It's both a delight and a retro-soul how-to. [Jul 2015, p.112]"
Paste Magazine,80,"Once more, Daptone has come up trumps; this is solid gold soul. [Jun 2015, p.90]"
Q Magazine,70,"It's stuffed with Staxy beats, clicking bass and Hi-Life bounce. [Jun 2015, p.81]"
Mojo,60,"Look Closer sits in a similar wheelhouse as most Daptone projects, working a familiar vein of late 60s/early 70s soul."

Uncut,92,"Throughout her multi-decade-long career, Grammy-winning Lynne has combined eras, influences and genres to create a sound familiar, yet unique. Imagine continues in that tradition."
Blurt Magazine,80,"Whenever the energy flags and the songs become a little so-so, she turns on the voice and dazzles again. [Sep 2015, p.113]"
Paste Magazine,80,"I Can't Imagine might be her strongest release this side of I Am Shelby Lynne. [No. 120, p.57]"
Q Magazine,80,"Throughout the album, Lynnes imagination allows her to contemplate the past of front porches, the current moment, and whatever the future may hold all as one thing, and her music allows her to aurally share this vision with her listeners."
Magnet,80,"With I Can't Imagine, she's hit on the right combination of inspiration, kindred spirits and setting. [Jun 2015, p.78]"
PopMatters,80,"The fiercely independent musical spirit that animated her two most recent, deeply personal full-lengths is still strong."
Uncut,70,"Ultimately, for coming back to the label system after so many years on her ownsome, I Cant Imagine feels like a remarkably minor record in her discography, full of warmth and good vibes but lacking that conviction that has defined virtually all of her post-millennial work."
Exclaim,70,"I Can't Imagine is confident, assured, and fiercely independent."
PopMatters,70,"Everything here captures the classy, sometimes sassy and always heartfelt essence that makes Shelby Lynne one of her generations most passionate and determined voices."
AllMusic,60,"Vocally she delivers, Southern fried and passionate. But the songs, ever diverse, lack shape. [Aug 2015, p.98]"
American Songwriter,60,"Had she toned down some idiosyncrasies and worried a handful of these songs past what sounds like their draft stages, I Can't Imagine could've been a real coup for Lynne."

Mojo,85,"Some might consider it messy, and the old adage is, life is messy; well, the latter is true, which lends it its exhilarating beauty."
Slant Magazine,80,"Though neat and compact at under 40 minutes, Infinite House is as multilayered and pleasantly bewildering as the house where it was recorded."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"Its welcoming, but its weird, this band. Its got the sound of practice, especially in the rhythm section."
PopMatters,80,"Infinite House sounds like a less precious Dirty Projectors swagger toward that rare place where unashamed intellect meets accessible pop. [May 2015, p.69]"
The New York Times,76,"Keeping up with it requires careful attention, though unpacking it hardly feels laborious. Just dont expect Ava Luna to do any hand-holding for you throughout the process."
Uncut,75,"Like last years Electric Balloon, Infinite House bristles with different impulses, though many of them feel braver and larger than before."
Pitchfork,70,"The spontaneity they carve sounds scattershot at times, sometimes veering into ludicrous artiness for no reason whatsoever, the dragged-out seven minute instrumental Victoria a fitting example, though they always consolidate their full efforts in a way thats fun and endlessly listenable."
Consequence of Sound,70,"With Infinite House, Ava Luna don't narrow their ambitious scope of sound, but manage to rein in the rapid-fire impulses that made earlier albums harder to swallow."
No Ripcord,58,"The art-rock bands third LP Infinite House combines tentative dips into R&B and soul with a firm foundation in jittery, spindly, angular NYC rock, resulting in pop songs with a deliberately nervous, ungainly, everything-but-the-kitchen-sink feel to them."

AllMusic,80,"This second collection of mostly covers after 2013's Memphis embraces some of the best music of his career. [Jun 2015, p.111]"
Pretty Much Amazing,80,"These 12 songs map out a concise history of American soul, with a heavy dose of New Orleans strut."
Q Magazine,80,"A Fool To Care has scarcely a weak note. [May 2015, p.90]"
Rolling Stone,80,"One great pleasure that comes from listening to this album are the choices that Scaggs made in songs to cover, songs from R&B, soul, and country, any of which might pick up rhythms from jazz or Cajun music."
Mojo,80,"Clearly, Boz is back, and at age 70, hes never sounded so assured."
PopMatters,80,"This fine album could have been recorded at any time in the past 60 years, yet also could only have been recorded by this particular man at this particular stage of his career. [May 2015, p.107]"
Blurt Magazine,80,"Whether singing new or old songs, he presents them in the moment as living, breathing entities. He remains a song interpreter who has few--if any--peers."
Classic Rock Magazine,80,"His calm, ageless voice is perfect for this material and its clear hes in his element on 13 songs that capture and condense the essence of his Americana blues, soul and country influences."
AllMusic,80,"Boz and co get under the skin of consistently evocative songs from the likes of Curtis Mayfield, Bobby Charles, Al Green and Bobby Charles. [May 2015, p.80]"

American Songwriter,70,"JJ Grey and Mofro provide a connection to the past and a time when talent and tenacity moved the music forward. Hallelujah for Ol Glory. Its a prime example of what genuine Americana ought to emulate."
Uncut,70,"It's on those spiritual slowies that this crew rakes the biggest steps to creating the 21st-century southern masterpiece they are obviously capable of. [Mar 2015, p.94]"
PopMatters,60,"Too many other tracks have one too many verses, could have used bridges, or been left off altogether. Ol' Glory may reveal a bigger, more multi-dimensional sound for Grey and Mofro, but at what price progress?"
Classic Rock Magazine,50,"Grey and his bands drive, energy and enthusiasm go a long way to selling this music but at nearly an hour the effect is diluted. Leaving a handful of the weakest cuts in the vaults and honing the best parts from some of the others would have resulted in a stronger outing."
AllMusic,40,"It's an accomplished production--but an unambitious production, a reluctance to soar. [Apr 2015, p.102]"

American Songwriter,80,"The material is cleverly sourced. [Mar 2015, p.97]"
Q Magazine,80,"Worthy is a far bolder and more satisfying selection [than Thankful n' Thoughtful]. [Mar 2015, p.77]"
Mojo,80,"Worthy is another finely curated set of songs."
Uncut,80,"Worthy is another impressive release from an outstanding singer, and if it follows the pattern of some of her recent albums, nothing here sounds rote; this is the sound of an artist doing what she does best, and she is far more than worthy of this great music."
Boston Globe,80,"This record isnt just Worthy--its essential."
AllMusic,80,"If these 11 tracks were designed to remind the world of a criminally forgotten musical treasure, they succeeded and then some."
Blurt Magazine,60,"A collection that delves deeper than her previous albums. [Mar 2015, p.111]"

PopMatters,100,"Black Messiah was crafted painstakingly, thats evident, but it never sounds labored over. It sounds loose, on fire, and huge, like a truly Christian sermon."
Q Magazine,100,"D'Angelo's assuredly delivered a great album, one that, even in these nascent days of our receiving it, already feels like something that's always been, that's necessary, and that was probably worth any wait."
Tiny Mix Tapes,100,"Rife with the kind of sublimely loose grooves achievable only through instrumental precision, Black Messiah is as vital as it is sublime."
Slant Magazine,100,"This is the Second Coming of DAngelo, not a close second, but a continuation of that lineage. Weve waited fifteen years for his finest album to date."
Los Angeles Times,100,"Once again, he brilliantly distills years spent studying the arrangements and analog recording techniques of that music into a personal style that carves out its own space between rhythm and melody."
Pretty Much Amazing,100,"Black Messiah confirms that music holds the power to challenge and comfort, to take us someplace spiritual, political, and existential. Its beautifully, devastatingly human."
NOW Magazine,100,"It is masterful, it is heartening and it represents today's best from an R&B/soul perspective."
The A.V. Club,95,"Messiah churns the old school in ways that bristle with vitality, yet are as fresh and urgent as anything on radio."
Exclaim,94,"Black Messiah pulls together disparate threads few predecessors have had the smarts or audacity to unite."
Paste Magazine,91,"With Black Messiah, DAngelo has silenced any doubters and re-confirmed his invitation as the heir apparent to the R&B throne, whether he continues to refuse the honor or not."
Pitchfork,90,"Black Messiah is an incredible album, and an essential addition to D'Angelo's discography."
Consequence of Sound,90,"Vocally, Black Messiah is sparse, but sonically, it is accomplished and fulfilled. Every sound, every instrument, every lyric and harmony is in the place it needs to be."
RapReviews.com,90,"The social context of this album is not necessarily crucial to its enjoyment; you can just as easily take it all at face value, as a gorgeously woven soul record that will doubtless be able to shift shape to suit all manner of listening environments. Honestly, it doesnt really matter which angle you take with Black Messiah. Its a masterpiece from all of them."
The 405,90,"Black Messiah is less throwback funk and more a vision of the possibilities of modern post-funk, although its clearly rooted in soul and funk traditions."
Drowned In Sound,90,"The music on Black Messiah is quietly powerful, which is the most powerful form of power."
PopMatters,90,"The societal ruminations within the fiery judder of '1000 Deaths,' the dreamy churn of 'The Charade,' and the falsetto blues of 'Till It's Done,' fueled as much by current planetary ills and race relations as the same ones that prompted the works of D'Angelo's heroes, strike the deepest."
DJ Booth,90,"Backed by his new band the Vanguard, to whom the album is jointly credited, his sprawling funk grooves and pointed (if characteristically indecipherable) lyrics are still strikingly timely."
AllMusic,90,"Yes, fourteen years is a long time to wait between records. But, when the end product is this good, it might just be worth the wait."
Boston Globe,90,"Black Messiah is ambitious and adventurous, and in that way it delivers wholly on the promise of DAngelo as an artist."
The Line of Best Fit,90,"Black Messiah shows how deep easy can go. D'Angelo and his band have built an avant-soul dream palace to get lost in, for 56 minutes of heaven."
HipHopDX,90,"Black Messiah has dozens of false starts, short stops, jagged breaks, and backmasked bits. Everything is a little warped. But somehow, the music never falls out of the pocket. And in that commitment to upholding the groove, we find warmth and evidence that we're still moving forward despite the assault on our senses."
Rolling Stone,90,"Despite the elongated nature of its creation, Black Messiah is a fluid, confidently cool piece.... A real showcase of his incredible talent."
Spin,90,"The good--no, the astonishing--news is that this constantly engrossing record repays a decade and a half's faith and patience. D'Angelo has scuttled down the digital chimney with an early Christmas gift with long-lasting rewards: not just one of the best records of 2014, but one that will stay with you throughout next year, too."
Clash Music,88,"Black Messiah miraculously doesn't sound overcooked. It's as if D'Angelo spent all that time building tracks up and then editing them down to their raw, spontaneous-sounding essence."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Notwithstanding the occasional foray into jazz and blues, Black Messiah is much the same blend of miasmic boudoir soul, bare-bones funk and liberation songs that characterised his 2000 milestone, Voodoo."
Chicago Tribune,80,"Black Messiah is an exquisite realisation of what DAngelo does best."
The Independent (UK),80,"Its complex web of emotion and sound make for one of the most confounding yet gripping albums made in 2014; while it isnt without its flaws, it captures the zeitgeist in a way that few other albums have managed this year, and has both revelers and detractors speaking passionately."
Mojo,80,"It is a huge pleasure and a relief that this comeback is so good, so strong."
Fact Magazine (UK),80,"It doesnt leap out of speakers; it oozes and bubbles, waiting for a listener to be drawn in. As it does, the pleasures and rewards keep growing."
The Quietus,80,"Its a striking mix of sensuality and abrasion, giving a long-missing star a fresh claim on whats current."

The New York Times,100,"If you're looking for a freaky good time, Art Official is your ticket.... An exquisite Prince R&B album."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),91,"A stellar album that functions more as an ellipsis than a period. This album is an indicator that Prince is still pulling levers and asking questions."
Los Angeles Times,90,"As an original whole, Art Official Age is Prince's most complete, most consistent and most contemporary album in a minute."
The A.V. Club,88,"In an era when innovative artists such as Frank Ocean and The Weeknd are redefining the form and feel of R&B seduction ballads, Prince sounds not just relevant, but renewed."
Exclaim,84,"Lets call ART OFFICIAL AGE a beautiful renewal of vows."
Chicago Tribune,80,"This is a far better album than youd dare hope from the latterday Prince; Breakdown is a heavy, plangent ballad, while The Gold Standard just sounds like hes partying like its 1999 all over again."
Paste Magazine,80,"Art Official Age isn't just the stronger of the two--it's among his most imaginative albums since the '90s."
The Observer (UK),80,"It is all quite delightfully nuts."
Billboard.com,70,"Prince's genius remains intact, and as confusing as ever."
The Telegraph (UK),70,"There are sections of this album where the excessively excessive for excessiveness sake draw attention away from the parts that are genuinely fantastic. Not that Prince cares what anyone thinks. He proves with this album that he will experiment and make the music he wants to make."
Rolling Stone,70,"A s Art Official Age plays out, it winds up being less of an introduction to a new generation as much as it is the treat for loyal fans that MPLSound tried so hard to be but end up felling short of."
musicOMH.com,67,"Even the purest pop songs get derailed by the sheer volume of ideas he attempts to cram into every sonic cranny, including a confusing sci-fi narrative thread that periodically breaks in."
PopMatters,65,"Art Official Age is not a return to form by any means, but a modestly exciting Prince album."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Tunes and sound both stay below the Gold Standard. [Dec 2014, p.104]"
Pitchfork,60,"[A] confusing, sprawling grab-bag. [Nov 2014, p.90]"
Classic Rock Magazine,60,"Art Official Age's main takeaway is that His Royal Badness has started to make peace with being past his prime."
Mojo,60,"Once you get past the air-horn headache that is opener Art Official Cage, the album settles into a pleasant rhythm that plays up His Purplenesss knack for whispery weightlessness and deep grooves."
Slant Magazine,60,"While the production details of each track are full of lessons in musicianly ingenuity, only Breakdown has a melody that lingers. The others are overshadowed by Princes back catalog."
NOW Magazine,60,"Too many average slow jams.... They just remind you he's still around; short of a tune, but  the unique inhabitant of a purple planet all his own. [Nov 2014, p.80]"
The New York Times,60,"Nostalgic fans will no doubt lap up Princes old-school falsetto preens and funk beats. But such a sustained recoil from the current world has a consequence. It can seem regressive or overfamiliar."
Uncut,60,"If the album doesn't offer any startling surprises along the lines of the furious 'Black Sweat'--there's not much abandon here--there's joy in hearing Prince embrace his lyrical eccentricities as he accessorizes his smooth jams and coiled, clean funk with such oddities as laser blasts and spoken introductions from what appear to be British nurses."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),60,"What follows are flashes of brilliance interspersed with stuff that just wouldnt have made the cut 30 years ago."
AllMusic,58,"Neither Art Official Age nor PLECTRUMELECTRUM aims to be a legendary Prince record, but both hit their marks anyway."
The Guardian,40,"Art Official Age, regrettably, is something we have heard before: an overlong, pan-generic concept album. [Nov 2014, p.107]"

Consequence of Sound,100,"If Art Official Age is a juicy reaffirmation of Prince pop basics, Plectrumelectrum, his collaborative album with 3rdEyeGirl, represents a more intriguing departure, even if it too reaches back into the past, making a bold connection with a time when Jimi Hendrix was the last great black American rock star, before funk really left rock 'n' roll to the white man."
Q Magazine,83,"He and the girls trade off vocal duties, creating a bold, dynamic playfulness."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"The sound of him working with a lean combo is so refreshing, and a welcome first in his mammoth catalogue. [Nov 2014, p.107]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"The 3rdEyeGirl album has a much cleaner sound, and a sharper focus, than Princes solo album."
Q Magazine,75,"Hardcore Prince guitar-freaks--those who yearn for an entire album of six-string slash-and-burn in the mold of Jimi Hendrix, Ernie Isley, Eddie Hazel and Prince himself on 'Purple Rain' and 'I Could Never Take the Place of Your Man'--will find much to love on PlectrumElectrum.... Though the 3rdEyeGirl rhythm section of Donna Grantis, Hannah Ford Welton and Ida Nielsen provides a solid foundation, and shares some lead vocals, the songs feel slight, a touch predictable."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),72,"Taken as a whole, PlectrumElectrum is a fantastic rock and roll party record (although there are some more serious lyrical themes sprinkled throughout). But when you really pick apart some of the pieces, it becomes a little less interesting."
Chicago Tribune,70,"This is a commendable album and the two acts clearly work together incredibly well and challenge one another. But the most magic always happens when Princes presence is at its strongest."
Paste Magazine,60,"This is a more conventional album. [Dec 2014, p.104]"
musicOMH.com,60,"PlectrumElectrum, the band set, although rockier and fuller, is just as random [as Art Official Age]. [Nov 2014, p.90]"
Classic Rock Magazine,60,"What constrains PlectrumElectrum is its rigorous, deliberately retro back-to-basics mandate. Prince at his best doesnt just collect and recreate genres; he smashes them together."
Mojo,60,"The formidable 3rdEye ladies want badly to be a raw, stripped-down rock band, but despite their chops and the analog production, the performances are slightly anodyne, scrubbed of menace."
The New York Times,60,"There are no songs here to touch past glories, [3rdeyegirl's] excitement in the studio is captured.... They just remind you he's still around; short of a tune, but the unique inhabitant of a purple planet all his own. [Nov 2014, p.80]"
Billboard.com,60,"If the songs on PlectrumElectrum don't stick the way those on Art Official Age do, it's nevertheless a quiet thrill to hear Prince spar with worthy partners, as he does throughout this record."
Uncut,60,"3rdEyeGirl are an impressively tight funk-rock band, and their presence inspires Prince to some imposing soloing on the instrumental title track and at the conclusion of Anotherlove. The issue with PlectrumElectrum is the variable quality of the songwriting on offer."
AllMusic,58,"Neither Art Official Age nor PLECTRUMELECTRUM aims to be a legendary Prince record, but both hit their marks anyway."
The Guardian,50,"While Art Official Age is assuredly the more melodically assured of the two discs, PLECTRUMELECTRUM is at times way more fun, with Prince unleashing his iconic guitar skills in a litany of rockers that call to mind early cult favorites like 1979s Bambi before falling into a generic pop spiral that he never really recovers from."
Consequence of Sound,50,"He and band move through riffs, guitar solos and drum fills with a compact tightness that shouldn't surprise; Prince is a legendary taskmaster. The problem, though, is that half the songs, most obviously 'White Caps,' don't pop, don't scream for replay and should have landed on the cutting-room floor."
PopMatters,40,"Prince does his Hendrix thing over turgid live-band grind, and songs like ''Whitecaps'' and ''Aintturninround,'' where 3rdEyeGirl step out front, have a New Age-y alt-rock feel, like No Doubt in a Funkadelic phase."
Los Angeles Times,38,"What [3rdEyeGirl] dont have is much of a personality. Recorded live in the studio using analog equipment, the album is nevertheless too proficient, too slick, and too professional to come across as much more than anonymous."
Rolling Stone,20,"This album belongs chained up in the vaults."

Pitchfork,80,"Foster is wearing her open heart on her sleeve but she's never pushing too hard, never overselling her message; she's charming with her warmth and sly skill."
NOW Magazine,80,"Its another remarkably strong and mature entry in a sturdy body of work that hasnt shown any missteps yet."
AllMusic,78,"With Ndegeocello, Ruthie Foster finds her rhythm, and more importantly, an album steeped in purpose both personal and political."
American Songwriter,70,"This is excellent music to listen to when feeling down."
Austin Chronicle,60,"On the albums second half, Foster and her producer/bassist Meshell Ndegeocello steer more towards a softer sound (Learning To Fly, New) that glosses over some of Fosters grit. Still highlights are easy to find."

PopMatters,82,"The various feels weave into a core sample that merges old-school Stax with church music for anyone whod dare to listen."
Blurt Magazine,80,"This second album packs sock-it-to-me punch aplenty in 12 tunes that just happen to be about the Lord. [Sep 2014, p.114]"
Paste Magazine,80,"It moves musical mountains with joyous funk, ecstatic hand-clappers, and  fine redemption blues. [Sep 2014, p.95]"
Q Magazine,80,"This is no victory lap around the baptismal fount, but rather a document of spiritual struggle and hard-won artistry."
Mojo,80,"Those looking for the perfect formula for crafting an ideal gospel or soul record need look no further than Naomi Shelton and the Gospel Queens Cold World. A real gem."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Cold World is an example of what Daptone and the retro-soul crowd are doing right, and it's an authoritative and affecting piece of work."
PopMatters,73,"Its Shelton who confidently ties everything together and insinuates a larger story arc in the sequencing."
AllMusic,70,"It's '60s-soul funky rather than frenzied testifying. [Sep 2014, p.76]"
Pitchfork,70,"The only downside to the album's stripped down sound is that while it makes for a solid play from start to finish, there isn't much differentiation, making it easy to forget which track is which amongst the dozen offerings."
Uncut,60,"While theres nothing quite as dynamic as the best work of Sheltons labelmates Sharon Jones and Charles Bradley, Cold World provides a rousing listen for fans of vintage soul."

Exclaim,85,"We never quite reach the mind-blowing heights of the first instalments greatest discoveries, namely Larry Jon Wilsons Ohoopee River Bottomland and Jim Fords Im Gonna Make Her Love Me, although Donnie Fritts does-what-it-says-on-the-tin Sumpin Funky Going On comes very close, but the quality remains very high."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Larry Williams, Johnny Guitar Watson and The Kaleidoscope hook up for some psychedelic sitar grooves you thought youd never hear; Jim Fords Rising Sign is a fuzzy swamp-funk-rock beast that pummels you into submission."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"Finger-lickin good."
Record Collector,80,"Country funk, no matter how one defines it, might not be a real musical style per se, but as presented here, and in the first volume of this series, it emerges as a reminder that no musical style stands in isolation."
Boston Globe,80,"Country Funk II is an archivists delight."
AllMusic,80,"The overall vibe of the collection is likely to put a smile on your face (hell, even Townes sounds a mite less melancholy, thanks to the spirited accompaniment), making it a perfect fit for your next beer 'n bourbon patio party."
Blurt Magazine,76,"Vol. 2 proves theres more than enough country funk out there to fill a good Vol. 3."
Exclaim,70,"With acts like Florida Georgia Line re-integrating todays country, its a timely flashback."

Pitchfork,90,"With Emma Jean, Lee Fields and the Expressions have crafted a modern day soul masterpiece that could easily sit next to, if not surpass, the greatest releases of the late 1960s and 1970s."
Rolling Stone,90,"Emma Jean is mellower, mournful and unimpeachably authentic.... A magnificent piece of work. [Jun 2014, p.76]"
PopMatters,90,"Emma Jean even stands out from its excellent predecessors in performance, arrangement, production, and inspiration."
Uncut,80,"[A] slower tempii dominate the first half of Emma Jean, leaving the lapel-grabbing soul struts until the second half of the record. [Jul 2014, p.89]"
AllMusic,80,"Fields showcases a burnished voice that quakes and quivers with the wisdom only age and experience can afford."
Mojo,80,"This is more than just a stroll down memory lane since the emotions and lost love laments remain timeless, as does the sound of a man who understands his musical strengths and plays to them with class, authority and soul searching intensity."
Boston Globe,75,"Even though you know just what you should be getting from an album like this, Lee Fields & the Expressions play like the stakes have never been higher: they lay it all out there, put it on the line, and make damn well sure you feel it."
American Songwriter,66,"No matter how you look at it, tales of love and loss sound better when theres a voice like Fields guiding you along."
Pitchfork,60,"This third LP for the label is both gritty and polished, sung and played with the certainty of an artist who's been doing it forever and will keep on doing it until they're stopped. [Jul 2014, p.107]"

Filter,100,"If music be the food of love, Kelis has cooked up something tasty enough to satisfy all but the hungriest of hearts."
Q Magazine,90,"The outcome is both comfortingly retro and exhilaratingly fresh, a modern twist on a classic dish, the aural equivalent of Natalie Colemans 'pimped' roast pork belly and quail scotch egg that triumphed in the 2013 Masterchef final."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),90,"While it remains almost impossible to dissociate Kelis and early collaborators the Neptunes, it's more difficult imagining a better creative alliance--at this point in her career, at least--than the one that shines here."
Drowned In Sound,90,"Surely nothing tastes as delicious as this music feels."
AllMusic,88,"Just as eating well should be a sensual experience, this album layers its flavors."
musicOMH.com,87,"Food is just as tangy as the concoctions Kelis whips up every week on the Cooking Channel, in spite of the stylistic departure from her R&B albums like 'Kaleidoscope' and 'Tasty' as well as 2010's dance-focused 'Flesh Tone.'"
Chicago Tribune,83,"Food is consistently satisfying and often fabulous."
Billboard.com,80,"When an object in motion has been in as much motion as Kelis has been in the past four years, finding rest in soulful vibes and plaintive melodies, an album that invites rest for the artist as much as it does the listener is a welcomed, intriguing and appreciated listen."
Pretty Much Amazing,80,"Food feels like a full-fledged look at the life, pleasures and pains of Kelis, something none of her old records ever really delivered."
HipHopDX,80,"The Cordon Bleu-trained chef transforming humble ingredients into Michelin-starred delicacies at once melting, tender and sweet. [May 2014, p.93]"
The 405,80,"Anybody arriving at this album expecting 13 Milkshakes will be sorely disappointed, but everyone else will hear Kelis at her most effortless."
Mojo,80,"As a whole, Food is a delight and represents adventurous R&B with bite."
DIY Magazine,80,"As Kelis herself once said, Tasty."
Exclaim,80,"Food is indeed 'the real thing,' a satisfying album grounded by familiar funk, rooted in classic soul sounds and focused on the everyday rituals of life: eating."
Boston Globe,80,"Food is good-time party fare packed with feeling; many of these songs would blend right in on a Soul Jazz compilation of rhythm and blues rarities."
Spin,80,"Everything from the heavenly Floyd to the slightly sickly cover of Labi Siffre's Bless the Telephone signal that she has matured into an artist at ease with her position as pop's perennial outsider."
The Observer (UK),80,"Even when tracks are slowed down, momentum is kept up through classic, subtle funk elements and hints of gospel-music playing behind."
The Guardian,80,"Food is a fabulous and immediate record, rich with muted brass and low-key electronics."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"Regardless of the musical style, Kelis vocals manage a rare balance--between maternal nurture and a lovers caress."
Clash Music,75,"While there are still moments where her many commitments result in under-developed tracks (like the lackluster Labi Siffre cover, Bless the Telephone, or the uncomfortable vocal sample of Forever Be), she takes a risk and succeeds."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),70,"Whether making us dance or encouraging us to think, Kelis is always out to fatten us up with her musical menu."
Consequence of Sound,70,"Sometimes the tracks are merely eclectic, and you feel that this would be pretty impressive for, say, a Sheryl Crow record. But sometimes its almost mutant, and then it feels right for Kelis."
Filter,70,"While Food may be more home-cooked comforts than Blumenthal experimentation, at its best its a fulfilling portion."
The New York Times,69,"Food may not make her the star she deserves to be, but this slightly overcooked album is proof that she can cook."
New Musical Express (NME),63,"It's to Kelis' boundless credit that she can make the twee screw of Floyd or the passive attack trip-hop of Runnin feel warmly human just by doing her best to overpower it--even as the music tries, and nearly succeeds, in overpowering her."
Paste Magazine,60,"Food might sound pretty, but it's weaker than the sum of its parts."
Pitchfork,60,"Food is grown-up, womanly, but for all the hearth-and-home warmth, it doesn't forget the way to a listener's heart is through their ears. [May 2014, p.109]"
Resident Advisor,60,"The stark, minimalist production by TV on the Radio's Dave Sitek is so cool and aloof that these snacks never feel fully cooked."
Q Magazine,60,"This is some of Kelis's subtlest, most organic-sounding work. If only there was more of her in it."
Rolling Stone,60,"A couple of songs sound like Much More Music hits (Breakfast, Forever Be), but a few genuine surprises--the Simon & Garfunkelesque cover of Labi Siffres Bless The Telephone, the slow-burning Floyd and country-rocking Friday Fish Fry--demonstrate Keliss deft versatility."
Slant Magazine,60,"Once you get over the initial shock of Kelis' raw-throated take on country-rock on 'Friday Fish Fry,' the culinary theme becomes another ingredient that never quite blends into a tasty dish. [May 2014, p.76]"
NOW Magazine,60,"Though occasionally subdued, Kelis brings a moody character to Runnin, while Sitek offers subtle variations on the funk-soul style, edging into salsoul and swamp-rock on Cobbler and Rumble."
Uncut,30,"Food is another sad testament to how the squares have won and how were all likely to capitulate at one point or another to the dictates of the majority."

The Independent (UK),80,"Electric Balloon sees Ava Luna staying the course in producing music that is as heady, adventurous and intelligent as that of their debut, if not more so."
Tiny Mix Tapes,78,"Electric Balloon is top-heavy, however, and the back half of the record drifts out of focus due to some grooves thatrather than sparkle--simply repeat."
The Line of Best Fit,77,"Ava Luna are an exhilarating live band, and Electric Balloon is the first thing they've done that comes close to bottling that energy."
Filter,75,"Electric Balloon may be a gamble in more ways than one for the NYC nostalgic collective, but it's one that reaps far more than it sows."
Pitchfork,70,"Each song is so powerful and crafted you cant help but buy into whatever it is Ava Luna are trying to sell you."
The 405,70,"While they may not be the finished article just yet, there is enough promise here to suggest an exciting future ahead."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"The record keeps pulsating from one energy to another, suggesting art project and ritual."
musicOMH.com,70,"The streamlining does much for the album, giving the songs enough space to let their varied and often contrasting influences meld nicely with the band's unique visions."
The New York Times,67,"Brooklyn's Ava Luna makes disparate funk for these desperate times. The band's second proper full-length packs in more references than a LinkedIn profile."
AllMusic,60,"Interesting juxtapositions proliferate, but Ava Luna often seems to be pursuing oddity for its own sake. The best cuts here are the most unitary."
Austin Chronicle,60,"Electric Balloon lacks the consistency needed to catapult Ava Luna beyond the indie blogosphere."
Blurt Magazine,40,"At best, it's eccentricity gone wild--there's no shortage of weird noises creeping in throughout--and at worst, just confusing."

PopMatters,80,"Ultimately, Half the City is a captivating, exceptional soul album."
DIY Magazine,78,"Throughout, there's a sense that the band lives to let it all hang out--beg, scream, and shout."
PopMatters,70,"This debut album is pretty good, and this band shows a lot of heart."
Austin Chronicle,60,"Blue-eyed soul with a gritty bite. [Jul 2014, p.96]"
AllMusic,60,"They are not pure revivalists--they write their own material, which is often adequate rather than memorable--but their style is steeped in the musical traditions of the region, and they are helped by a remarkable singer."
Mojo,60,"Not everything needs to be emoted so hard, not every line requires an instrumental ta-dah! Try a little simplicity next time. It makes the big swells all the more impressive."

The Guardian,91,"With their latest album SJDK give the people what they want, even if they didnt know how much they wanted it."
Blurt Magazine,89,"Its Jones powerful, perfectly vibrato-laden voice that creates just the right of emotion for every break-up, hook-up, fed up and uplifting track on the barely 30-minute record."
Pretty Much Amazing,85,"The best album of their career thus far."
Paste Magazine,83,"Give The People What They Want certainly lives up to its name, but its no rehash of the past--or a collection that panders."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"The now-well-established ensemble pulls off a notable twofer with Give the People What They Want. Its made a full-length album that hangs together as a distinct whole, and its also written a collection of unique songs that stands tall as an example of what still makes the genre vital."
The A.V. Club,80,"This pan-generational Jones/Dap-Kings team have been injecting new vitality into a classic form since 2002, and the people will certainly want their strong new soul album. [Feb 2014, p.90]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"Its a triumphant comeback."
Mojo,80,"Feeling as genuine, exiting, and downright fun as their very best work, it does just as the title suggests--with the band back on blistering form and Jones solidifying her place in the pantheon of soul legends."
Clash Music,80,"The Dap-Kings prove once again to be an almost mind-bogglingly crisp backing band, with tickingly taught percussion, sticky bass lines and sweat-inducing brass. But its Jones, of course, who holds together every song with her now-classic vox."
Under The Radar,80,"Jones and company sound at the top of their game."
CMJ,80,"If you are seeking something original then this is not it; if you are a fan of good music and your ears need their medicine, this is exactly what the doctor ordered."
Boston Globe,80,"Theres nary a moment missed by the band to demonstrate that Sharon Jones is one of the greatest female vocalist currently operating."
No Ripcord,80,"These ten songs sound almost designed to be played on repeat, and keep with the always colorful and ecstatically fun sound audiences have come to expect from one of the best acts going in retrofitted classic soul."
Blurt Magazine,80,"Although it perhaps lacks the wasted acrobatics and distracting volume that populates todays popscape, Give The People What They Want nevertheless reminds us that its both range and heart that helps compelling soul music survive both a century of cynics and existential close calls."
AllMusic,80,"Give The People What They Want is an especially bright new feather in the cap. Its towering, tempestuous, addictive, and available in a beautiful shade of marbled blue. Maybe we dont deserve it, but its here to own us just the same."
Filter,80,"[Jones'] natural ebullience still drives the splendid Give the People What They Want, a hook-laden affair keeping up the high standard set by I Learned the Hard Way and 2011s punchy Soul Time!, as good an R&B album as any in recent years."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"A great album full of songs both uplifting and danceable, emotional and cerebral."
The Independent (UK),80,"No matter how contrived the sound, however, there's no writing this troupe off as lazy pastiche.... Give the People What They Want breathes passionate new life into the past."
musicOMH.com,80,"It the bits between the notes that rescue this from the status of pointless fidelity and make it so compelling. [Sep 2013, p.90]"
The Guardian,80,"Their fifth album together since 2002 maintains an astonishing standard comparable even to that of original legends like Aretha Franklin and Otis Redding. [Jan 2014, p.122]"
Uncut,80,"The 50-something from Brooklyn is her own diva and sounds at once wounded, defiant and exuberant. Producer-bassist Bosco Mann runs a tight band with its own tricks and which purrs along so joyously the influences fade to leave a core of unadulterated soul."
Q Magazine,77,"Give the People What They Want is a pretty short 10 songs, though its breezy half-hour leaves plenty that sticks and plenty more worth revisiting when it doesn't."
The Observer (UK),75,"Their sixth disc nails the familiar pleasure centers, but truly excites only when the singer casts manners aside. [24 Jan 2014, p.67]"
Pitchfork,70,"A dozen years in, her brass-powered group is both extending and preserving tradition; it remains a national treasure and an instant soul party."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Despite the Dap Kings versatility--they were more hushed and drowsier backing Charles Bradley on last year's Victim of Love--and Jones' indefatigability, there aren't many new ideas here. That's not the point, though. The point is that music from another time can still thrill us in this one because of its practically tyrannical insistence on bliss."
Rolling Stone,70,"Whereas I Learned the Hard Way suffered from a lack of variation in songwriting, Give the People What They Want transverses the dictionary of soul and pulls out a few different entries, making it a much more engaging record."
Spin,70,"Rarely has reliability been this funky."
Consequence of Sound,70,"Give the People What They Want is a collection of songs that not only sees the Dap-Kings reveling in a variety of musical tones, from confident, strutting anthems of independence to slow-burning, intimate ballads, but also displays Jones at her most vocally ferocious, lending a self-assured voice to the down and out."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Although Sharon Jones & the Dap-Kings are brilliant Motown/Stax revivalists, their stalwart '60s soul/funk, at times, hits the inevitable yawn note."
Slant Magazine,60,"Never a subtle singer, Jones attacks her soul anthems like a blunt force instrument. Thats fine, since nuance isnt called for here. Force is, and Jones has enough of it to thrill. That still isnt enough to drag the Dap-Kings out of the shadows of their idols."
Exclaim,60,"As much as Give the People What They Want is a quasi-holding pattern and is middling in its success, hope that she can get back to doing what she does best, which just so happens to be the title of this very album."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),60,"The album is missing an emotional, drawn-out, heartbreaking ballad, but inspirational anthems like Retreat! find her sassing as loud and proud as ever."

PopMatters,90,"In addition to being Dam Funks best production work to date, 7 Days Of Funk is Snoop's most enjoyable album in years."
NOW Magazine,90,"Apart from a generic cameo from Kurupt on 'Ride,' 7 Days of Funk is an infectious, modern take on the funk genre--here's hoping that Snoopzilla and Dm-Funk will collaborate again."
HipHopDX,80,"The P-funk derived style of Dam-Funk us about as perfect a fit for Snoop's supine cool as can be imagined. [Feb 2014, p.57]"
Exclaim,80,"It's a one-tempo caramel cream of an album--sticky-icky and irresistible. [Feb 2014, p.110]"
The Wire,80,"Snoop is in surprisingly tender form. [Feb 2014, p.88]"
Q Magazine,80,"The two [Dam-Funk and Snoop], collaborating as 7 Days of Funk, have a loose and luxurious self-titled album (on Stones Throw) that places both men on comfortable turf."
Mojo,80,"7 Days of Funk is a fun and refreshing experience--one of Snoops most enjoyable projects since Tha Blue Carpet Treatment. George Clinton would be proud of this fresh take on funk music."
The New York Times,80,"The name of this project might be 7 Days of Funk, but theres enough groove in this mofo to last a lifetime."
XXL,70,"Lyrically, 7 Days Of Funk offers little to muse on. Snoop's mainly concerned with discussing how funky he is and what a good time he's having. It's largely free of the misogyny and gangsterisms that have defined his past work."
Blurt Magazine,70,"Its a groove and a mood piece; a funk report for the ages and the future--and, after less than 40 minutes (including the bonus tracks), it drops out of space at exactly the right moment."
Resident Advisor,70,"A laidback funk groove is the essence of 7 Days of Funk, with Snoopzillas vocals taking his relaxed approach to its full.... To say Dm-Funk is engineering a new kind of funk would be a misstatement; to say he has a keen sense for the atmosphere as well as the rhythms of funk, an understanding of what really makes for a classic funk track, would be an understatement."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"If anything, 7 Days acts as the inverse of The Chronic, wherein a famous hip-hop producer introduced the world to an up-and-coming MC weaned on P-Funk and George Duke; now, it's a pop-cultural hip-hop icon giving a bit of shine to an adept indie producer who can elicit all strains of funk in this 21st-century Zone of Zero Funkativity. It's not the dank, but breathe deep anyway."
PopMatters,70,"Even if this is Snoop's first album with a single producer since the monolithic, Dr. Dre-helmed Doggystyle, don't call it a comeback, call it lark, and a funky, welcome one at that."
Spin,70,"It's a strong mode to be in, but 7 Days of Funk doesn't change or challenge things--it's a brief LP, even accounting for bonus tracks, and with everybody firmly in a comfortable lane there's not much surprise."
AllMusic,65,"Dam-Funk's production is solid and quite funky, while Snoop's personality shines through his vocals just as they have for the past twenty years or so."
Pitchfork,60,"Until Snoop's next reincarnation, this is a welcome diversion."
RapReviews.com,60,"It's a welcome sign of life from an MC who many assumed to be over the hill, and where it fails, it fails on its own terms--and that's a kind of success in itself."
The Guardian,50,"7 Days of Funk is a slog through shallow percussion (especially in the amateurish drum pattern on the Kurupt-featuring Ride) and drowsy synthwork."
Slant Magazine,50,"While Snoop's voice is an easy match for the sound--both are low-key but hard-hitting--most of the tracks don't quite cohere."

Consequence of Sound,85,"This compilation is an undoubtedly comprehensive overview of the scene and--while perhaps a little obscure in places for the casual listener--is a dream come true for aficionados of deep cuts and rare grooves."
Rolling Stone,84,"How could the scene that gave us 1999 and Control have such an underknown history where its pre-eighties R&B roots are concerned? Thanks to the deep knowledge base and research that went into Numero Group's Purple Snow compilation, it's made clear just why that is--and why, in a fairer world, it shouldn't have been the case."
Under The Radar,80,"The 30 songs follow the scenes progression: the first half is classically minded R&B and soul that evolves on disc 2 into danceable funk, with Alexander ONeals new wavey Do You Dare and Ronny Robbinss electro-rap track Contagious."
Pitchfork,80,"Highlights include the Earth, Wind & Fire-esque horns and harmonies of The Lewis Connection's Got To Be Something Here and tracks by Flyte Tyme, whose singer Cynthia Johnson left for Lipps Inc and Funkytown one-hit-wonderdom, but who on this evidence clearly deserved much better, [Jan 2014. p.108]"
NOW Magazine,80,"While there might be a sketchy blueprint here, Prince took R&B to unknown places both musically and by integrating a bizarre personal philosophy that tried to make sense of God, sex, life, and death, but mostly sex."
Mojo,80,"As a work of scholarly revisionism, Purple Snow is peerless. How and why the Twin Cities helped transform Prince Nelson into the Artist remains a mystery. But this is a charming addition to the Paisley Park family."
Dusted Magazine,80,"This isn't Minneapolis blowing mind after mind in the mad rush, this is the groundwork, the early experiments, the demos en route to the full on experience. Drums sometimes barely sound there, mixes are merely what can be done with the tools to hand, it's not slapdash but it's not slick either."
Spin,80,"Those who possess inside-out knowledge of the Prince and Jam & Lewis songbooks should be thrilled with it."
The Quietus,80,"While its not quite all gold--over two CDs the listeners resistance to slap bass and super-smooth vocals may be tested--the standard as a whole is incredibly high."
AllMusic,70,"This two-disc set tells the story of that sound ['The Minneapolis sound'], from the proto-disco Seventies to the synthed-up Eighties."

New Musical Express (NME),80,"John Legend captures the intimacy of the R&B genre without sacrificing the core music, which keeps it interesting for everyone."
Rolling Stone,80,"All of Legends strengths are present: keen melodies, smooth vocal understatement, and artful arrangements."
PopMatters,80,"Love in the Future is among Legend's best work, made for couples who are into one another for the long term while feeling a little daring and crazy."
Boston Globe,70,"On Legend's fourth LP, executive producer Kanye West helps give him a plush, nuanced palette to match his signature emotional generosity and strong sensuality."
AllMusic,67,"Legend too often resorts to theater-kid oversinging. [6 Sep 2013, p.75]"
Rolling Stone,60,"It's a hit-and-miss affair. [Oct 2013, p.105]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"[The album] is not in the same league as his magnificent 2004 debut, Get Lifted. But Love In The Future, boasting production and writing credits by Kanye West, still has plenty of beautiful moments."
Q Magazine,60,"At 16 tracks, the album moves surprisingly fast, with few songs outstaying their welcome, but it ultimately fails to successfully push Legend into the future."
NOW Magazine,60,"If ever the record's appeal wanes due to the generic feel of the backings and melodies, it is given a lift by Legend's fine piano playing or little production tweaks."
Slant Magazine,50,"Legend is content to adopt a croonerific sound that doesn't challenge existing soul genre parameters in the least. That's fine, in theory, but rather yawn-worthy in execution."

The Observer (UK),90,"Electric Slave makes a strong case that Lewis is ready to go toe-to-toe with the Dan Auerbachs of the world, and easily has what it takes to go the distance."
Exclaim,80,"Black Joe Lewis and his full-tilt-boogie band of musicians has assembled an outstanding set of tunes, full of gutsy, barely-restrained performances."
Exclaim,75,"For if you dont get distracted by the constant temptations of modern contrivances and social connectivity, and buy into these simple but striking songs that Lewis is selling on Electric Slave, then hes got the cure for the modern ills and then some."
PopMatters,70,"In Electric Slave, Black Joe Lewis has crafted a reference point thatll supplant those old YouTube performances and provide future Lewis scholars with what is arguably the defining point of his career."
The Line of Best Fit,70,"While he still peppers his rock anthems with flourishes from an adept jazz-informed horn section, Electric Slave is his most primitive album to date."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Although it meanders in places, the mood remains high-spirited."
AllMusic,70,"While Lewis can emote with the best of them, a little more nuanced emotion in the music would really let his vocals shine."
Boston Globe,67,"Meet the new boss, same as the old boss."
Consequence of Sound,65,"lectric Slave explores old forms with vigor, charting links in minutes that took years to develop."

Austin Chronicle,100,"Fans will alp up the spot-on menu, while newcomers can discover one of the most criminally overlooked musical titans of the last century. [Nov 2013, p.98]"
Paste Magazine,100,"This box brims with supportive evidence [that they were 'the greatest rock'n'roll band in the world.'] [Oct 2013, p.103]"
Classic Rock Magazine,100,"It's that depth of detail, combined with the masterful sequencing, that makes Higher! such a superb box set: it tells a familiar story in a fresh fashion."
Mojo,90,"The richest overview yet of maybe the most visionary funk operation in pop history."
AllMusic,90,"As a box set, Higher really does reinforce how creatively rich a band Sly & the Family Stone were, while making it seem almost unbelievable that their peak only lasted seven years and seven albums."
Rolling Stone,85,"A high-energy quartet of live tracks from the band's 1970 performance at the Isle of Wright Festival is indispensable, all in all making Higher! the ultimate Sly & The Family Stone document. [Aug-Sep 2013, p.103]"
Pitchfork,80,"This definitive 77-track anthology favours the early years, illustrating how quickly Stone and his multiracial crew evolved from a decent R&B outfit into a trailblazing psychedelic-soul gang show, [Oct 2013, p.117]"
Under The Radar,80,"If you want a more detailed account of each album, youll have to check our Reissue Of The Month review in RC 335. Limited, expanded editions of Sly & The Family Stones first seven long-players, from 1967s A Whole New Thing to 1974s Small Talk, were reissued in 2007 and are now out of print. This box set sort of plugs that gap."
Q Magazine,80,"Higher!'s real value is in its depth: Stone needs four CDs to display his breadth, and this comp is full of funky fun. [No. 101, p.59]"
Record Collector,80,"Finally, maverick genius Sly Stone receives due respect in this four-disc retrospective, as the leader of rock's first multi-racial, multi-gender, multi-genre band."
Magnet,80,"This is a mammoth and comprehensive overview of one of the major musicians of our time and as such, is essential listening for all enthusiasts of funk, soul and rock."
The Independent (UK),78,"Higher! details every ounce of Stone's genius, while cropping just enough to avoid the lengthy, late-Seventies tailspin continuing on today."
American Songwriter,70,"The quality of the set rises and falls with the quality of the band, from the formative fusion of soul, rock, and pop on their first three albums to the sudden, exhilarating sound of it all snapping into focus with 1969's Stand! and the gradual turn into 1971's claustrophobic, paranoid There's a Riot Goin' On and the nimble funk of 1973's underrated Fresh. From there, however, it all fell off just as quickly as it had risen, as Sly's genius dissipated in a downward spiral of drugs and delusion."

Austin Chronicle,90,"An all-round triumph. [Sep 2013, p.90]"
Spin,80,"All in all, Made Up Mind is one of the more intriguing efforts from 2013."
Classic Rock Magazine,80,"Here they keep the songs lean, tough and relatively compact, reigning in Trucks more expansive slide tendencies in favor of nailing tight, tough arrangements featuring Tedeschis gutsy vocals."
PopMatters,80,"While they may stretch out for improvisational flights in concert, Made Up Mind is concise and compelling."
American Songwriter,80,"This 11-piece ensemble of accomplished veterans positively struts on its third LP since forming in 2011. [Sep 2013, p.95]"
Boston Globe,80,"It showcases the strength of an 11-piece band willing to experiment as they assimilate inspirations--from Stax, Muscle Shoals, Motown, Delaney & Bonnie, blues, and jazz--and incorporate their various experiences into a new whole."
Uncut,70,"Theres singing going on, all right, it sounds lovely, but little is conveyed other than loveliness. However, theres no arguing with their authenticity or technical excellence."
AllMusic,70,"The result is equal parts Stax and Muscle Shoals without the dilution of either."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"Despite the massed personnel, nothing sounds cluttered or excessive."
Rolling Stone,70,"Made Up Mind is another strong effort from the group headed by Ms. Tedeschi and her husband, the virtuoso blues guitarist Derek Trucks, though not quite as enlivening as its 2011 debut, Revelator."
Exclaim,65,"Considering the improvisational skill, malleability and performing traditions of the sprawling group, this is just another solid recording on a long, strange evolutionary trip. [No. 101, p.60]"
The New York Times,50,"It feels as if the focus on Made Up Mind was on serving the songs rather than the players, which is understandable, as plenty of guitar heroes make less guitar-centric albums in an effort to prove themselves as more than just a bag of a licks. But, it all just falls a bit flat of what this group is capable of in the right context."

Magnet,90,"Lickety Split is not only a joyous, unhindered return to form, but the group's finest studio offering to date."
Consequence of Sound,80,"The guitar work is explosive and vibrant, and Mr. Randolphs band is accustomed to turning a congregation into a howling audience (and vice versa). At times its easy to forget that this isnt a live recording, which seems like the point."
AllMusic,75,"Randolph has come home and hes never sounded better."
The New York Times,74,"The songs really serve as a backdrop for Randolphs musical prowess. Designed to work for frat kids, fest-goers and other party people, in the end, what matters is the way he plays."
The Line of Best Fit,50,"As it stands, this selection of songs did not translate well to the sterile environment of the studio, and, because of that, the final product falls flat on feeling the spirit."
Paste Magazine,40,"Carlos Santana's guest spot on 'Brand New Wayo' sounds less than 'Smooth,' and the entire ethos of 'Welcome Home' works like repurposed new country."

PopMatters,88,"El-P has never sounded more scathingly unhinged as an MC. Killer Mike, who brought an urban philosophers mind set to R.A.P. Music, conjures that same level of intensity when he rains down insults alongside his new sidekick."
Austin Chronicle,80,"While the presiding atmosphere is retro, the Avila brothers' production keeps things properly real."
Chicago Tribune,80,"Jones's playing is inventive throughout, comparing favourably to his work with the M.G.'s. [Sep 2013, p.86]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"Anthony Hamilton provides another [highlight], bringing a gospelly spirit to Gently Elsewhere, Raphael Saadiq and Gary Clark Jr lend their talents to the great party groove Fun."
Mojo,80,"For every step back, however, there are two steps forward: most of the tracks find Jones collaborating with some hot young artist."
The Independent (UK),80,"Booker T can still effortlessly access the pleasure principle that transcends musical trends and fleeting fashions, with an instinctive grasp of groove and momentum that speaks directly to heart, feet and head alike. [Sep 2013, p.84]"
The Guardian,80,"Fun, the track which is most obviously Booker T, is ordinary, and Feel Good is so-so; Cant Wait, despite Estelles distinctive vocal, suffers from gimmickry and is the track with the least of Mr Jones on it.... The rest of the album, in which the veteran meets current talent, is mostly great."
Uncut,80,"This quick, free joint project is comparatively frizzy, and doesn't leave a bruising stain of forced mind expansion--just a pleasant memory of good times had by reclaiming jewels from the corporate overlords of mainstream rap."
Record Collector,80,"Killer Mike gets the most quotable lines, turning simple statements into punchlines and investing each syllable with a sense of rhythmic possibility; youre never sure exactly which word in a given line he might decide to pluck like a stray beard hair.... Despite abandoning some of the more layered and mannered production flourishes of his solo work, El-P still packs these songs with stray details--the roar of a tiger, those gorgeous organs, the squeal of a dolphin--that can be jarring on first listen but gradually reveal themselves to be essential."
Spin,80,"Theyve refined their scope to create an album that you want to blast out of your car, your house party--or ideally a boombox having been transported back to a street corner in Eighties New York."
CMJ,80,"Its a harsh listen thats likely more obscure to casual, Top-40 listeners than R.A.P. Music. Thats too bad for them, because Mike and El-P seemingly unleash every item in their B-boy tool kit this time around."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Sound the Alarm is the sound of summer."
HipHopDX,75,"This album, produced chiefly by Jones and/or the Avila Brothers, has the hallmarks of those great Memphis sessions of yore--sultry organ work, a lithe rhythm section and lots of meaty horn accents--with touches that bring it comfortably into the 21st century."
Boston Globe,60,"True, the Estelle-sung can't Wait sounds out of place, but elsewhere this is an estimable example of making things just like they used to. [Sep 2013, p.99]"
Los Angeles Times,60,"Overall, Sound The Alarm is an experiment that sometimes wildly succeeds, sometimes pleases, sometimes bores, and sometimes crashes and burns."
Q Magazine,60,"The standard remains high throughout, from neo-soul man Mayer Hawthorne's strong vocal on the opener and title track to the blues jam with Jones's son, Ted which closes the album."
musicOMH.com,60,"The funky soul groove template that Jones helped create in Memphis some 40-plus years ago never really goes out of style. One wishes there were more of that here."
The Observer (UK),60,"Iz and Bobby Avila (aka the Avila Brothers) produced and co-wrote the bulk of the tracks, and those are the most successful. It would have been smarter, though, to use them for the whole album, as the smattering of generic blues jams and guest showcases seem tacked on and out of place."

AllMusic,85,"Whereas 2011's Want More felt uneven, Howl is dynamic, controlled and with few, if any holes."
NOW Magazine,80,"Articulate, emotional and primed for the dancefloor. [Jan 2014, p.71]"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"The middle lags a bit, but thats forgotten when ninth song Cold brings the breakup album home with simple piano and Brookss wounded singing."
Uncut,70,"Now three albums into their career, JC Brooks & the Uptown Sound have taken their lumps, paid their dues and emerged as a band rooted equally in the wisdom of the past and the optimism of the present."
NOW Magazine,70,"Despite the obvious--and deliberate--reference points, most of Howl is a solid chapter in the evolution of a fascinating band."
PopMatters,70,"Theres a sense listening to Howl that its creation might have stung a bit, but in the end, the bands pain proves to be the listeners pleasure."
AllMusic,62,"It appears that by shaking off the mantle of indie-soul revivalists, Brooks and his band may have also shaken off the element of excitement that made them worth listening to."
Consequence of Sound,60,"While Howl falls squarely into a no man's land between soul and pop, Brooks's smooth style ultimately proves refreshing."
Paste Magazine,50,"Howl weaves a compelling narrative, but it'd be more interesting if Brooks embodied the title and channeled his inner Screamin' Jay Hawkins."
Exclaim,40,"There's a Prince influence, but little real passion. [Nov 2013, p.94]"

Austin Chronicle,80,"This album is another addition to Alice Russells impeccable back catalogue."
Mojo,80,"When To Dust takes flight, you don't have to squint your ears too far to imagine Alice Russell as a worthy successor to that notional throne [of British soul]."
PopMatters,80,"To Dust is body music for the spirit, a celebration of all that is human. It is the record that should finally put her over to a mass audience."
BBC Music,70,"Her fifth set, To Dust, works Russell's exquisite taste for beats and atmosphere into some of her strongest songs."
AllMusic,60,"Not enough to likely attain crossover appeal, but definitely hitting a sweet and soulful spot, Alice isn't Adele, but she doesn't aspire to be."
Rolling Stone,60,"Something of a disappointment after 2008's Pot Of Gold. [Apr 2013, p.98]"

Exclaim,100,"Newcomers are strongly advised to absorb and understand Inspiration Information (and the two albums that preceded it) before passing judgment on the new stuff. That said, for anyone fearing the worst, they exceed any reasonable expectations."
Mojo,100,"Inspiration Information [is] repackaged with an extra disc of pieces recorded since then, which show his abilities undiminished by age."
PopMatters,90,"Outsider soul from a true original."
The Independent (UK),89,"Aural adventurers, the mothership has landed."
The Quietus,88,"If it doesnt quite show the knack for experimentation and variety hinted at via Inspiration, Wings is a quietly amazing document of Otis doggged determination over the quarter century between leaving the business and the first Inspiration reissue."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Inevitably, its a time capsule, rather than a new album proper, though the best moments make you wonder what might have been."
Pitchfork,80,"His originality peaked in '74, but for groovy, tuneful pizazz, Wings Of Love takes it even higher. [Jun 2013, p.115]"
Record Collector,80,"This reissue pairs his metaphysically funky 1974 masterpiece, Inspiration Information, with a similarly spacey unreleased LP cut between 1975 and 2000 that positions this multi-instrumentalist as a missing link between Sly, Jimi, Stevie, Prince and Frank Ocean."
Q Magazine,80,"As exhibit A in a case made that Shuggie Otis is an overlooked talent, Inspiration Information + Wings of Love present powerful evidence."
Rolling Stone,80,"It cannot have been a paucity of good songs, strong playing or contemporary production values that was the problem, the 13 hitherto unheard tracks on Wings of Love stunningly illustrate. [May 2013, p.102]"
Blurt Magazine,80,"It's close to the best of all music I know.... A second CD of later, unreleased material with some genuine gold among the dross."
Mojo,80,"Shuggie devotees will be pleased, and Shuggie neophytes get to dive in deep on their first plunge. [Mar-Apr 2013, p. 104]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"Thanks to the commercial success of the new class of R&B singers like The Weeknd and Frank Ocean, Otis sultry R&B has found a market in 2013."
Under The Radar,70,"A few highlights such as the soaring, dramatic title track are spread over an expansive 70 minute playing time. But there isnt much youll revel in as timeless art criminally neglected to the dustbins of R&B obscurity."
Consequence of Sound,70,"That quarter-century span should be a tip-off that this is not a lean, coherent, purposeful album, but rather a collection of every listenable thing Otis completed over the course of 25 years, and in that sense, it's pretty good."
American Songwriter,50,"Unlike the greatest movements of his previous albums, Wings of Loves diversity is its greatest fault, as 14 tracks visit musical fads long forgotten and ill conceived."

AllMusic,89,"He's the finest true soul voice of his generation."
Tiny Mix Tapes,84,"If you were a fan of No Time For Dreaming youre going to be a fan of Victim of Love, and you shouldnt really need to know anything about it other than its an album full of Charles Bradley songs."
Austin Chronicle,80,"This is living, breathing music that avoids the trap of comfy nostalgia. [Jun 2013, p.94]"
Paste Magazine,80,"An album for the ages."
Q Magazine,80,"Bradley and his band are such great interpreters and expanders of the soul tradition that you dont mind the nagging feeling that youve heard these cuts before."
Under The Radar,80,"His quiet, reasoning delivery works beautifully, and reminds one of the singer's instinctive ability to transform a song. [May 2013, p.91]"
Blurt Magazine,80,"its unfair to expect him to suddenly modernize now. He does, however, explore some unexpectedly psychedelic terrain here, which he handles impressively."
Mojo,80,"Victim of Love is best described as classic and authentic without feeling anachronistic in the least."
NOW Magazine,80,"Bradleys sophomore album, Victim Of Love, burns hard and slow."
PopMatters,80,"You hear him at the peak of his powers on the title track, whose acoustic soul reels in the band and lets Bradley tell his story, one wounded sentiment at a time."
CMJ,80,"Victim of Love is meant to be taken literally; it's a rare and continued opportunity for a sexagenarian to finally get his chance in the soulful sun. Something the album proves that he's both appreciative of and not taking lightly."
Boston Globe,80,"Hes lived it long and hard, and with this album Bradley continues to lay out all the goodness and badness of life and love, with soul to spare."
Exclaim,80,"Victim of Love showcases growth--and a sound not heard before on Daptone--while not straying from the gritty soul that established the singer; it is every bit as strong as its predecessor and more diverse."
musicOMH.com,80,"Its quality never falters over the album's 40 minutes, from Let Love Stand a Chance's gorgeous swoon to Where Do We Go From Here's tense funk."
AllMusic,80,"Victim of Love may only be Charles Bradleys second album but it marks another remarkable footstep in the life of its creator."
The Guardian,70,"Its pretty uniformly vintage-soul stuff--barreling horns, wafting backing vocals, single guitar chords on the upbeat--but it never sounds antiquated."
The Line of Best Fit,70,"It's Bradley's voice that seals the deal."
Consequence of Sound,70,"A couple of the more freeform screamers may be a holler too far for some ears, but there's no denying the passion and power of Bradley's formidable lungs. [Apr 2013, p.67]"
Rolling Stone,70,"The new album is a little less pointed [than his debut], and a good deal less surprising. But Mr. Bradley, once again wailing against the convincing grit of the Menahan Street Band, sounds bolstered by all the touring he has done over the last two years."
Uncut,68,"Victim of Love is ultimately a less successful record than No Time for Dreaming. For one, Bradley seems less connected with this set."

The New York Times,90,"Two of her first album's many attractive attributes were the subtle and surprising twists in song structure and seamless genre fusions. They're in steady supply her."
Pitchfork,80,"The songs ponder affection and honesty, desire and independence, rightly confident that their modesty makes them all the more approachable."
AllMusic,80,"It's not only a testament to her sheer persistence as an artist, but also a powerful soul record that showcases her remarkable vocal talent with a concise collection of expertly performed songs."
The New York Times,70,"She does sultry and cool well."

Sputnikmusic,100,"Roth fits Hunter like a glove, bringing out the warmth of his brass section and framing his raw voice in perfectly judged R&B arrangements that spark and bounce."
Rolling Stone,90,"His intelligent lyrics and melodies inside the arrangements of these beautifully crafted songs underscore the integrity and passion in his trademark voice. This is inarguably his finest album."
The Independent (UK),89,"The combination of Roth's deft touch, Hunter's gritty vocals, and the band's skilled musicianship makes Minute by Minute one of the best of the year."
AllMusic,80,"Yes, the production is grand, the band tight, and the songs are clever, but Hunters voice is the main attraction here. He sings with an ache that never breaks, even though he always seems to be reaching for a note just out of range."
Austin Chronicle,80,"He still sings very much from the heart, though, and the result is altogether awesome. [Apr 2013, p.94]"
PopMatters,80,"The vivid nostalgia remains, with these all-original cuts sounding like they could easily have been laid down back in the golden ages of the 1950s and 60s."
Mojo,70,"The seamlessly authentic sound fit his raw and lusty vocalising, and the impressively tailored swagger 'n swing og his band, to a tee. [Mar 2013, p.73]"
BBC Music,60,"He came out the other side with a hard-won wisdom, emotion and sense of craft that, like soul music, never goes out of style."

Uncut,80,"My True Story sits right in the middle of it all, nostalgic but beautiful, distinctive but connected."
Blurt Magazine,80,"What sets this collection of doo-wop and early rock era tunes apart from the jaded pack is Neville's peerless voice and crystal clear passion for the material."
PopMatters,80,"[An] engaging, likable, thoroughly listenable, and indeed, sing-along album. [Feb 2013, p.96]"
Boston Globe,80,"It's a virtually faultless set, with plenty of neat touches personalising familiar material."
Mojo,80,"Neville almost levitates through doo-wop, soul and R&B standards."
The Independent (UK),70,"As an album, there is nothing Aaron Neville is offering in these remakes that would make anyone want to listen to his versions instead of the originals. Therefore the album falls flat, and comes across as a well executed, but arbitrary project, from a legend."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"Ultimately, My True Story is a smooth, mostly laid-back, and soulful recording by Neville."
Okayplayer,70,"It's a tasteful genre exercise that employs old-fashioned conventions with strategic license."
AllMusic,70,"He shines brightest on the slower material."
The New York Times,70,"If [Keith] Richards' participation helps revitalize these sounds and sends newcomers searching out the first versions well, that's just a bonus to a thrilling project that combines Neville's stunning voice with classic melodies whose sentiments remain timeless."
Uncut,60,"There's a faint mustiness to some of the more upbeat arrangements, but on slow jams like the title track (a falsetto-streaked 1961 gem by the Jive Five) and Curtis Mayfield's 'Gypsy Woman,' Neville suspends time in vocal amber, a true soul master at work."
American Songwriter,60,"This is a joyful and respectful collection. [Feb 2013, p.107]"


Rolling Stone,80,"Three years after  Rod's Soulbook covers album, Hucknall does that bit better, as you would expect from a voice with more than a decade's less wear and tear. [Dec 2012, p.106]"
Q Magazine,80,"There's an assured balance of passion and restraint in his takes on 'I'd Rather Go Blind' and 'I Only Have Eyes For You', though his 'Lonely Avenue' lacks Ray Charles' relaxed slouch."
Q Magazine,70,"Hearing these songs in any format is a tremendous pleasure, and Hucknall here does them credit."
The Independent (UK),60,"When Hucknall pulls a performance only the most blinkered would argue he brings nothing to the party. [Dec 2012, p.86]"
BBC Music,60,"It gets closer to the spirit and sound of what Hucknall loves."
Mojo,50,"American Soul is more rewarding than Phil Collins' recent album of Motown covers, but is ultimately defined by a similar sense of futility. [Dec 2012, p.72]"
AllMusic,50,"The central weakness is that, no matter how good the songs, you don't get swept away with the emotion of great (hit) lyrics."
Uncut,40,"This is music that originates from the soul, but it is delivered in an entirely soulless fashion."
The Telegraph (UK),20,"Tthey run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier with Hucknall managing to make every song sound impressively dated."

musicOMH.com,90,"If A Dream Deferred isn't the best produced album this year, it's gotta be in the top three."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"Skyzoo got himself a winner with this album."
Okayplayer,80,"Skyzoo's sincerity as a rapper is shot through A Dream Deferred, but the album has a seamless musical charm."
XXL,80,"Even as he rocks increasingly ambitious production--and trust, Dream Deferred is one of 2012's great accomplishments--it's sometimes hard to get on Skyzoo's side as much as he seem tailored towards accessibility."
HipHopDX,75,"Skyzoo has created an album that may not be the dream we all thought it could be, but it is one that will be playing in your mind long after you've nodded off."
PopMatters,60,"The production is on point and the rhyme patterns are above average, but there's a distinct lack of cohesion."

RapReviews.com,90,"Producer Craig Street's customary forte is smoothness but the grittier Muscle Shoals influence he's channeled here is perfectly tailored. [Nov 2012, p.77]"
Exclaim,90,"It's a marvellous, spine-tingling journey around some not-so-obvious American songs, and also a stunning tutorial in different American music styles, strung together by LaVette's sensuous singing... Possibly the best set of songs she's ever recorded."
Uncut,90,"LaVette deepens their meaning with a slow-burn commitment to the lyrical nuance and the emotional resonance in the melodies."
BBC Music,80,"There's a rich sense of open space and movement that feels close to dub reggae at times, which leaves plenty of room for LaVette in the foreground."
Paste Magazine,80,"Other artists covered include Gnarls Barkley, Tom Waits and Neil Young, but this is Bettye's record, these are her songs now. [Nov 2012, p.86]"
NOW Magazine,80,"Powerful soul medicine best taken a track at a time. [Nov 2012, p.101]"
Mojo,80,"LaVette is in incredibly fine form, squeezing every amount of emotional resonance out of every track, her voice a well burnished, emotionally charged instrument that she plays like a master."
Q Magazine,80,"With a few exceptions the music grounds itself in 1960s soul, staunchly chugging along as Ms. LaVette's bruised, caustic, adamant voice plunges into every line, coming through the songs as an unflinching survivor."
Blurt Magazine,80,"Thankful N' Thoughtful is a solid outing from an outstanding singer who knows how to growl, croon, grumble, praise, and jump for joy with her vocal phrasing--whatever makes the song live and breathe."
The New York Times,80,"This is another compelling example of Lavette's finely tuned interpretative talents taking songs to places you might not have imagined."
AllMusic,75,"Bettye LaVette is able to tap into the deep, sanctified stream of black-church music to come up with performances that shine with hope, even as she deals with life's more difficult situations. [No.92, p.55]"
American Songwriter,60,"Since there's never any faulting LaVette's performances, the quality of her albums depends on both the material and the producers she chooses, and it's in those ways that Thankful N' Thoughtful is a slight letdown from LaVette."
Magnet,60,"The sound is gothically cavernous and frames her seized phrasing with tasteful restraint."
Slant Magazine,50,"There is no denying that LaVette has a hell of a voice. On Thankful N' Thoughtful  as on her other work  it's a massive, destructive, ragged thing... [Yet] she has the voice, but not the songs. She has tried to overcome this by working with songs from other artists; the results are mixed."

The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"The Glorious Dead is an achingly self-aware throwback record, focusing more on the strength of each song than the album's overall structure."
PopMatters,80,"They stick to their winning formula. [Sep 2012, p.88]"
Exclaim,80,"The Glorious Dead isn't necessarily a saving grace as much as a solidifying grace for The Heavy."
Mojo,80,"This is a fun record. Sometimes that really is enough."
Consequence of Sound,70,"It builds nicely upon The Heavy's previous work and should please fans of the band's quirky take on rootsy soul-influenced music."
musicOMH.com,70,"They sometimes feel as second-hand as The Black Crowes, but The Heavy's capacity for rabble-rousing is a potent strength, which in music  if not always politics  isn't necessarily a bad thing."
AllMusic,70,"There are proficient pastiches...[and] there are plenty of chugging, 6/8 neo-soul ballads. [Sep 2012, p.79]"
BBC Music,60,"The Heavy remain The Black keys for people who'd rather dance than mosh. [Sep 2012, p.102]"

Uncut,100,"A genuine classic, in fact."
Q Magazine,100,"For all the 40-year-old reference points, Big Inner never feels like a pastiche; it's audibly more than the sum of its influences, in the same manner as Lambchop's Nixon."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),100,"Over seven elegant tracks, White and his musicians achieve the kinds of loveliness that Spiritualized, Lambchop, Cat Power and the Beta Band have tilted at, at different times in the past, and quite often missed."
The Guardian,90,"The music on Big Inner is so wondrous that it seems entirely obvious that well always find that peace, joy and contentment in music rather than anywhere else."
The Observer (UK),90,"Overall, Matthew E White and his Spacebomb house band have created a brilliant debut, one that will undoubtedly have artists queueing up to be a part of this newly established project."
The Line of Best Fit,90,"He's made one of the great albums of modern Americana, and one suspects that a reluctant star is born."
musicOMH.com,90,"Big Inner is a brilliant debut, brimming with homages to pop music's past, whether it be Motown or Randy Newman."
Uncut,90,"There were many musical spirits in the room when White and his Spacebomb band went to recording the seven farmhouse-soul spirituals found on Big Inner, but what ultimately renders this record truly special is the band's ability to synthesize all these elements into something that is uniquely their own."
Consequence of Sound,81,"White's gift on Big Inner is taking sounds created by actual southerners and turning them into figments of his musical imagination, which he bends and shapes into bottomless columns of ethereal soul."
Blurt Magazine,80,"A debut album of psychedelic gospel-tinged gems. [Mar 2013, p.94]"
Pitchfork,80,"Many have tried to recreate the vibrancy and laidback groove of vintage soul-pop, but to absolutely nail it you need to be someone truly cosmic. Amy Winehouse just about managed it, and Matthew E White is one other such person."
Mojo,80,"Funneling psychedelic sounds through soulful gospel has long been a musical quest.... Matthew E. White's band have nailed the gig with their first experiment. [Feb 2013, p.106]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"White's own voice lacks the character to drive his songs, but Big Inner is a hugely impressive debut nonetheless."
Q Magazine,80,"Instead of feeling like a testing ground for a series of wild experiments, White has crafted a collection of hushed character sketches worthy of Randy Newman or Bill Callahan."
The Independent (UK),76,"This is gospel-smacked, laidback music, tinseled by horns and strings and grounded in a big, big love."
CMJ,70,"A dramatic pop-gospel record that hits extremes of the mood spectrum: very easygoing and very obsessive."
Filter,70,"It's sometimes silly but also undeniably soothing."
The New York Times,60,"Matthew E. White's Hometapes' debut, Big Inner, is as frustrating as it is cosmically transcendent."

Rolling Stone,80,"The Soul Sessions Vol 2 is Stone's most focused and rewarding album since Vol 1."
AllMusic,80,"After some so-so self-penned albums, Stone could use some original material anything like as good, but this is a powerful, heartfelt and classy comeback."
BBC Music,70,"Stone's in fine, strutting voice but the sensitive hesitation of a new singer tackling soul gems ten years ago is replaced by confidence that leads to a tendency to oversing as her star has risen."
The Guardian,60,"The Chi-Lites' 'Stoned Out Of My Mind' is ruined by needless melismatics, and the Broken Bells cover is no match for the White Stripes track on Vol. 1. But Gems include a half-tempo version of the Womacks' 'Teardrops' and a stately reading of Eddie Floyd's 'Nobody But You.' [Sep 2012, p.86]"
American Songwriter,60,"Her confidence and grit have increased, though that's a double-edged sword. She's become especially reliant on a yowling vibrato that's a terrific fit for the brush-off of '(1-2-3-4-5-6-7) Count the Days' (a special edition bonus track) but doesn't leave much room for vulnerability."
Uncut,60,"It's high-class karaoke, covering the Chi-Lites, Dorothy Moore, The Dells, Womack & Womack."
Boston Globe,60,"For the most part, The Soul Sessions, Vol. 2 does feel right: it has the form and sound of classic soul while never acknowledging that R&B continued to develop past, say, 1972. For an audience that agrees with that thesis, this is fun."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),60,"Stone's strict adherence to formula plays against her here, as Vol. 2 feels overly familiar."
AllMusic,58,"As long as the original recordings by the Chi-Lites and the Rolling Stones continue to exists, Sessions' covers are passionately pointless. [3 Aug 2012, p.74]"
Slant Magazine,50,"Her musical instincts are off, and she steamrolls nearly every song with her bombastic blues growl."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"This sounds like a calculated genre exercise. [Sep 2012, p.90]"

Rolling Stone,100,"Intense, painfully frank, hysterically funny,and in the end, exultant... OSIGTS isn't always an easy listen, but it does offer a fearless experience that invests pop with more theatricality than the form can usually tolerate. [Jul 2012, p.80]"
Mojo,100,"ODIGTS is the soul album of the century. It might yet turn out to be the album of the year"
Mojo,90,"If you only know them through Come on Eileen then I urge and implore you, give this a listen and then work backwards through the rest of their catalogue. Youll be rewarded."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),90,"There is so much personality, poetry, vulnerability and resilience here that most other records sound like dry runs by comparison."
PopMatters,90,"It might just be the best record of this year, and the best of Rowland's career. [Jul 2012, p.66]"
BBC Music,80,"Soar finds a happy ground between Dexys' debut and their much-loved but seldom-sold third. [Jul 2012, p.98]"
Uncut,80,"Twenty-six years after their last album, 58-year-old Rowland and his roughly reassembled crew have made a record that manages to combine fresh new stories with the heart and nervous energy of classic Dexys."
Q Magazine,80,"The confessional, autobiographical elements that are its strongest aspect also serve as its Achilles' heel: the whole enterprise depends on how fascinated the listener is with Rowland's psyche."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"One Day finds Rowland weary, woozy and nakedly accepting of loneliness and age; a true soul man."
The Independent (UK),80,"One Day I'm Going To Soar still feels like a triumph, in spite of its transparent flaws."
The Fly (UK),80,"To call it a concept album underestimates its high-camp, red-velvet theatricality."
musicOMH.com,70,"Non-converts will probably find it all a little too overtly stylized, but there's no questioning the singer's focus and dedication, and it's a worthy addition to the Rowland legend. [No. 104, p.54]"
The Guardian,70,"An accomplished piece of work, which, like life, has its blemishes and its triumphs."
Magnet,70,"It all suggests a promising future for the reinvigorated band."
Consequence of Sound,67,"The fans who'll get the most from it emotionally will be those who are already invested in its singer and his honesty."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"One Day I'm Going to Soar hardly justifies the almost-three-decade wait, but it's as marvelously idiosyncratic as any longtime fan could hope to expect."
Pitchfork,60,"Only Rowland's female foil, Madeleine Hyland, overacts."
AllMusic,40,"The sensitive sections are fine but tritely Musak at times. The power-soul sections feel a bit, sorry but, Jools Holland-y. There's nothing concrete that you can pinpoint that makes it feel false or weak per se."

The Observer (UK),100,"It is not reinventing the pop wheel but everything is done with an appealing combination of taste and passion."
Drowned In Sound,91,"The soul chanteuse unspools 11 gorgeous tracks. [1/8 Jun 2012, p.117]"
The Telegraph (UK),80,"[An] impressive debut album."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"This is a mature and polished debut, and if you thought Adele was a decent vocalist, you should listen to this girl."
BBC Music,80,"Heaven is a tantalising glimpse at just how brilliantly amazing Rebecca can be when she wants to be."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Ferguson is no innovator, but her voice makes the world a slightly nicer place."
musicOMH.com,80,"An album, that restores to R&B some of the adult concerns that powered the genre through its '70s golden era."
The Guardian,80,"Tugging profoundly on bittersweet 60s soul and Motown, Heaven is a fine album."
The Independent (UK),80,"2011's Heaven is a stylish, expertly produced contemporary R&B and pop album that showcases Ferguson's emotive, soulful voice."
The Observer (UK),60,"Ferguson's smoky tones recall the young Aretha Franklin at her more restrained, [but] it's all ever so slightly boring."

AllMusic,91,"These 13-songs-in-35-minutes, cut half in 2008 when he was drunk and half in 2010 when he was sober, are shockingly strong for the first eight or nine, which unfortunately include all the drunk ones."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"The singer's greasy, street pimp-talking vocal style is sometimes at odds with The Sadies' cleaned-up garage vibe, but if you can reconcile a 70-year old drug addict growling: 'I like my rum, cos I got no teeth, I let it flow over my gums'... with fiddle-led folk rock and surf guitar, then Night & Day will push all your buttons and then some. [Aug 2012, p.111]"
Expert Witness (MSN Music),80,"The album is at its rawest and most dynamic on such garage tracks as I Gotta Get Shorty Out Of Jail and One-Eyed Jack. [Aug 2012, p.90]"
Q Magazine,80,"It's the gravitational pull of Williams' great jowly voice that remains the defining feature of an often vitriolic set of songs that veer between snake-hipped R'n'B and blasted soul'n'roll."
Mojo,80,"Both sides are endearing in their own way, and both show off a musical legend with plenty left to say."
Uncut,70,"Williams's gruff narratives are backed by one heck of a band. The Sadies, masterful songwriters in their own right, offer sizzling support. Their manic-rodeo sound and energy doesn't just serve as a backdrop, though. They seem at times to push Williams even further."
NOW Magazine,70,"[Williams] remains agile, mobile and hostile as the Sadies choogle, twang and vamp behind him."
PopMatters,70,"Night and Day [is] another true testament by one of America's last genuine musical anti-heroes."
Blurt Magazine,60,"Andre Williams is a renegade R'n B spirit who remains, in his seventies, as scurrilous as ever."
Exclaim,60,"Though it never feels disjointed, it never feels fully realized, either. In the end, it's hard to tell exactly what the album is aiming for, but taken as another rowdy set of tunes from a living legend, Night & Day delivers from both sides of whichever dichotomy it's grappling with at any given moment."
The Independent (UK),60,"This 30 minute set [provides] a crazed, occasionally unhinged yet always riveting experience."
AllMusic,50,"Despite such guests as Jon Spencer and John Langford--and The Sadies themselves-you just want this to be better. [Jun 2012, p.151]"

American Songwriter,80,"Once again breathing new life into an old form, The Sugarman Three are back to show us all How It's Supposed To Be Done."
Under The Radar,80,"A standout. What the World Needs Now welcomes back a sorely missed S3 with all the rowdy joy intact. Nobody plays it like this."
Blurt Magazine,80,"What the World Needs Now welcomes back a sorely missed S3 with all the rowdy joy intact. Nobody plays it like this."
AllMusic,80,"With each additional listen, this album opens itself up to being more than just an instrumental soul album, but one layered in blues and gospel, sunshine pop and the rhythmic groove of soul jazz."
AllMusic,80,"Soulful. Just fine. Tight. Smooth. You know, what you'd expect from these soul-soaked funksters."
Consequence of Sound,70,"It all depends where you stand on the group's painstakingly retro, sax- and organ-fuelled sound. If you love it and go the distance, these grooves are simply mesmeric."

PopMatters,80,"This is a just a great sounding record. In truth; just great, period."
BBC Music,80,"It's accompanied with a swing and a fingerclick all Waterhouse's own and could turn out to be the soul album of 2012. [Jun 2012, p.88]"
Blurt Magazine,80,"Waterhouse's own voice is slightly under-recorded, but the musical settings--the understated Telecaster twang, the honking horns, the rumbling tom-toms--always churn with the right degree of roadhouse charm."
Mojo,78,"Time's All Gone takes you back in the day and pulls you into the moment all at once."
The Independent (UK),75,"Waterhouse's pleasingly wrecked guitar playing is matched by singing that teeters out of control every so often, like he's trying to tamp down a wild animal in his throat."
Filter,60,"Time's All Gone is single-minded, but this is often good for a debut--better for a young artist to do one thing well then several things in mediocre fashion."
Chicago Tribune,60,"Nick Waterhouse's debut album gives listeners a more rocking, lo-fi alternative in the growing marketplace of slick retro R&B revivalism. [Jun 2012, p.158]"
PopMatters,60,"Waterhouse's big lunged holler is efficiently exciting, but his debut album isn't so much -- 12 songs, but 12 variants on the same song. [Jul 2012, p.85]"
Under The Radar,60,"The latest retro sensation, Waterhouse is a 25-year-old from San Francisco ... who's trying to sound like Ike Turner circa 1958. And he's pretty good at it."
Uncut,50,"Unremarkable and uninspired."

The Independent on Sunday (UK),100,"There's plenty here for country fans of pretty much any ilk."
musicOMH.com,91,"It's still gratifying to see how many A-list Nashville stars lined up for guest spots on Tuskegee--Blake! Tim! Shania! Willie!--and to hear how naturally the Alabama native countrifies R&B classics like 'Endless Love' and the Jennifer Nettles-assisted 'Hello.'"
Country Weekly,80,"A sleek, sure-footed new country duets album by Lionel Richie."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"He's a pop artist of substance, and as such brings a touch of class and sufficient flavour of another genre to the mainstream to make music that's interesting and lasting."
The New York Times,70,"Richie and his guests are having such a good time and the songs themselves are so irresistible it's easy (like a Sunday morning) to get caught up in the spirit."
BBC Music,60,"These collaborations jell because Richie's style is so expansive, musically and emotionally."
Boston Globe,60,"It's not as glossy as the '80s, there are fewer keyboards and more guitars-the sensibility remains the same, so Tuskegee generates a bit of dj vu: the surroundings are new, yet everything feels familiar."
Rolling Stone,50,"Acoustic guitars replace glistening synths, bittersweet steel guitars slide in to provide the patina of rural rootsiness, yet Richie still never really steps away from the polished sheen that characterized his musical heyday."

AllMusic,83,"Fun as it is to hear her do 'Creep,' 'Teenagers,' and 'Smoke Two Joints,' this is a bigger mess than it had to be."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Fortunately, all of it's enlivened by Gray's ability to (mostly) deliver strong performances that don't sound like they've been labored over."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),70,"A Hal Wilner-produced collection that is witty and engaging and confirms her as one of the most singular, if erratic, R&B divas of our time. [Aug 2012, p.71]"
AllMusic,60,"Covered had the makings of something great, but ends up sounding far more uneven than it should have."
Uncut,40,"Overall: must try harder. Or appear to."

musicOMH.com,90,"Fields sounds commandingly assured with songs that ache and bristle with lush convictions."
The Independent (UK),90,"He proves every time he's on stage and across this wonderful LP...he's got it."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"[The] excellent Faithful Man is a product of the dream team of producers, arrangers, songwriters and players (the house band called the Expressions) at Brooklyn's Truth & Soul Records, whose history parallels Brooklyn's better-known Daptone."
Okayplayer,80,"Tracks like I Still Got It reaffirms that this dude, even at 61, is 'cool and dangerous'  and back, back, back."
Blurt Magazine,80,"What's not in doubt is how faithfully he's stuck to the core deep-soul verities, with a delivery that vaults from spoken sermonising to raw, impassioned hurt in an instant."
BBC Music,80,"It's a classic soul album, its strength lying in Fields' gift for storytelling and his extraordinary delivery. [Apr 2012, p. 86]"
The Independent (UK),80,"Field's tough but tender holler, adventurous arrangements and razor-sharp rhythms combine to ensure these breezy tributes to Motown, classic rock, and psychedelic soul always hit the right note. [April 2012, p.94]"
Mojo,70,"As strong as this set is, it still faces the originality conundrum. Rather than a group of songs individually composed and packaged under the banner of a soul album, Faithful Man can occasionally feel like one extended, vaguely monochromatic exercise in proving the vitality of a brilliant yet aging art form."
Q Magazine,70,"If there's anything that keeps Faithful Man from equaling My World, aside from the occasional orchestral overkill, it's that the songwriting overall isn't quite as strong."
Dusted Magazine,70,"This new album feels like a lost gem recently unearthed."
Pitchfork,67,"Fields never gained the notoriety of Sharon Jones or Charles Bradley. That could change with Faithful Man, a set of slow burning ballads in lush string-laden arrangements."
PopMatters,60,"Great, if a little pointless. [Apr 2012, p.77]"

Austin Chronicle,100,"The sound is as swoon-inducing as it is complex. A brilliant debut full-length."
Uncut,73,"While Ice Level's an awful lot to process, it's the finest sort of overload; listen closely enough, and you can almost hear your circuits being rewired."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"When the record keeps from overcomplicating things, it's a pretty unique trip."
Pitchfork,50,"The sheer density of the tunes becomes an issue right away."
Consequence of Sound,50,"Founder Carlos Hernandez has a tendency to mask his arrangements in more noise than they need, dynamics buried in the resulting fracas."

AllMusic,70,"Andre Williams, ladies and gentlemen: one of the last living links to the heyday of dirty R&B, super-soul and first generation booty funk. And certainly one of the few left who still brings it like he means it, every time."
Austin Chronicle,60,"The results sound predictably off-the-cuff, and several tracks like 'Jaw Dropper' and 'I've Got Money On My Mind' sound like little more than microphone level checks. But when Williams decides to say something meaningful, as on 'Dirt,' 'A Good Day To Feel Bad' and the title track, his sage-like delivery is as devastating as ever."
Blurt Magazine,60,"[Apr 2012, p.88]"
Exclaim,50,"Those who are inclined to grumble that 'they don't make 'em like they used to' will be relieved to discover that Mr. Williams still does."

Mojo,90,"There is a bounty of rare material, none of which should ever be inaccessible again."
PopMatters,85,"Every utterance on the album is packed full of meaning. Listeners will surely be left gleaning new insights from this collection after every rotation."
AllMusic,80,"It's packed with diverse performances. [Mar 2012, p.104]"
Okayplayer,80,"Listen, Whitey! is quite simply ace. [Feb 2012]"
Uncut,80,"Mostly as enjoyable as it is edifying from start to finish, the program repeatedly underscores that without artistry of expression, associative anger and the demonizing of one's enemy, however righteous, rarely lead to lasting empowerment for a person or a people."
Mojo,80,"by focusing on the range of music inspired by this movement, Listen, Whitey! allows so much of the confusion, outrage, anger, emotion, humor, and even optimism of this music to resonate anew."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Listen, Whitey is as much about how voices resonate--about the power of the right words, about how the most powerful weapon in a revolution may be a microphone or recording equipment--as it is about what they say."
Pitchfork,80,"There's power in these grooves, but there's a message too, and it spells a better day for everyone."
PopMatters,60,"The results can be more interesting than listenable  and the musical contents do seem wilfully random."
Blurt Magazine,60,"Listen, Whitey! seethes with righteous anger and revolutionary determination."

The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"Mitch Ryder here astutely merges heartbreaking social realism with accomplished, funky Motown/James Brown grooves. [Mar 2012, p.97]"
The Independent (UK),80,"Ultimately The Promise doesn't point toward the future, but it does deliver fulfillment abundantly, from the place things really are, showcasing a confident, relevant, singer and songwriter."
Uncut,77,"It's not a masterpiece or a groundbreaking new direction musically, just an hour of mostly solid rock 'n' roll."
AllMusic,70,"With a sympathetic producer in Don Was, who worked with Ryder in the 1990s with his own Motor City band Was (Not Was), Ryder is able to make a late-career statement that stands tall alongside anything he's ever done."
Paste Magazine,60,"While it's not in the vein of his riveting, pulsating classics, it's a tough, often lyrically reflective rumination set to no nonsense, simmering, often swampy blues inflected rockers with an undercurrent of taut funk."
Blurt Magazine,30,"It's hard to see how The Promise could achieve some sort of musical relevancy."

American Songwriter,80,"The undoubted highlight is a completely reconstructed version of Ring of Fire that's guaranteed to stay in your heart forever. [May 2012, p.82]"
PopMatters,80,"A woman who's hovered on the brink of the purist Bonnie Raitt/Tracy Chapman range truly comes into her own here."
Mojo,80,"The results make the listener want to jump in the aisles and shout with joy."
Paste Magazine,70,"She's taken a more reflective direction that emphasizes tenderness over tenacity and subtlety above sizzle."
PopMatters,70,"The church is never far from Foster's vocals, and even though the predominant sound here is a blues shot through with organ and echoing slide guitar, she seems closer to gospel than ever."
Blurt Magazine,70,"Whichever era Foster picks and chooses from, Let It Burn always feels utterly timeless."
Boston Globe,70,"[A] stirring, often spellbinding mix of gospel, R&B, folk and rock."
AllMusic,67,"It's an organ-ribbed massage of Stax man William Bell's 'You Don't Miss Your Water,' forever at the heart of the Byrds' gospel-kissed country rock classic Sweetheart of the Rodeo, that really connects."

American Songwriter,80,"They never supersede the originals, but hardly suffer in comparison."
Austin Chronicle,80,"His voice and interpretive skills are such, though, that most tracks fit him like a glove."
Billboard.com,70,"There's nothing bad to be said for Soul 2, and with Horn on production everything shines brightly like the first snowflakes of a new winter."
The Guardian,60,"It's certainly pleasant either as nostalgia or as high-end lifestyle music."
BBC Music,60,"while Seal's voice is a natural fit, it's hard to discern what these versions add, given their general faithfulness to the originals."


AllMusic,60,"Colon certainly sounds more comfortable here than he did on his first two albums."
The Independent (UK),60,"The music is pro forma radio pop; the lyrics lean towards insipid inspiration."
AllMusic,50,"The album stays kindly, polished and simpering all the way through, with only one surprise."
Rolling Stone,50,"The former major-label casualty barely makes a dent in snoozy soft-rock tunes co-written by Kris Allen (''Raise Your Hand'') and James Blunt"

The New York Times,91,"The physical and even mental diminution enriches the music."
Entertainment Weekly,83,"Snarling through covers as far-flung as 'Welcome to the Jungle' and Little Big Town's 'Boondocks,' James brings some welcome grit to the retirement-album game."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),80,"A supremely sassy swansong. [Jan 2012, p.90]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"The production might be slick, but James relaxes into this framework, providing the necessary lived-in looseness."
Uncut,80,"As a swansong, it's as fine as might be expected given the circumstances."
BBC Music,80,"James's voice is slightly diminished but not so as to sound like anything other than itself. She's the real deal."
The Independent (UK),75,"We get a career-twilight portrait of James and her darker-than-ever voice in a set of moody, bluesy and slow-jam groove numbers."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"On The Dreamer, James includes some unlikely song choices, and most of them work."
Los Angeles Times,70,"The Dreamer is a fitting--if not perfect--bookend to one of American popular music's most iconic lives."
American Songwriter,60,"James' final studio album is a sturdy effort that belies the catalog of increasingly serious health issues that have dogged her. [Feb 2012, p.102]"
AllMusic,60,"The Dreamer is occasionally powerful and moving as James ranges across memorable songs including Otis Redding's Champagne & Wine."

Mojo,100,"Soul Time! is a near-perfect expression of retro-soul style that grips from its opening bars."
The Telegraph (UK),90,"The exceptional musicianship and impeccable vocals may not be to everyone's taste, but for 40 very happy minutes, you can revel in SJDK's very discrete world."
The Independent (UK),80,"A whirl of young Tina Turner energy and powerful, expressive vintage soul vocals. [Dec. 2011 p. 98]"
BBC Music,80,"Despite being a collection of stuff tossed outside the medium of a proper album, Soul Time! is remarkably and thoroughly consistent, and anyone familiar with Jones will be left craving for even further remainders."
Mojo,80,"Soul Time! is another thrilling homage to the glory days of Motown and Stax. [Dec 2011, p.87]"
PopMatters,80,"It could be argued that Soul Time! itself is nothing new within the Dap-Kings catalogue, made up as it is of old tunes (Longer And Stronger, for instance, was written to celebrate Jones's 50th birthday in 2006), but these favourite oldies are collected here for the first time, and that's really something."
Uncut,80,"Even if the production job by Dap-Kings' frontman/bassist/chief songwriter Bosco Mann is too pristine, there is a crackle in the band's playing that, in the best songs, fans to a full-scale blaze."
musicOMH.com,60,"To hard-hitting  R&B and funk akin to God Foot-era James Brown, Jones can strip paint and soothe with equal aplomb. [Dec. 2011 p. 129]"

The Guardian,91,"What we're hearing here is the Temptations turning into the Delfonics--the way his midrange gives up the verse and his falsetto takes the chorus is as nice as his boyish sexism."
Q Magazine,88,"The production makes stellar use of his major-label money; the sound is refined and dynamic in a way that's wholly missing from pop radio."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),83,"L.A. retro soulster Hawthorne hasn't led a major-label deal smooth out its quirk. [Oct 2011, p.119]"
Los Angeles Times,80,"A polished and enjoyable pop-soul confection that transcends its myriad influences. [Jul 2012, p.83]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"He succeeds in creating a soul revival with a refreshing modern day twist done so right."
Mojo,80,"How Do You Do is Mayer Hawthorne's masterpiece to date."
HipHopDX,80,"It's a testament to Hawthorne's songwriting ability that this wall is easily scaled after one or two listens, and that the man sounds more natural and loose than on his debut might be this album's greatest asset, making the vulgar drops and other nods to the present feel less mannered than before."
PopMatters,80,"Mayer Hawthorne's sturdy sophomore effort boasts 'aw, shucks' love songs gift-wrapped in a silky Curtis Mayfield falsetto."
AllMusic,80,"Stones Throw rap fanboy morphs into credible crooner--now scans as natural evolution; his increasingly confident cries and grooves and songwriting aplomb are undeniably pro."
Filter,70,"His vocals are slightly generic yet the songs are solid and when he shifts into falsetto, you'll take a time trip back to the 60s heyday of this sumptuous and frisky R&B that moves from the dance floor to the bedroom."
Spin,70,"His major-label follow-up wisely keeps the retro aesthetic."
American Songwriter,70,"From its suave title to the very first words on it--'So here we are/ It's the end of the night/ Yeah, I had a good time, too/ You know, it doesn't have to end here'--Mayer Hawthorne's amusing new album comes across like a pickup line uttered at last call."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"It's a brief, delightful little thing, with a handful of knockout singles."
Boston Globe,70,"How Do You Do is another solid step in the right direction for Hawthorne, who shows that soul music is universal and devoid of colour, as we all can relate to difficulties and heartbreak."
Prefix Magazine,70,"How Do You Do is a great listen, but...there's just no getting around the fact that Mayer Hawthorne isn't an especially strong singer."
BBC Music,60,"How Do You Do actually has a bit more reach than just that classic period, but Hawthorne's strengths shine brightest when he channels the 40-year-old vinyl. [Oct 2011, p.99]"
DJ Booth,60,"Don't expect emotion for the ages, and you'll have fun with this."
Under The Radar,60,"On the whole, How Do You Do is a satisfying effort."
Rolling Stone,50,"Hawthorne just doesn't have the vocal chops to pull off an otherwise solid album."

Consequence of Sound,80,"Ultimately, comparing For True to Backatown is pointless: they are of a piece. While you may prefer one over the other, they are, in essence, two parts of a compelling and dynamic musical aesthetic that is firmly in and of the 21st century, as they look back at history and forward to create it."
Slant Magazine,80,"Shorty here offers an explosive blend of funk, blues and jazz."
AllMusic,75,"[He] delivers more flavored Creole soul and a host of guests, including Kid rock, Jeff Beck, and Lenny Kravitz. [23 Sep 2011, p.79]"
The Independent (UK),70,"Despite this motley bunch, the album's sound hasn't become a random genre gumbo."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Loud guitars are everywhere, bucked by riffing horns, and the general vibe is testosteronal and sleeveless. He is a rippingly good player."
BBC Music,60,"The 2011 album this most resembles is funk-rock guitarist Dennis Coffey's self-titled comeback album--a bunch of pretty good soul workouts with lots of guests, some filler, and just enough personality to get by."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),60,"None of those songs are as badass as the go-go-flavored 'Buckjump,' the surf-guitar-spiked title track or the two 'Lagniappe' digressions, instrumentals all. When the horns blow, it's all you need to know."
PopMatters,40,"High profile fans like Jeff Beck, Kid Rock and Warren Haynes help trombone shorty create what he calling 'supafunk rock,' a decidedly unsexy, sub-Chili Peppers amalgam with pointless horn riffs. [Nov 2011, p.98]"

Rolling Stone,80,"It's a warm, inviting blend, with Asa's husky, lightly swinging vocals its focal point. It's undeniably cosy listening."
Uncut,70,"It adds up to a record that's full of charm, but you wonder about its sticking power. Asa still feels like a tremendous talent who could stand to take more risks."
The Guardian,70,"So yes, it's imperfect, and it's frequently beautiful, much like the world itself, yeah? Do you see? Oh, too relaxed to care? Righto."
Boston Globe,60,"Like Sade, she doesn't possess a voice with great range, but she uses it well and smartly maximizes her talents with solid arrangements."
BBC Music,60,"Where her self-titled debut was intense and socially conscious, things are groovier now. [May 2011, p.107]"
PopMatters,60,"Comparisons are inevitable, but take nothing away from Asa's own character. [Apr 2011, p.75]"
Mojo,60,"The compartmentalization of its exotic elements confirms Beautiful Imperfection as a ploy launched at a specific target market, listeners who want to be gently and non-confrontationally challenged, able to enjoy Asa's spongy neo-soul with the stranger portions served on the side."
Uncut,40,"Beautiful Imperfection is never less than easy on the ear, but equally never more than that either. [Apr 2011, p.110]"

Slant Magazine,60,"The results are spunky, if unnecessary: Why bother with Sly and Jeff Beck's remake of '(I Want to Take You) Higher' when you can listen to the torrid original?"
Q Magazine,50,"There's promise in three new funk workouts toward the end; they suggest it's time for a whole new thing."
Rolling Stone,37,"Three new tracks (including a dreamy take on the gospel standard 'His Eye Is on the Sparrow') provide a glimmer of what Stone might accomplish if he ever rouses himself more fully."
Entertainment Weekly,25,"Contrary to its emphatic title, I'm Back! Family And Friends isn't so much a full-fledged comeback album as a mildly inspiring three-song EP surrounded by truly horrible re-recordings and remixes of Stone's biggest hits of the late '60s and early '70s."
Los Angeles Times,20,"As songs, these are not outright disasters -- they're not bad evocations of post-Riot funk -- but they're saddled with the same awful production that hobbles the re-creations, the same sticky, tacky, desperate replication of the past that only underscores just how long ago Sly's golden years were."

The A.V. Club,80,"On LP1, Stone mostly imbues her songs with passion and energy."
AllMusic,75,"Drive All Night, with its chilled-out jazz backbeat, is a standout among her sultry tales of love. [29 Jul 2011, p.72]"
Boston Globe,75,"In a world where machined dance fodder, rap-deckled pop and lumbering rawk dominates, a genuine article of soul music-especially one where the thick bass, tumbling Wurlitzer and bright guitars set the tone-is a joyous noise, indeed."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"LP1 doesn't always achieve a balance between the two extremes, not to the extent Stone and Stewart desires, as some of the ballads are a little formless and some of the funk a little too restricted, while some of Joss' posturing is a little affected, but it has more moments that work than anything she's done since her actual debut in 2003."
Paste Magazine,70,"Her voice is a loose cannon; LP1 figures out how to aim it."
AllMusic,60,"She's got soul all right. [Sept. 2011, p. 94]"
The New York Times,60,"There is an occasional excess of histrionics, particularly on 'Boat Yard,' but her teenage talent has found a convincing adult path. [Sep 2011, p.96]"
Mojo,60,"This feels more like a palette cleanser, a statement of intent that Stone has ditched the commercial gloss."
Uncut,60,"Stone is best when she's rawest, bookending LP1 with 'Newborn' and 'Take Good Care,' stripped-down tunes where her howl goes from plaintive to bone-shaking in a few lovesick heartbeats."
The Telegraph (UK),60,"Recorded over six days in Nashville with Dave Stewart, the debut release on Joss Stone's own label is, she claims, the first on which she has exerted total creative freedom."
Rolling Stone,60,"The writing is generic, the studio-craft impressive. Enjoyment will depend on how you get on with the voice and its hooting cannonade of mannerisms."
The Independent (UK),60,"Stone packs all the power you expect, but her control misfires enough for some of these tracks to never quite click as they might."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),50,"LP1 is an almost shockingly forgettable slab of forced adult-contemporary rock, destined for a Whole Foods aisle near you."
BBC Music,50,"The result, surprisingly, is Stone's most conventional record yet: handsome soul singing, sturdy blues-rock arrangements, lyrics about refusing to cry oneself to sleep."
The A.V. Club,50,"This a wholly acceptable effort, but it makes it clear that Stone is stalling out a mere decade into what looked at first like a promising career. It's time for her to throw the throwback shtick aside and really figure out what kind music she'd like to make."
Los Angeles Times,40,"Devon soul woman meets Dave Stewart, in Nashville. [Sept. 2011, p. 118]"
Slant Magazine,40,"Sadly, the final product is so familiar and so shorn of genuine emotion that LP1 quickly loses any sense of identity and becomes standard fare, indistinguishable from any number of other recordings."
Q Magazine,40,"While it's impossible to truly define what makes LP1 so frustrating, it's safe to say that through all the angry growls and snoozy pop melodies that color the album, believing is Joss Stone becomes increasingly difficult each time these songs are played."

The Guardian,91,"I agree, men are dogs. But it gets my radar in a lather when this loving, lovable woman structures her 2007 album along a break-up's narrative arc and then four years later the same thing happens twice-only the first guy leaves her with a boychild who, let's be candid, she loves more unreservedly than she has any grown man on record."
PopMatters,90,"Her dexterity in juxtaposing genres, infusing her swooping jazz-singing with near-gospel fervor, kittenish moans and shameless spoken exhortations is commanding."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),83,"Here, she returns to R&B like she never left: With its earnest introspection and earthy  textures - not to mention guest spots by Eve and Anthony Hamilton - The Light of the Sun has a distinctly early-aughties vibe, recalling an era when tempos were slower and voices less Auto-Tuney."
Paste Magazine,80,"There's nothing cerebral about her lyrics; she's a captivating, blunt performer, here emphasizing classic arrangements and raw emotion over poetic invention."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Sonically, the most adventurous thing here is the long, spaced-out Le Boom Vent Suite, but it's Scott's warm womanliness over the whole album that makes it a must-hear."
NOW Magazine,80,"As with her previous works, Scott makes music on her own terms and she isn't interested in hook/chorus factory-produced songwriting. Intermittently, Scott veers from the warm, intimate keyboard-based sound that has dominated much of her work. When she does, it's inspired."
The Guardian,80,"On The Light of the Sun, Scott  sounds more in control than ever; her spoken and sung phrasing (now a trademark), songwriting, and production instincts are all solid. This is 21st century Philly soul at its best."
Boston Globe,80,"The intimate and the instructive are never far apart for Ms. Scott; neither are lyrics and prose, melody and recitation."
AllMusic,70,"At times The Light of the Sun veers towards self-indulgence, and some of its ideas are not fully followed through. On the whole, however, it is a rather lovely, emotional album that provides a beguiling snapshot of the current life of Jill Scott."
The New York Times,70,"Scott has reasserted herself as a relevant voice in modern R&B, a voice imbued with the sort of sensuality and worldliness that arrives only with experience, and she proves she's just as willing to experiment as her younger competition."
BBC Music,60,"Exec producer JR Hutson's scratch beats and jazzy interpolations give a spark to velvet soul confessionals where he aching but pliant, octave-scaling vocal colours across the emotional spectrum. [Aug 2011, p.98]"
Slant Magazine,60,"At 14 tracks, The Light of the Sun would have fared better if cut by three or four numbers. But that's why god invented the skip button."
Uncut,60,"Scott assays life back on the market in her trademark warm and inviting, if rarely thrilling, neo-soul style."
Consequence of Sound,40,"Judging by The Light Of The Sun, she's expending precious little energy on songwriting and recording, allowing her natural inclination to extemporise far too free a rein."
Rolling Stone,40,"Lolloping along with little desire to vary pace or style, it is ultimately forgettable."

The Independent (UK),100,"Greatest protest album ever made? Most stirring soul-music symphony? Yes and yes. And then some."
Clash Music,100,"Gaye's music was on the move, but it never moved quite like What's Going On: still seraphic, still turbulent. [Aug 2011, p.95]"
Rolling Stone,100,"What's Going On was Marvin Gaye's masterwork, the most perfect expression of an artist's hope, anger, and concern ever recorded."
Uncut,100,"His symphonic-soul innovations here would map out the course of much 1970s soul music, while his use of multi-layered vocals  the happy result of an engineer accidentally running two vocal takes in the same mix  added an extra element to Gaye's vocal armoury which he would use extensively throughout the rest of his career."
AllMusic,100,"The most perfect suite of music recorded in my lifetime."
The Independent (UK),100,"In any form, What's Going On is an album that everyone should have in their collection; no matter how many times you play it, there is always something else to discover."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),100,"What's Going On is not only a remarkable album, but an opportunity to discover a seminal artist at the peak of his powers; an insight into a true modern genius of pop music."
BBC Music,95,"For die-hards, the most alluring part of the package may be the second compact disc, which features 18 mostly instrumental demos recorded in Gaye's post-What's Going On honeymoon period, when his vast artistic ambitions and abilities were being embraced by the greater public. These somewhat experimental demos--deep, in-the-pocket funk in the vein of Sly Stone, George Clinton, and Jimi Hendrix--clearly laid the groundwork for much of his subsequent 70s material."
No Ripcord,90,"An indelible quiet-storm jeremiad."
Pitchfork,80,"It still sounds fabulous and relevant too, though this Super Deluxe Edition with lots of superfluous add-ons and a super 50-plus price tag to match is surely for completists only. [Aug 2011, p.133]"

Spin,80,"Like Miles Davis or Jimi Hendrix, Jones' inner soul permeates through his instrument and his voice is unmistakable."
Q Magazine,80,"All told, The Road From Memphis is enough to make Jim Stewart, Estelle Axton, Duck Dunn, Rufus Thomas, Eddie Floyd, Johnnie Taylor, Isaac Hayes and any other member of the Stax family smile wherever they are."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Booker responds with young and evergreen playing, a typically euphonious mixture of economy, precision, warmth, color and melody on tight groovin' instrumentals. [Jun 2011, p.101]"
PopMatters,80,"Jones' story is compelling listening, but more than that, it's a backbone-slipping monster of a dance record."
Mojo,80,"Overall, this is a satisfying return to Booker T.'s classic instrumental soul and funk."
AllMusic,80,"Following 2009's hookup with Drive-By Truckers, Potato Hole, his latest record finds him backed by hip hop combo The Roots, who nudge the 66-year-old organist towards his funkiest excursion in years."
Boston Globe,75,"Most of The Road from Memphis sounds like the work of a band that's spent years together, rather than a leader and a backup band."
The Telegraph (UK),75,"Jones makes a quietly convincing case that when it comes to soul music, all roads do seem to lead to Memphis."
Paste Magazine,70,"The Road From Memphis hasn't got any of the surprise factor of Potato Hole; in fact, it's more like reacquainting yourself with an old friend. But it's a work of such high quality it doesn't really matter it's nothing new."
Los Angeles Times,60,"Throughout, the material is simultaneously current and nostalgic, recalling the optimism and discovery of the 60s and 70s, especially on Progress, sung by Jim James of My Morning Jacket."
BBC Music,60,"Hugely enjoyable. [May 2011, p.79]"
NOW Magazine,60,"Four vocal tracks serve to make the LP more than a masterclass in groove-ology. [Jun 2011, p.87]"
Under The Radar,60,"He's no fool: the result is an even more potent clutch of instrumentals, punctuated with the occasional vocal from Sharon Jones and some surprising male singers, including The National's Matt Berninger and Lou Reed."

Uncut,85,"This is perhaps the most danceable 'smart' record ever. Or, maybe this is the smartest dance record ever? ...Whatever it is, it works... beautifully."
The Independent (UK),80,"Volcanic Sunlight, despite its sharp contrast from Niggy Tardust, is an absolutely fitting follow-up; it's Williams once more wriggling out of preconceived notions by subverting them entirely."
Okayplayer,70,"Even though 'Volcanic Sunlight' sounds explosive and blinding, it turns out to be quite warm and inviting...It's a pleasant if at times uneven experience."
AllMusic,65,"Make no mistake; the album isn't a failure, it's just sacrificed a little too much to be a success."
RapReviews.com,60,"Volcanic Sunlight is a solid, finely-tuned album that reveals new turns and tricks with every listen."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),60,"When it's good, it's great; it's just a shame so many tracks fall short of his usually very high standards."

PopMatters,85,"The Defamation is one of those records that's just too easy to love; its best moments are simply undeniable."
No Ripcord,80,"If 2011 proves to be a year in which promising artists get their due respects, then The Defamation of Strickland Banks will provide Plan B with a breach for US success."
Okayplayer,80,"And whaddayaknow, this ugly duckling  out of a hoodie and into a tux  turns out to have a fine white soul voice and has followed a record you couldn't bear to hear more than once with a record you'll want to play over and over."
PopMatters,80,"Though it's distressing to hear yet another artist hop about the retro-stylized British soul-pop bandwagon, rapper-turned-singer Ben Drew nonetheless comes up with an impressive and fairly unique album that transcends the usual comparisons to Amy Winehouse vocally and Mark Ronson musically."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"The rapping hasn't been completely abandoned, but the emphasis here is on his sweet soul voice and a thumping Motown groove, an intriguing change of direction that's both passionate and populist."
AllMusic,80,"The melodramatic tunes masterfully push up against the antihero's downward narrative spiral, making Defamation the rare contemporary album that insists on being heard in full, in sequence, until the story ends."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"A genuine great leap forward, Defamation is a cracker."
Spin,80,"The Defamation Of Strickland Banks is an unlikely, remarkably successful stab at launching the first major new male star of the decade."
BBC Music,80,"On these songs and the anthemic 'Hard Times,' Drew achieves what's he's aiming for: a gritty urban update on '70s socio-political classics by Curtis Mayfield and Marvin Gaye. [May 201, p.119]"
Dot Music,78,"The Defamation of Strickland Banks is most certainly a success."
Q Magazine,70,"Even if there are occasional flirtations with bland daytime soul sludge, Mr. Strickland Banks is a welcome addition to Ben Drew's beguiling set of alter-egos."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),60,"An interesting diversion, but not much more."
Clash Music,60,"There are some interesting topics explored, such as Darkest Place's prayer to a God that he now longer believes in, but compared to Plan B's gritty early raps about teenage life, it pales somewhat in comparison."
The Independent (UK),60,"Not a bad record then, but one that's debased by the disappointment of one of the UK's bright hip-hop hopes selling soul rather than surprises."
musicOMH.com,60,"Despite its uncommercial subject matter, it's got Plan B into the charts: the preponderance of good tunes suggests it might well repeat the trick. But it fails in its loftier intent: to provide a 'film for the blind.'"
New Musical Express (NME),50,"You're advised to ignore the ridiculous plot particulars and concentrate on the album's modest pleasures: chiefly, Plan B's lovely, Smokey Robinson-style tenor and deft melodic touch."

The Guardian,83,"Hold On Tight's horn-spiked blues-rock is outfitted with more raucous textures than its balladic predecessor, yet De Dijk manage to smooth out Burke's craggy, weathered croak. King Solomon, R.I.P."
Rolling Stone,80,"It's a stronger and more satisfying piece of work than most of his other post-millennial albums, and it's the closest thing he managed to a truly effective rock & roll collaboration; it's an impressive finale to a genuinely remarkable career."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"For his part, Burke invests the songs with a force and passion that remains unabated. What a marvelous note for the King of Rock and Soul to leave us on."
AllMusic,60,"Some of the lyrics, translated from the Dutch, are a touch clunky, but all in all a lively set and not, I suspect, Bishop Burke's final memorial. [Feb 2011, p.100]"
Boston Globe,60,"It's actually a more interesting artifact than the Mitchell one. Having said that, it is also hobbled by a paucity of good songs and a slightly splashy production. Solomon rides the turbulence like a whale."
Mojo,60,"Burke's presence remains as commanding as ever even when the material sags."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),50,"Pitched decidedly near the middle of the road, Burke's final album is a generally pleasing endeavor that might have benefited from a little more effort."

The Independent (UK),100,"Scandalous, though a natural progression, takes some surprising turns that attest to a tightened-up band still figuring out just how much dy-no-mite they're capable of exploding."
Slant Magazine,83,"This is a party record, wholly unconcerned with painstakingly recreating the past ( la Sharon Jones & The Dap-Kings) or pushing the genre into the future ( la Cee Lo or Janelle Monae)."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Scandalous is the soundtrack to your next party. In fact, after giving it a spin or two, you might just throw a party in its honor. Black Joe Lewis and the Honeybears, no doubt, would approve."
The A.V. Club,80,"More of the same from Black Joe Lewis  and this is a good thing."
PopMatters,80,"A lot of bands pepper blues and soul influences into their work, but Joe Lewis is genuinely capturing the spirit of those styles and making them relevant to modern audiences. No easy feat, and it's damn fun hearing him do it"
BBC Music,80,"In a word, Scandalous most certainly is; it's a party record that bleeds Saturday night into Sunday morning and beyond."
Filter,79,"Scandalous isn't a throwback, it's a throw forward."
AllMusic,70,"The thoroughly engaging Scandalous certainly satisfying one's hunger for some stick-to-your-ribs rock 'n' soul music. The band, however, seems approaching a crossroads. They definitely demonstrate their skills at successfully reviving these retro sounds but they are still striving to find their own special voice."
Paste Magazine,70,"Though indebted to the brassy blasts and pleading yelps of James Brown, as well as the riffs of the MC5 and Stooges, Lewis and Co. avoid sounding either self-consciously retro or awkwardly modern on Scandalous."
American Songwriter,67,"Scandalous doesn't venture far from its home turf, but that's because Black Joe Lewis & the Honeybears' brand of Southern soul is a breath of nightclub air just how you need it."

Spin,100,"21 is simply stunning. After only a handful of plays, it feels like you've always known it."
Austin Chronicle,100,"Atkins makes the material sound genuine, largely because it is perfect for her. Where previously her slight, observational songs seemed barely able to carry her powerful voice, the emotional and musical heft of these styles enables her to really spread her vocal wings."
BBC Music,91,"The songs hold to simple instrumentation and simple structures that allow Adele's raspy, expressive voice to develop the story in the verses before she delivers the hook."
The Telegraph (UK),91,"At times, Adele's precocious talent feels prematurely aged by her material, and moments of levity are hard to find. But at its best, 21 is that rarest pop commodity: timeless."
The A.V. Club,90,"There's not a slacker in the bunch on 21, which is hard enough for many an artist to pull off at 31  or even 51  much less at an age when they're still too young to rent a car on their own"
Entertainment Weekly,90,"Adele is sincere, poignant and affecting throughout; the emotive 'Someone Like You' closes the album magnificently."
Okayplayer,90,"If Adele's debut '19' marked her out as a young chanteuse with a booming voice, her follow-up '21' has shown a maturity in her songwriting that makes her the de facto authority when it comes to soundtracks to broken hearts."
Clash Music,90,"21 really is one of the great 'break-up' albums, and the first truly impressive record of 2011. Here is a timely reminder that British soul hasn't lost its mojo."
Dot Music,80,"Hearing a voice that grows scratchy and threatens to break and has not been tampered with, has not been slicked over in a studio, a voice that reveals all that can be found within a person and also seems to hold something back, to suggest another truth just behind the veil."
musicOMH.com,80,"Here's hoping that if Adele ever finds true love, she doesn't lose her ability to so convincingly channel heartbreak."
Sputnikmusic,80,"On 21, she sounds refreshed and poised to attack."
Under The Radar,80,"There's a slightly scattershot quality to 21 that suggests that Adele is not quite the mistress of her own destiny. Greatness is tantalizingly within reach, though; perhaps she just needs to grab the wheel, and quickly. [Feb 2011, p.106]"
Paste Magazine,80,"21 is just a logical, major label extension of her girl-ish, diary-dream optimism."
Q Magazine,80,"21 probably isn't the best album Adele has in her, but it just might make her famous enough to finally be a pain in the ass."
Urb,80,"Mostly, though, 21 sounds as though it was built around Adele's presence."
Village Voice,80,"If you're looking for a record that'll make you wanna trash your beloved's belongings and have make-up sex amid the ruins, 21's your jam."
Boston Globe,80,"Adele and her team have crafted an album that's both full of songs that have the potential to reach the upper reaches of the charts, and also a collection of songs that hang together as an album."
Spin,80,"A progressive, grown-up second collection, it ought to ensure Adele is around for 23, 25, 27 and beyond."
No Ripcord,75,"It's best to focus on the sheer sonic splendor of Adele's voice set against some dramatic arrangements, especially the rumbling regret of Rolling in the Deep and the piano-based melancholy of Turning Tables."
The Guardian,75,"Overall, 21 shows that Adele, now 22, is towering in the same landscape where some of her contemporaries, beehived or not, have lost all their bearings."
Chicago Tribune,70,"On her sophomore album, 21, Adele channels real emotion and blasts through sincere ballads and angry rockers with few missteps."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Her sound is undeniably more mature than what you would typically expect from a 21-year-old, but tracks like 'Don't You Remember' make you wonder if the overall vibe is more mature than it should be."
Consequence of Sound,70,"Sometimes the additional flourish comes from Adele herself, who is a forceful enough singer, so confident with her agony, that she can bend words into new shapes without losing their meaning."
Filter,70,"The best thing the album does is to showcase Adele's titanic vocal ability, which -- more than a few times on 21 -- is simply spine-tingling."
The New York Times,70,"The woman is mutable, sometimes to a fault: Her cover of the Cure's 'Lovesong' is a nice idea lost in bossa nova fluff. But when the grooves are fierce, Adele gives as good as she gets."
AllMusic,70,"For all of her posturing and ruminations on life, love and other such considerations, you may well ask yourself whether she is merely playing a part and recycling old themes or if she has the experience she so eloquently sings about."
Rolling Stone,60,"The Brit School girl undergoes a successful soul-pop makeover. [Feb. 2011, p. 108]"
Sputnikmusic,60,"Adele's husky, powerful voice is what keeps you listening, but here's hoping she experiences something besides betrayal before writing her next record."
Mojo,60,"For most of 21, she's cast as a fortress of old-school soul besieged by lifeless jingles, a force of nature restrained by multiplatinum fetters."
NOW Magazine,60,"The Auto-Tune and teenage love stuff don't entirely ruin a surprisingly weighty return."
Slant Magazine,60,"There's no 'Chasing Pavements'-style killer, but she has murdered the Cure's 'Lovesong' using Heart FM-friendly jazz-lite as her weapon."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"If 21 feels, on the whole, like an object lesson in how to indulge in easily avoided mistakes, the most trenchant criticism of the album comes not from anything that will end up being written about it, but rather from its final song."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),40,"Adele is repeatedly cast as the heartbroken survivor. That role serves to foreground her mighty impressive vocals, but also encourage the showboating overkill that is a staple of the X Factor generation. [Feb 2011, p.79]"
PopMatters,40,"Things begin well enough with the single 'Rolling in the Deep', with its thumping piano quadruplets and gospelly backing vocals, and continues reasonably with the galumphing Tom Waits-style arrangement of 'Rumour Has It'; until, two-thirds of the way through the song, it grinds to a halt for a slower, torchy middle eight."

Uncut,85,"It's in that strange tug and pull from which struggle springs passion and beauty that these men seemed to effortlessly thrive. And it is there with both a genuine, relatable sadness and an unwavering resolve so rooted in the broken concrete Bradley walks upon, that No Time For Dreaming also comfortably sits."
The Independent (UK),84,"No Time For Dreaming not only prevails as a defining culmination of Bradley's lifelong musicianship to date, but also furthers the argument that Daptone Records can do no wrong."
Prefix Magazine,80,"You don't need to know his back story to fall in love with Bradley--the music speaks for itself. This album has been a looooong time coming, but it's more than worth the wait."
Paste Magazine,80,"The 62-year-old Bradley, meanwhile, has all the marks of the soul greats who have gone before him; the testifying smart Syl Johnson, the grit and gusto of Otis Redding, the raw power of James Brown, the smoulder and shudder of James Carr. Together they make an intoxicating sound, one that would have fit in perfectly at Twilight in the late-'60s."
PopMatters,80,"No Time For Dreaming has the gritty feel of the real thing, a man who's known mostly hard times and tells it with a pleading throaty roar and blood-curdling scream worthy of James Brown. A real find. [Mar 2011, p.117]"
Mojo,80,"No Time for Dreaming wails in a world of 'Heartaches and Pain' (see the memorable closing track), but Bradley's despair is never less than stirring."
Q Magazine,80,"Retro-soul aficionados who claim they don't make 'em like they used to will obviously be thrilled with this, but even contemporary R&B fans can't help but be moved by the emotion and passion evident in every note of this riveting set."
Spin,80,"No Time for Dreaming is a searing testament to the power of perseverance."
AllMusic,80,"Rounding out Bradley's raw emotion is his bombastic backing band: Daptone's funky Menahan Street Band. But however many names are dropped, Bradley's innate showmanship and voice--a mournful alto bellow--are all his own."
Boston Globe,80,"While it took a little while for the magic to finally get laid down to tape, the results are worth the wait."
CMJ,74,"Fans of old school R&B (or really, any of Daptone's artists) would do well to give him a fair shake. It also goes without saying that everything on No Time for Dreaming will sound better live. Bring your megaphones; here's a guy impossible not to root for."
NOW Magazine,60,"This, assembled by Menahan Street Band guitarist Tom Brenneck, painstakingly recreates the tropes of classic '60s Southern soul--impassioned vocals, shimmering guitars and fruity horns. [Mar 2010, p.85]"
cokemachineglow,60,"Bradley, a 62-year-old ex-plumber and James Brown impersonator, has a raspy, infinitely pained voice but there doesn't appear to be any real interaction between him and the band."
Uncut,60,"The Menham Street Band realizes the vision of No Time For Dreaming, with Brenneck at the helm. More Memphis than Detroit, they're always present but never pretentious."

The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"While artists such as Dam-Funk, Onra and Krystal Klear resurrect this sound some 20 odd years later, Back To Reality establishes that Tony Cook was, and still is, the real thing."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Compiled by Stones Throw's Peanut Butter Wolf, this set features singles, club mixes, and unreleased tracks, including the George Clinton-esque electro of 'On the Floor,' plus mid-'80s synth-dance tracks that recall Prince and DeBarge."
CMJ,70,"Back to Reality's themes are pretty simple: having fun, getting laid and falling in love, all on the dance floor. It has just the right mix of crassness and manners, in a proportion that seems more than a bit quaint by today's standards."
Spin,60,"At 10 songs and nearly an hour long the 'Back to Reality' album packs a lot of bang for the buck, and if you're in the mood to go retro this is the perfect album to fire up when you put on your Michael Jackson glove, fire up the Coleco, play Donkey Kong 'til your hands get sore then go party at Studio 54."

Dusted Magazine,80,"Even without many fast songs, it's a well-paced album."
RapReviews.com,80,"Telling The Truth is an hour of purely enjoyable songs that could have been, and are luckily not, lost gems."
AllMusic,78,"Telling the Truth has its moments of deeply felt poignancy, but its real value lies in its highly creative and endlessly listenable assimilation of soul, pop, rock, and folk signifiers."
CMJ,70,"Wright is neither as commanding a singer nor anywhere near as indelible a lyricist as the singular Withers, to be sure, but this only further serves to highlight the appeal of Telling The Truth, namely how seamlessly it exists as part of its era rather than in any way defining it."
Pitchfork,70,"Warm, soulful, occasionally political, Wright was a private-press gem who deserved more."

PopMatters,85,"While not explicitly a concept or homage album, Endlessly captures a retro American sound reminiscent of sock hops and drive-ins so subtly, that the album could have been called Effortlessly."
Spin,80,"Cool and clever without being contrived, this is sharp, commercially astute pop music that ebbs and flows to the rhythm of a very human pulse. [Jan 2011, p.84]"
Okayplayer,75,"This time on Endlessly, she smartly taps a producer who wrote hits during that era: Albert Hammond accentuates her smoky, blues-tinged voice and classic Stax style while also bringing out her inner pop star."
Uncut,75,"Despite these high points, though, Endlessly has some problems. Duffy has said she wrote the songs in a mere three weeks, and it shows."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Ultimately, it's the vocals that carry Endlessly. There's no whitewashing of the singer's eccentricities, which feel more pronounced here--she can be gruffly nasal (the oft-repeated chorus of 'Well, Well, Well' never stops sounding like 'whale, whale, whale') while remaining wholly beguiling."
Los Angeles Times,68,"Duffy has a uniquely girlish voice, like Joey Lauren Adams doing an impression of a Bond Girl, and her quirks get the best of her during the album's slower moments, where her vibrato sounds forced and faded. When the tempo picks up, though, Endlessly sounds like a proper sophomore effort: mature, confident, and wider in scope than its predecessor."
Spin,60,"Artistically, it struggles to cross the velvet rope and push on into greatness. [Jan 2011, p.134]"
Paste Magazine,60,"The rest is a lacklustre recast of her debut that displays about as much personality as Duffy's sweetly banal interviews, all of which suggests her production team are a weakened bunch. Like we said, a remarkable return."
Q Magazine,60,"It's rigorously written, but Duffy sounds uncertain, spotlighting the particulars of her voice: the many crannies, the narrow backbone, the decay at the edges, the tentativeness she feels when it's unclear just how much room she has to maneuver."
Dot Music,60,"From the beginning of her career, Duffy's voice alone was clearly not her most potent weapon. Here, she oddly attempts to build an album out of it, not succeeding with anything close to the power and elegance of Rockferry."
The New York Times,60,"Endlessly is like many successors to huge-selling albums: the attempts to break with the artist's trademark sound are tentative, and the result is a record that hedges its bets to only limited success."
AllMusic,60,"Endlessly is unlikely to repeat Rockferry's wildfire success--what could?--lacking as it does instantaneous radio killers. But Duffy's success has always been dependent on both her beautiful voice and her producers' ability to tap into boomer tastes with snippets of 60s pop and nods that drift from Lulu (in Well, Well, Well) to the more modern likes of Madonna."
musicOMH.com,50,"Though not without its charms, Endlessly is too slight and uneven to impress unconditionally."
The Guardian,50,"Endlessly both reverts to old tricks quickly and constantly strains to update Duffy's appeal, and it's an awkward mix. Her material is frustratingly hit-or-miss either way."
BBC Music,50,"That cat-in-a-swing-coat yowl will still be a divider for many, but it's a snag of human individuality in a smooth, if mixed pack."
Boston Globe,50,"Her ballads and neo-disco songs are steeped in lovelorn melodrama, but her bland persona doesn't give the storms life. You're left with saggy stylistic gestures that seem to drag on, endlessly."
New Musical Express (NME),42,"Duffy is clearly striving for growth with Endlessly, but outside her comfort zone, she comes up short."
Rolling Stone,40,"It's when Duffy and co stop trying so hard that the album fairs best. [Jan. 2011, p. 100]"
The A.V. Club,40,"Lyrics are heavy-handed (especially on the Papa Don't Preach rip-off Keeping My Baby), melodies are forgettable, and her voice has little charm or personality. Disappointing."
Mojo,37,"Duffy's pinched voice warbles into Lulu land pretty frequently, and that squeakiness isn't helped much by the music: five ballads swathed in strings and heartache, five uptempo tracks with a bit more bounce but not much attitude."
NOW Magazine,30,"Two years ago, Duffy had us begging her for mercy, but after 10 tracks of Endlessly, I was just begging her to stop."

Chicago Tribune,83,"For the most part, it's easiest to enjoy Ne-Yo's fourth set of well-built love songs on their own merits."
Slant Magazine,83,"With nearly as many producers as songs, Libra Scale, Ne-Yo's fourth album, nevertheless hangs together sonically-these tracks move more fully into the synth-drenched Europop sheen that typified the first half of Year."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"The real 'concept' here is: Michael Jackson tribute album. And a damn good one."
The A.V. Club,70,"The level of sophistication--arrangements with subtle details, the frequency of slow tempos, a couple well-trodden motifs--lends itself to a couple tepid tunes, but Ne-Yo remains a premier source of R&B that is both traditional and contemporary."
Rolling Stone,70,"If a little dominated by this trio [Champagne Life, One in a Million, Beautiful Monster] the rest of the album also develops the cool soul player theme nicely, with offers of mind sex and a considered approach in slick fusion."
AllMusic,70,"Comic-book-style inspiration notwithstanding, Libra Scale is enjoyable, but doesn't consistently reach the heights of 2008's adventurous 'Year of the Gentleman' or the peaks of his own stellar track record as a songwriter-for-hire to folks like Beyonce ('Irreplaceable') and Rihanna ('Take a Bow')."
BBC Music,70,"The only real slip-up on Libra Scale is when Ne-Yo moves just a little too far away from the R&B side and a little too far into the pop world....But even that low point isn't enough to taint another solid effort from a singer who doesn't really need trends, fads, collaborators or chart-topping hits anymore to prove that he belongs at the top of today's R&B world."
Boston Globe,70,"Libra Scale is a tighter, more sophisticated and compelling album that borrows not just MJ's swoony-smooth melodies, but also his taste for roleplay."
PopMatters,70,"Ne-Yo's best songs--like 'So Sick' from 2006 or 'Closer' from 2008, which he doesn't outdo on Libra Scale--are driven by obsessive longing, not self-satisfaction. And halfway through the album the tone changes."
Slant Magazine,63,"Ultimately, it's admirable that Ne-Yo felt the need to take listeners on an out-of-this-world ride, but he's at his best when sticking closer to home."
The New York Times,60,"Libra Scale lacks the sparkle found in Ne-Yo's previous work. Much like 'Champagne Life,' there is still plenty to celebrate. Toast it up."
Los Angeles Times,60,"R&B concept album about binmen turned superheroes. Yup."
HipHopDX,60,"Musically, Ne-Yo spends most of his time here worshipping the throne of Michael Jackson ballads, which suits his falsetto crooning quite well. However, it's the handful of upbeat techno-influenced speaker-thumpers that stand out most, revealing his potential to be a much more versatile artist."
Hot Press,60,"Despite Ne-Yo being absolutely serious about this--apparently, he spent three months alone developing the backstory--it doesn't feel markedly different from his first three albums. His strength remains his fluid melody-writing."

NOW Magazine,100,"He's keen to please, but what's remarkable about The Lady Killer is that he manages to avoid all the bubblebath boudoir-soul cliches that litter most R&B albums."
The Guardian,91,"Lady Killer both honors and tweaks the tropes of vintage songcraft with hefty doses of sweet Motown/Stax  boogie, a smattering of Curtis Mayfield superfly, and imaginary theme songs for James Bond."
The Independent (UK),91,"It's the rare hip-hop album that might actually make for a good movie, but Green's sound and vision are so boldly cinematic that a big-screen adaptation would almost feel redundant."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"The Lady Killer is generic in the best possible sense of the word; put simply: this is music for the soul, and even Mr. Gallagher has one of those."
The A.V. Club,90,"The Lady Killer doesn't possess the stylistic ADHD or the rough edges of Green's earlier work, sticking to sprightly brass arrangements and cheery string licks as his weapons of choice for the most part."
No Ripcord,90,"Anyone who doubted that Green is one of today's most commanding vocalists simply needs to hear how he negotiates moods here and turns phrases with subtlety, wit, and style. Killer stuff."
Slant Magazine,90,"It remains to be seen if The Lady Killer will continue his hot streak, but it should-it's one of the best records of the year, and also his most commercial, and that's not an insult."
Boston Globe,88,"Even with his quirks dialed down, Green has a voice that can burst any melody wide open."
Village Voice,80,"The Lady Killer doesn't have the same tightly focused future-soul sound as Green's other project, Gnarls Barkley, but that  gives the singer a chance to show his wider ranging musical appetites with elements of vintage R&B, irresistible pop and even a couple of sleek spy-movie riffs."
Chicago Tribune,80,"What makes this record so impressive is how effortlessly he has claimed his big pop moment  without sounding compromised, and how easily he makes his producers bend to his strengths instead of vice versa. [Jan 2011, p.132]"
Hartford Courant,80,"He delivers a tour de force on each track, solidifying his rep as one of the most dynamic performers in pop."
Q Magazine,80,"It's Green's pitch-perfect delivery, his ability to switch from sublimely giddy pop joy to earnest moments of heartache and convince utterly in both instances, that make The Lady Killer a treasure. [Jan. 2011, p. 96]"
NOW Magazine,80,"Thankfully, the thrills don't stop with the summer's hit single."
Mojo,80,"With material of a standard to match his fantastic pipes, here Callaway has crafted his finest Cee-Lo long-player yet."
Sputnikmusic,80,"It doesn't have any pretenses about being great and achieves in the most basic way possible: by being impeccably organized, well-sung, and well-written, with not an ounce of filler in sight."
BBC Music,80,"With The Lady Killer, Cee Lo Green is out for blood. Track after track, he triumphs."
musicOMH.com,80,"It's a faithful version that humbly spotlights the versatility of a fascinating talent."
Paste Magazine,80,"More than ever, Green is the surreal deal."
AllMusic,80,"Tremendous fun."
Spin,80,"How can you not love Cee Lo? He's a virtuoso rapper who has one of pop's most unique singing voices."
The Guardian,80,"All platitudes aside, I have to say that there is some filler  - mostly packed into the album's second quarter where most artists tend to hide their more mediocre material."
Rolling Stone,75,"As an album The Lady Killer achieves everything it purports to be. Its music is familiar enough to attract broad attention."
Urb,75,"For every swanky old-school touch, there's a glassy modernity that makes the album a sexy sonic adventure of loving and leaving."
Prefix Magazine,73,"If the de rigueur synthetic frills keep The Lady Killer from the visceral, tactile highs of the current soul revival, they do remind that artifice can often be its own reward."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Despite some great tunes, his high-pitched, duck-on-helium vocals start wearing thin, becoming the detraction, rather than the attraction, of this album. Had it been 15 minutes shorter, The Lady Killer could have been this year's top pop album."
Pitchfork,70,"It's all flawless in a string-laden soul way, but too clean an effort from a man who, in the past, has been so much more exciting by letting the grit remain."
Dot Music,70,"Don't like it? Well Cee-Lo has two words for you."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Throughout, Mr. Green's vocals are buried low in the mix, mere decoration for the arrangements and textures, which are the real stars."
Drowned In Sound,68,"On The Lady Killer, Green takes another shape, but this time with a narrow and singular vision: absolute soul impresario."
The New York Times,60,"Although it's hardly Green's fault, Mark Ronson's retro-soul ubiquity makes this record sound less fresh  than it otherwise might have. [Jan 2011, p.86]"
Filter,60,"As attempts at storming the mainstream go, this looks like a surefire winner, but musically it feels like a lesser take on Outkast's The Love Below."
Uncut,60,"It is a thoroughly likeable little trifle of a record, valuable even if only for having produced what is undeniably The Single of 2010, but one wishes that Cee-Lo had not been nearly as content to work so comfortably within the confines of his considerable range and talent."
Clash Music,40,"It all goes down like kung pao chicken and Sapporo, but you'll be at Church's in an hour."

PopMatters,75,"The all-star collaborations form a fitting tribute to Jones' immaculate pop-soul style, with a few exceptions: We didn't need to hear Amy Winehouse stumble through 'It's My Party.'"
Austin Chronicle,63,"None of it's unpleasant to hear, particularly when someone as dependably charismatic as Snoop Dogg shows up, as the rapper does in a typically laidback take on 'Get the Funk Out of My Face.' And Jones hasn't lost his ear for great singers; Jennifer Hudson, John Legend and BeBe Winans all sound terrific. Yet too few of the album's 15 tracks seem brushed with the seductive audacity that defined Jones' groundbreaking collaborations with Michael Jackson."
Entertainment Weekly,55,"The sad thing is that if this concept had been presented as a one-off concert, it could have been amazing; a fitting tribute from the brightest stars of the 21st century to the man who taught them everything they know. But on record, it simply fails to take off. Quite frankly Quincy Jones, and his legacy, deserve better."
Los Angeles Times,50,"There weren't too many opportunities for Jones to arrange or conduct during the course of this project, which is angled towards the vocal performance, whether sung or rapped. Its instrumental contributions serve mostly as a backdrop to the posturings of its guests."
Okayplayer,40,"These carefully manicured, self-serving triffles nearly all fall flat, despite the nonstop roll-out of A-listers. [Feb 2011, p.108]"
BBC Music,40,"Given Jones' legendary stature and reputation for taste, this set feels unnecessary at best, and downright cynical at worst."

Mojo,91,"Blacc's charismatic blend of gravitas and ease is what humanizes and vivifies Shine Through's ageless appeal."
AllMusic,80,"Blacc's wise-beyond-his-years tenor, sounding eerily alike a young Bill Withers, perfectly fits I Need A Dollar's dignified mourn. Elsewhere, he skillfully evades mawkishness or trite sentiment on the moving Momma Hold My Hand. [Sep 2010, p.106]"
The A.V. Club,80,"Anyone with a taste for neo-soul should try Good Things unique flavor. It comes on familiar and comfortable and becomes more rich and rewarding with every return visit."
Mojo,80,"Good Things is sufficiently accomplished, in fact, to at least temporarily banish the clouds of financial doom and gloom to the horizon."
AllMusic,80,"Much of this album, with its gritty street-level reportage of booze-alleviated dereliction and crooked politicians, feel so perfect for right now."
BBC Music,80,"Having experienced life on both sides of the social divide, Blacc writes affectingly of the damage caused ('These families in the street with nothing to eat/ Little baby boys and girls, no shoes on their feet', he sings in Life So Hard), mixing conscious lyrics and avuncular warmth in a way that recalls Gil Scott-Heron....A real discovery."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Modest protest songs, lack of money and painful love is the platform on Good Things. He deals with hardship in an uplifting manner and with smart lyrics."
The Guardian,80,"This follow-up goes one further [than his 2006 debut], pushing Dawkins to the forefront of modern soul voices, his delivery suggesting a less showy John Legend. [Nov 2010, p.105]"
Urb,78,"The production from song to song remains strong, but many of the tracks tend to blur together on repeated listens."
Q Magazine,75,"Aloe Blacc's Good Things is a mature, well-crafted, and distinctive take on the basic blueprint of the neo-soul sound, the quasi-revival movement that embraced classic soul and funk tropes that had been abandoned by much of the R&B establishment."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"For those, like me, who previously dismissed Aloe Blacc, Good Things warrants our reconsideration. Blacc's changed his tune. We probably should, too"
Prefix Magazine,70,"This collection of songs have no problems with originality (redundancy isn't an issue) but it never escapes its aged disposition."
Dusted Magazine,67,"As it stands, Good Things feels like hopping into a time machine, dialing it to 40 years ago, then forgetting to bring a stack of recent 12' singles with you to completely blow 1970's mind."

musicOMH.com,91,"The production is bright and clear, and the arrangements showcase the star."
Pitchfork,91,"You Are Not Alone is mostly invigorating gospel, though he somehow got her to apply that mighty rasp to the saddest song ever, Randy Newman's 'Losing You.'"
Paste Magazine,91,"You Are Not Alone is ultimately timeless rather than retro."
Entertainment Weekly,85,"At 71, Staples still knows how to hang tough and shows no signs of slowing down."
The A.V. Club,82,"Rather than protest the state of the world, Staples is toasting human endurance-- hers as well as ours."
Billboard.com,80,"Despite reaching her eighth decade, Staples is making music that is strikingly modern, but the defining concept of the album is timeless: unadulterated hope."
Pitchfork,80,"With You Are Not Alone, Staples proves that, at the age of 71, her voice is in better shape than ever. [Fall 2010, p.69]"
CMJ,80,"The stripped-down, Muscle Shoals-style arrangements give Mavis space to do her thing, and the song choices are spot-on. [Oct 2010, p.106]"
Under The Radar,80,"There's nothing self-consciously modern or calculated about You Are Not Alone, no visible strain from trying to mold Staples' style into something she's not. It's just her, as she is at her best, and Tweedy deserves credit for bringing that out."
Uncut,80,"The entire set speaks directly to the struggles and fears of an America desperately searching for some meaning and uplift. Staples and Tweedy have crafted a record with heart and grace, but also some toughness--all of them necessary if the goal is transcending troubled times."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Produced by Wilco leader Jeff Tweedy, Staples' latest is a joyous celebration of life and faith on traditional gospel songs and tunes by Tweedy, Allen Toussaint, John Fogerty, Randy Newman and Staples' father, Roebuck 'Pops' Staples."
Boston Globe,70,"You Are Not Alone is a solid outing that somehow amazingly manages to be both secular and sacred at once, and there is a stripped-down timelessness to it."
Hartford Courant,70,"If consistency has its rewards, then You Are Not Alone is a treasure."
AllMusic,70,"Staples isn't just a survivor. She's a great singer who is best when she gets to press onward."
PopMatters,60,"While on the secular likes of Randy Newman's Losing You she's never less than majestic, it's when celebrating her Lord that things really click. [Oct 2010, p.116]"
Rolling Stone,60,"Tweedy's influence shows primarily on the two songs he wrote, especially the stoic title-track ballad. Yet the album's best moment belongs solely to Staples--a spare version of Randy Newman's 'Losing You' that might well stand as definitive."

Q Magazine,90,"This is one heavy, messy, dynamite album--one that could take a decade to be fully processed."
Spin,90,"Ultimately, Airtight's Revenge joins Erykah Badu's Mama's Gun, Van Hunt's Popular, Meshell Ndegeocello's Cookie: The Anthropological Mixtape, Rahsaan Patterson's Wines & Spirits, Joi's Amoeba Cleansing Syndrome, and Sy Smith's Conflict as a generation-defining masterwork of unflinching vision that captures the artist at the very moment in time that it is released."
AllMusic,85,"Bilal and McKie place emphasis on the craft of each song and the arrangement of each instrument. Bilal's voice is treated as one of these parts, so there is a flat quality to the sound. This may frustrate fans of Bilal's voice or those expecting a conventional star-centric album that places the spotlight on a voice or an instrument. Instead, Bilal's feelings are the centerpiece here. That alone makes Airtight's Revenge a welcome return for a needed voice."
PopMatters,83,"Airtight's Revenge boasts a present-tense immediacy; there's no psychological distance between Bilal and the psychological torment he sings about, which gives the album a brooding, airless intensity."
Prefix Magazine,80,"It's a complex listen that strays from the tropes of standard R&B."
The A.V. Club,80,"Airtight's Revenge has its soul affectations, but even standard fare like 'Little One' bears Bilal's impressively reedy, insistent voice. He sounds like a man unburdening himself."
CMJ,80,"Despite not being as mesmerizingly immense as some of his earlier output, the record is still a far-out journey of dramatics ('Restart' and 'Levels'), hooky winners ('Robots' and 'Think It Over') and real-world lament ('Flying' and 'Think It Over'). In short, the wait paid off."
Spin,70,"On one hand, this [move to a much smaller, California-based independent label] represents a gentle lowering of expectation. On the other, however, it's given Bilal space to explore what he does free of the stifling expectations of a label trying to work out what they can sell, and to whom."
Urb,70,"Airtight's Revenge sounds like he had a lot of **** he needed to work through, but from great talent, and great catharsis, has come great art. It's hard to imagine that this will break through to any major audience, since it's even less accessible than the rejected Love for Sale, but it seriously deserves it."

BBC Music,90,"Paperboy has done it. I mean, I don't really know what he's done. He's made this album, Come and Get It, that truly stands in its own category in 2010."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Surrounded by punchy horn and a rhythm section that knows its Duck Dunn and Al Jackson, Jr., this is one Paperboy who delivers. [Jun 2010, p.102]"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"Eli's irrepressible personality shines through this varied and very appealing collection of songs, and tunes abound."
Mojo,80,"Come and Get It!--his third LP and first for a major label--feels a bit like an unearthed relic, built on songs and sounds that could pass for unheard gems if it wasn't for Reed's unapologetically white voice, free of affectations and ticks."
BBC Music,75,"What separates Reed from his would-be contemporaries is just how much Come and Get It! is not a pop-crossover record -- a point that is the album's strength, as well as its potential weakness."
AllMusic,70,"Since Come and Get It is Reed's first major release, his style is still refreshing. Whether or not he's just a one-trick pony remains to be seen."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"The third album (and first for a major) from this Boston-born, Mississippi- and Chicago-bred singer-guitarist is bound to inspire Sam Cooke comparisons, but Get It just as frequently stirs up Jackson 5 dance fever."
Slant Magazine,66,"Heavy with swaggering, mood-laden rock and roll, guitar-strumming, and Reed's soulful, albeit English vocal style, Come and Get It might be missing a certain kick, but it's nevertheless intriguing."
Spin,60,"There are questions over his naive writing, which often relies on hokey wordplay, but the horn-filled arrangements, his driving Stax-fuelled band and that voice carry him through. Just. [Jun 2010, p.131]"
Filter,50,"Reed's second major-label album, Come and Get It! (Capitol), is loaded with terse, catchy pop-soul songs outfitted with sharp horn riffs, taut guitar fills and bouncy bass lines. It's all done well enough. But when he slows down and attempts a ballad such as 'Pick Your Battles,' Reed's gusto is no longer enough to mask his limitations as a singer."
Q Magazine,50,"As a recording artist, he needs to offer up more than the plastic soul of his major label debut if he wants continue to find his name mentioned in the same breath as the masters of soul."
Chicago Tribune,40,"This paperboy delivers, but unfortunately it's old news."

PopMatters,80,"This triumphant self-possession comes so naturally to Christina that it's hard not to wish that she acted so boldly throughout Bionic, letting the entirety of the record be as distinctly odd as its best moments."
The Guardian,77,"Because she's bold enough to do it her way, Aguilera maintains her reign."
AllMusic,75,"For the most part--and in the album's most successful vein--Aguilera plays a hyper-sexed lover bot ready to tie you to the bed posts rather than tie your ears into knots with a well-executed legato."
Billboard.com,60,"Sure, her voice remains full, brash, and loud. But ultimately, so much of what passes for hedonism on Bionic feels synthetic and compulsory."
Los Angeles Times,60,"If nothing else, it all proves that Aguilera is a woman of many parts, which may be the point of this occasionally brilliant and brave, occasionally teeth-gritting and stupid album."
Slant Magazine,60,"Bionic, the 29-year-old's fourth studio release, is a disappointing album that will have listeners asking: Will the real Christina Aguilera please stand up?"
The Guardian,60,"Buried under reverb, distortion, and computer st-st-stutter, our pop astronaut mostly wastes the forward-thinking production with cringeworthy lines."
Boston Globe,60,"It's a horribly overlong, confused creation and Aguilera's brash personality and lioness voice are often sacrificed in pursuit of its many different styles. But when its experiments work, she's never sounded so interesting."
Spin,60,"Aguilera has a fantastic voice, which, when used properly, can carry a song that would have otherwise been fairly ordinary (Prima Donna being just one example) and the production on most of the songs is exemplary. It's just unfortunate that either Aguilera or her label didn't have the balls to make a very brave and exciting pop record."
Dot Music,60,"Left unasked is the question of whether you needed that-the bondage theme, the 10-octave tantrum, the synth war, all of that-but don't expect the rest of her new album, Bionic, to inquire, either."
musicOMH.com,50,"Daring as some of the tracks are, they overwhelmingly loop her vocal around a generic house lick that has the effect of giving her very little to do vocally."
Village Voice,50,"Now, on her new album, Bionic, how has she decided to present herself? Mostly as a sexbot: a one-dimensional hot chick chanting come-ons to club beats."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"Whatever the case, for Christina Aguilera, the x-factor has gone. The daring single minded focus has apparently been lost."
The New York Times,50,"Things stall mid-album with a string of dull ballads."
Drowned In Sound,50,"Aguilera's vocal supremacy has always been her multi-octave trump card. Alas, that natural gift is too often negated on Bionic by her penchant for stock step-class beats and an aggressive, exhausting hypersexuality."
Rolling Stone,50,"In the end, it is Aguilera's overzealous penchant for excess that leaves this comeback short of, well, being any good."
Entertainment Weekly,44,"It shouldn't come as a shock that Bionic is not a very good record. What should is that the conversation about how bad it is has become one of the most vitriolic and fascinating conversations pop music has recently provoked."
PopMatters,42,"Outside of her exceptional vocal abilities, Aguilera??s main talent thus far has been absorbing and regurgitating trends with such commitment that she essentially disappears behind a calculated varnish."
cokemachineglow,40,"As convincing as she attempts to sound, Bionic does nothing to persuade authenticity."
The A.V. Club,40,"Sure, her formidable pipes are as strong as ever, but on every song she comes across as a pale imitation of someone else."
No Ripcord,25,"It would've been fascinating to see how far a full-blown collaboration might've taken her, but Aguilera spreads out the songwriting and production credits in search of more hits, most of which come off as flimsy gimmicks."

NOW Magazine,91,"Sometimes torchy and always gut-wrenching, her knowing rasp pushes the album onto terra firma between the blues and power pop."
Chicago Tribune,83,"As promised, the disc is a journey through vintage British rock, but her simmering, brooding John cover shows just how freely shes chosen to adapt some of the most famous songs in the pop canon. That liberty is well taken."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Divine intervention aside, it's a matter of the unparalleled depth of LaVette's interpretive skill that she can take a covers album and make it sound like a collection of originals."
The A.V. Club,80,"She uses every scrape, shout and break in her raspy voice, with a predators sense of timing, to seize the drama of a song."
Slant Magazine,80,"Now in her mid-sixties, LaVette is singing better than ever, and if she isnt a household name, she ought to be. This is a remarkable album because this lady is a remarkable singer."
The New York Times,76,"She occasionally indulges in vocal gymnastics just because she can, but LaVettes voice revitalizes transcendent lyrics that many of todays top female singers wouldnt be able to handle."
AllMusic,75,"Yet if the title is straightforward, the music often isnt, with LaVette teasing out new emotional details from songs that seemed to have given up all their secrets decades ago."
Paste Magazine,73,"It's hard not to appreciate the karma of some of the most well-worn rock standards of LaVette's hard-fought early years rendered new again through a voice time almost forgot."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"There are flat parts when the band takes shelter in its mid-tempo comfort zone, and not every song is a triumph. But each one feels personal and full of intention."
Pitchfork,60,"LaVette says thank you to the British Invasion for bringing soul back home. [July 2010, p. 103]"
Boston Globe,60,"Curiously, this British Invasion collection lowers the heat."
Mojo,60,"She transforms The Word, from Rubber Soul, into a strutting funk-gospel exhortation, and Pink Floyd's Wish You Were Here into a conversation with ghosts from her past, but the passion she evinces grows wearying when it is for singing rather than the songs."
Rolling Stone,60,"For roughly half the tracks, her performances are revelatory....Elsewhere, her reinventions are less successful, perhaps because the originals themselves are so perfect, or maybe because her go-to emotional stateeyeball-scratching angstisnt necessarily the perfect tone for Wish You Were Here or Nights in White Satin."
The Guardian,50,"The album definitely couldve used a little more friskiness; as it is, a horn-spackled version of Derek and the Dominoes Why Does Love Got to Be So Sad and a brisk run-through of the Beatles The Word are the only moments where LaVette busts loose from her always heart-felt, but sometimes overly earnest, introspection."

PopMatters,100,"To say it's ambitious feels like damning with faint praise; its sheer musical scope--from the James Brown funk of Tightrope to the English pastoral folk of Oh, Maker--is spellbinding."
Chicago Tribune,100,"Through the different flavors of ice cream on here, The ArchAndroid: Suites II and III remains a proudly boastful album. It should be discussed by a lot of people and the love it's receiving is no fluke either: this is a skillfully talented artist."
The Guardian,100,"Its sweep across genres and eras is exactly the point. The time-traveling heroine of 'The ArchAndroid' aims to uncover previously hidden points of harmony amid chaos. In this case, it's a big risk that brings big reward."
Delusions of Adequacy,100,"Either allow this the dignity of being played through a quality sound system or go invest in a pair of Beats by Dres. This is far less an album than a cinematic experience."
Chicago Tribune,91,"Does every genre suit her equally? Of course not, but most of Janelle Mone's mad experiments yield spectacularly catchy results."
Urb,91,"The ArchAndroid is a fully immersive, theatrical experience. It's a near-perfect R&B album; hell, it's a fantastic hip-hop, psychedelic, neo-soul, dance and orchestral album too."
Entertainment Weekly,91,"Monae's inexhaustible swagger and singular style sell both the high-concept theatrics and the schizophrenic sonics."
Paste Magazine,90,"The result is a dizzying fusion, marked by its lofty ambition and stunning central performance."
The A.V. Club,90,"For a first album, The ArchAndroid is astoundingly accomplished. It would be a lie to say there aren't a few lulls in the back end of the record as Monae begins to take fewer risks, but only the truly seminal albums can keep the quality level so high for over an hour."
BBC Music,90,"The reason ArchAndroid is so good is because, from minute one, it is so apparent that its author loves music. And for those of us that love music, that's a real treat."
No Ripcord,90,"The Archandroid is everything her fans had been hoping for and then some; Monae has earned her place at the forefront of black music in 2010. This ballsy, funky, and furiously intelligent album is pop as everybody wishes it would be."
RapReviews.com,90,"Some songs fade out just as they're transforming into something else; others split into several movements, and poetic lyrics psychedelicize hefty topics like war and slavery. Even at 18 tracks, The ArchAndroid feels condensed."
Sputnikmusic,90,"It's funky and fantastic, futuristic but retro. It's in a category of its own."
Spin,90,"As this wildly talented, unpredictable and near flawless young singer and musician bids her farewell with the album's longest track, BaBopBye Ya, this time in cocktail club torch singer style, one can but marvel at the impressive range, ambition (realised) and detail of this deeply polished, professional yet utterly, brilliantly bonkers album."
PopMatters,88,"At times, the fumes of ambition are so thick off 'The ArchAndroid,' it's hard to absorb in one sitting. All the same, it's a star-making debut."
musicOMH.com,85,"Where many concept albums run a high risk of being pompous, cryptic, and self-important, Mone keeps things playful, lively, and accessible. It's a delicate balancing act, but Mone and her band pull it off, resulting in an eccentric breakthrough that transcends its novelty."
Los Angeles Times,85,"She is what we say we want. The ArchAndroid is not my favorite album of the year so far, but it is undoubtedly the best."
Pitchfork,83,"Manipulating her voice as much as she does her sound, Mone widens the cast of characters and pushes along the self-explorative narrative. The ArchAndroid could be the stuff of stage or screen, 3-D without the annoying glasses."
cokemachineglow,80,"Her ambition is flabbergasting, let alone that she executes it with bundles of fun and a fizzing personality."
Billboard.com,80,"As is, she's turned out a landmark debut that contains a full LP's worth of excellent songs and almost no bad ones, and she's done it entirely on her own highly idiosyncratic terms."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Understanding all this stuff enhances the enjoyment of the album, but it is not required. A few tracks merely push the album along, and a gaudy Of Montreal collaboration is disruptive, but there are numerous highlights that are vastly dissimilar from one another."
Slant Magazine,80,"It's both jarring and exhilarating how disjointed the record often feels, from the dreamy Tin Pan Alley balladry of 'Sir Greendown'' to the Screamin' Jay Hawkins freakout 'Come Alive (War of the Roses).''"
AllMusic,80,"Its intriguing combination of 70s Bowie glam, James Brown soul and Outkast weirdness can't really be taken in after one spin. True rewards come from repeat listens. Finally, something worthy of the hype."
Boston Globe,80,"While the story serves to showcase Monae's creative flair, the songs and her performance draw the focus here, and the wealth of highlights is startling."
NOW Magazine,80,"Genius robo-funk opus from worthy-of-the-hype OutKast protege."
Under The Radar,75,"In spite of the album's potential obesity at 18 tracks of wildly different musical ideas, the three [Monae and her production partners, Charles 'Chuck Lightning' Joseph II and Nathaniel 'Nate 'Rocket' Wonder'' Irvin III.] keep the weight off by welcoming coherence and by evenly spreading out their interests."
Hot Press,70,"The 70-minute album sags by the end, and every listener will probably find one must-skip song. But Ms. Monae gets away with most of her metamorphoses, and the sheer ambition is exhilarating even when she stretches too far."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Her full-length debut--about a robot-populated utopia based on Fritz Lang's classic 1927 film Metropolis--is so ambitious, so freighted with sounds and ideas and allusions, it threatens at times to sink under its own weight."

The New York Times,80,"A couple ballads are sonically lukewarm and lyrically platitudinal, but even so, this is easily the singers best work since The Heat."
Rolling Stone,80,"Clearly, this set is designed to show, and does indeed prove, that the singer has a pulse."
AllMusic,69,"When Braxton isn't sulking about heartbreak, she's enjoying being a woman."
Boston Globe,50,"Braxton's sixth album Pulse--some five years in the making--is certainly a release shrouded with anticipation, but instead of sticking to her strength in ballads it feels more a trend-chasing American Idol semi-finalist's debut offering."
Billboard.com,50,"The singer has no trouble making herself at home in these cuts, but the flimsy material can't quite conceal her hit-hungry desperation. Braxton fares better in the album's slower, more sensual songs."


BBC Music,88,"Drawing from a skillful fusion of R&B/hip-hop/pop, Usher addresses the trappings of fame on the uptempo 'Monstar,' shifts into sexy overdrive on 'Lil Freak' (featuring Nicki Minaj) and 'Pro Lover,' pumps up the beat on the infectious club anthem 'OMG' (featuring Will.i.am) and turns introspective on the ballad 'Foolin' Around.'"
Los Angeles Times,80,"His sixth album proves that his ability to make grown-up hits is stronger than ever."
Billboard.com,80,"So dont come to this thinking youll get the inside scoop on a celebrity divorce, but as a soundtrack to rampancy in general, its hard to beat."
NOW Magazine,75,"Here's a battle, the title suggests, between the faithful husband of the last few years and the wily lothario of yore. With tracks like 'Lil Freak,' 'Foolin' Around' and 'So Many Girls,' the album isn't coy about which Raymond comes out on top."
BBC Music,67,"Raymond v Raymond doesn't offer much real revelation. Its main aim is more standard issue: Sleek, grown-and-sexy R&B tuned to seduction, not divorce court."
Los Angeles Times,63,"The boilerplate swagger is balanced by the falsetto sweetness of There Goes My Baby. And a couple of songs actually live up to the promise of the album title and its suggestion of a more emotionally complex Usher."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Since then [2008], Usher's marriage imploded--a development that's good for the single ladies of metro Atlanta but yields mixed results on his sixth studio disc."
Chicago Tribune,60,"As a longtime fan of Usher, this album has great moments and also lagging tunes."
Rolling Stone,60,"Raymond V Raymond finds the singer in an emotional headspin, and when he channels it here he produces some of his darkest and most hypnotic soul-pop to date. But sadly theres quite a bit of forgettable bravado babble too--hardly original."
No Ripcord,50,"The sleek dancefloor track So Many Girls, one of a few songs in which Usher sounds dead in the eyes, going through the motions, desensitized by the bounty of women at his feet, is followed by the sarcastically titled Guilty, where he whines I guess Im guilty for wanting to be up in the club  which warrants a response like Yes, attached 31-year-old man, thats correct. A few songs before that is a quasi-redemptive ballad Foolin Around; he humbles himself, seems to take responsibility for his actions, then casually drops Guess thats just the man in me, blame it on celebrity."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"Raymond v. Raymond, his latest release, is something else entirely: an album ostensibly about divorce but too timid to explore the subject in all its complexities."
AllMusic,50,"Unfortunately, it is hard to embrace these strengths on such a predictably unfocused album."
Boston Globe,40,"He does express regret about the marriage breakdown on Papers, but it rings hollow, as does most of this so-so record."
Sputnikmusic,40,"There are moments where Usher's old charm and vocal velvetiness briefly resurface and remind the listener of what a bright talent he once seemed....But these highlights are rare, and Raymond vs Raymond mostly sounds as shallow and unappealing as its singer."
The Guardian,40,"He does express regret about the marriage breakdown on Papers, but it rings hollow, as does most of this so-so record."
Dot Music,30,"The album is consistently uninspired, with each song showcasing an incredibly gifted performer grown wearyingly complacent."

PopMatters,91,"New Amerykah Part Two: Return of the Ankh's comfortable style only makes it that much easier to get pleasantly lost in."
Slant Magazine,91,"Fall In Love rides on a swirling, almost psychedelic Eddie Kendricks loop that connects it to Part One as confidently as much of the rest of the new material stands on its own."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"She is, by no means, retro in her art; its just been a long time since anyone sang soul music as passionately, wittily and inventively as she does here."
The A.V. Club,90,"With a single flutter, she exudes both confidence and insecurity. With each fragile note, she conveys experience and doe-eyed enthusiasm, optimism and loneliness, and ends up wooing us and wowing us in the process."
BBC Music,90,"Badu has refined her authorial vision on Return of the Ankh, creating one of her most vital records to date. Despite her frequent afronautic impulses, Badu succeeds in simultaneously keeping her head in the firmament and both feet planted firmly on the ground."
PopMatters,90,"Erykah might have mellowed out, but the lessons from last time round have been learnt, rethought and reapplied. This is a record that confidently stands alone as brilliant, yet remains an equally perfect companion to a modern classic."
Tiny Mix Tapes,88,"Whether the specifics involve being needed or wanting to fly away, lusting for someone or letting go, 'New Amerykah Part Two: Return of the Ankh' is a velvety, but still appealingly odd, exploration that feels more like a casual counterweight than a heady sequel."
Drowned In Sound,81,"Her fifth studio release, New Amerykah Part Two: Return of the Ankh, finds the singer delivering no-holds-barred lyrics about lovemaking, love longing and, at times, love lost."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Return of the Ankh is a relief in that Badu does not attempt to trump herself with a set that is even more intense and powerful than its predecessor."
Billboard.com,80,"The freeform Return of the Ankh is what it would sound like if 4th World War drank three whole jars of holy water. It doesn't sound one bit like her debut (as early reports indicated), but it does bear the mark of its creator having rolled through the full cipher."
AllMusic,80,"Badu remains a singular, refreshingly unpolished talent."
Slant Magazine,80,"It ends with Out of My Mind Just in Time, a 10-minute closer that starts as a fairly boring ballad but gradually unravels into the tripped-out weirdness on which New Amerykah Part One was founded. You could argue that's New Amerykah Part Two in a nutshell: as with Badu herself, all is gratifyingly not as it first appeared."
musicOMH.com,80,"The spacey, meandering jams flow effortlessly, bringing to mind sunny afternoons with an old lover and a big bag of weed. No, its not the kind of album thatll change the world, but it might just be the perfect summer soundtrack of the year."
The Guardian,80,"'My Love' are the first two words you hear on Erykah Badus beguiling new album, and they set the tone for the entire set. Unlike the politically charged mix of funk and hip-hop of New Amerykah Part One (Third World War), this chapter is a warmer, more sensuous blend of organic R&B and jazzy pop."
NOW Magazine,80,"Most of the lyrics here dwell on relationships, which Badu handles with a confidence and informality that most of square-ass, tax-filing society just hasn't caught up to and probably never will."
Boston Globe,80,"Part II is an altogether more personal and laidback affair, concerned with romance and emotions."
Pitchfork,80,"Although lacking an ear-grabbing single or a truly hummable hook, the New Amerykah Part Two does something that current R&B seemed incapable of: it charms."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"This isnt political, but it is personal, comical, sad, satirical, intelligent and refreshingly honest."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Through the hypnotic, J Dilla produced Love to the ghostly Incense, the short skit You Loving Me to the skittish jazz of Agitation, it's the sound of an artist in full, uncensored flow. [June 2010, p. 93]"
No Ripcord,78,"With typical spots of self-indulgence, Badu whispers stoned nothings on the spacey 'Incense' and offers to pop, break, and crochet for her common-law lover on 10-minute closer 'Out My Mind, Just in Time.'"
Mojo,77,"New Amerykah, Part Two: Return of the Ankh is a record full of smooth, creative, grooving (but not too grooving) songs that are exceptionally well conceived, penned, and executed."
Austin Chronicle,75,"The music is breezier, more relaxed, even as it wiggles beyond the contours of traditional pop. Its the aural equivalent of a sun-kissed afternoon swaying in a hammock, the mind and the songs drifting away on their own quirky paths."
cokemachineglow,70,"It's warm, analogue production bolstered by Madlib, ?uestlove and the inevitable J Dilla exhumation that makes it a summer smash in waiting, not least on 'Umm Hmm''s exhortation to let your feelings show."
Chicago Tribune,60,"Its filled with spacey, leisurely songs about desire, longing, betrayal and letting go. The album plays as one long tease on the way to its last song: the 10-minute, three-part Out My Mind, Just in Time, which is even more protracted."
Dot Music,60,"Badu seems so taken by hazy texture--and so determined to play the weirdo--that she's neglected to write many actual songs."

The New York Times,83,"A low-key delight."
Rolling Stone,80,"Monicas highly anticipated sixth album is rich with songs about self-validation, love lost and subsequent recovery, and doesnt let up on that thematic gas pedal until the last tune."
Entertainment Weekly,71,"While the album is fluid lyrically and musically, it's missing one thing: Monica's spunk and sass."
NOW Magazine,70,"Some fans will be irritated that it took Monica three-and-a-half years to follow up a ten-song album with a set of equally brief length, but Still Standing benefits from quality control and a handful of particularly strong ballads."
Billboard.com,60,"Theres a wealth of talent involved, no doubt, but Monica is capable of a more consistently satisfying effort."
AllMusic,40,"It's pop at its most unembellished and bland, which is especially disappointing for an album that enlists big-league producers like Jermaine Dupri and Missy Elliott."

Boston Globe,63,"The veering eclecticism of the album suggests that he's still figuring out his sound though, and he won't have untilled Imogen Heap samples, like on the inescapable 'Whatcha Say,' to work off of forever. Nonetheless, it's a pleasure-packed debut."
Slant Magazine,60,"As a performer, the smooth Derulo--made even smoother by Auto-Tune--delivers it all so effortlessly that none of that persuasive debut hunger comes through, making this stylish and short set one to admire rather than advocate."
Los Angeles Times,60,"The busy production feels impersonal, though, and producer JR Rotem has made far too free with the Auto-Tune, robbing Derlo of the idiosyncrasies that make an album worth hearing."
AllMusic,60,"The nine-song album's softer ballads--like the piano-driven 'What If'--distract from Derulo's powerhouse vocals. His talent is somewhat misused on the tune, blanketed beneath equal parts Auto-Tune and lyrical vagueness. However, the inclusion of club bangers like 'The Sky's the Limit' and 'Love Hangover' boost the set's energy."
The Guardian,58,"On Jason Derulo, though, Derulo has trouble making an impression."
Billboard.com,40,"Derulo's desperation to cover all commercial bases is only matched by an inability to stamp his own personality on them."
Entertainment Weekly,30,"This is music that rings shrilly with a deafening hollowness, an unashamed fakery akin to a dream-state where fantasy and reality have become mixed and hopelessly muddied."

Dot Music,81,"Merriweather delivers just fine in his own right, with a soulful voice of the Otis Redding/Al Green/Marvin Gaye variety and lushly arranged songs that channel an array of influences from early Elton John ('For Your Money') to vintage Holland-Dozier-Holland  ('Impossible')."
BBC Music,80,"Ronson fatigue will probably prove his undoing, but this is a very good album. [May 2009, p.87]"
Billboard.com,60,"It would be easy to write off the album as pastiche but a confessional, honky-tonk-styled 'Cigarettes,' and the grit Merriweather puts into the immaculately fashioned grooves, show he's more about feel than fashion. [Jul 2009, p.95]"
Uncut,60,"This Ronson-produced collection of swinging '60s pop and blue-eyed soul is still well-crafted, with standouts. The problem is Merriweather's voice, which is technically agile but emotionally anodyne. [Jul 2009, p.127]"
Mojo,50,"Love & War is sharp and bright, full of limpid melodies, punchy brass arrangements and, in songs like 'Change' (with rapping by Wale), beats that gesture to 1974 but feel thoroughly 2010."

Q Magazine,100,"On songs like the space-folky ''Long Hard Road'' and the reggae-scented ''Babyfather,'' Sade exhales peerlessly while the boys behind her fluff one heck of a sonic pillow. Weary bones, rest here."
Rolling Stone,91,"Soldier benefits from a divine sense of intimacy; Sade seems to be whispering secret thoughts directly into the listeners ears."
Entertainment Weekly,88,"'Soldier of Love' is unique in its confrontational tone, but it connects to the other best tracks on this album, which employ minimalism and the rules of cool to carefully reconstruct various musical styles."
The A.V. Club,82,"The release is Sade's first new material in 10 years, but the act hasn't lost a beat."
Los Angeles Times,82,"Theyve plied a unique blend of jazz, world, pop and soul for more than a quarter-century, and now they add heavier beats, craftier production and a wider arsenal of sounds and styles."
Billboard.com,80,"There is gospel organ (Be That Easy) and a mid-tempo reggae-ish gait on Babyfather, but mostly Soldier of Love is as mournfully one-paced as previous Sade albums, with the same attention to texture and surface lustre but, alas, not to melody or moving autobiography."
Paste Magazine,80,"Sure, the production on Soldier Of Love sounds a bit tougher and chunkier than the bands early work, but the classic Sade vibe we love is still front and centre."
BBC Music,80,"The qualities that millions of devoted fans enjoy about Sade are placed in new contexts on Soldier of Love."
NOW Magazine,80,"These are songs that can sashay straight past you if you're not careful, but producer Stuart Matthewman (whose work with Maxwell sounds equally poured over) slips in subtle moments such as the twinkling percussion on Morning Bird and the slow-burn backing on opener The Moon And The Sky."
PopMatters,80,"Elegantly downbeat, Soldier Of Love sparkles as a whole rather than as a collection of parts. [Mar 2010, p.107]"
musicOMH.com,80,"Sade has, as ever, fashioned an album that sounds both classic and current. [Mar 2010, p.91]"
Q Magazine,75,"But mostly Soldier of Love presents Sade as a genre unto herself; after 25 years, she remains alluring and subtly rewarding, while still keeping the listener at a safe distance, as if she had even deeper secrets to guard."
Mojo,70,"Like its predecessors, it mimics the rhythms of a new relationship - its up one minute and down the next, loving in places and wounded in others - and its a rich and rewarding album, but only after multiple listens."
Chicago Tribune,70,"Soldier is sumptuously melancholy, exquisitely beautiful R&B, perfect for crying on a very expensive sofa."
Boston Globe,70,"Apart from the futuristic sound of the title track and a mini-tribute to Michael Jackson on 'Skin,' Soldier possesses the same timeless quality as any of the band's previous albums."
Rolling Stone,70,"Soldier of Love offers listeners a rather narrow range of interest-- songs that (at their best) suggest strong feeling restrained by a fierce dignity-- but Sade remain the best at what they do."
Slant Magazine,60,"Lovely listening."
Pitchfork,60,"Sade Adu and co return with more snoozy, expensively produced, quiet-storm soul. [Mar 2010, p.95]"
The Guardian,60,"Lacking rhythmic hypnotism and relatable most to those who are experiencing solitude created by romantic desertion, this is not your mother's Sade album."

Uncut,83,"Another Round's charms take time to unspool, but like an experienced lover, he knows that the journey is as important as the destination, so he never stints on the fine-grain detail."
AllMusic,80,"Not every track on Another Round may be a winner, but Jaheim remains a welcome oasis in a desert of Auto-Tuned voices-and a beacon for the next generation of soul."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"This is easily Jaheims finest, most cohesive work."
Billboard.com,70,"Truth in advertising, Another Round varies little from Jaheims earlier efforts, but for the returning listener, thats the selling point."
PopMatters,70,"This is a very solid set that places its emphasis on the vocalists smooth, rich tone and effortless phrasing."
AllMusic,60,"Accordingly, Jaheim is not at his best on ballads or on up-tempo numbers (a pair of which, Another Round and Her, weigh down the middle of this album), but he is on songs that combine the two."

Boston Globe,80,"The energy is, as ever, uniformly positive, albeit with a spirit that is more commonly playful, as on Simple Advice (loaded with so much kinetic percussion that it resembles a go-go bands warm-up session), Summer Love (a lighthearted duet with Perkins over crawling, Cutie Pie-like machine funk), and Room Punk! (45 seconds of happily throwaway pop-punk)."
The New York Times,80,"Kings Ballad doesnt have quite as many killer tracks [as 'Umsindo'], but it may ultimately be a more entertaining experience."
AllMusic,80,"Muldrows wonderfully flighty reverberations allow the listener to grow, to mature with her, to continually learn and blossom and thrive through the music."
PopMatters,70,"Kings Ballad marks the natural progression of a remarkable artist-in-residency."
Urb,69,"Kings Ballad still doesn't meet all the expectations Muldrow may have initially inspired, but it's a positive, measured sign that there's more to come."

XLR8r,88,"A dense yet buoyant mixture of hip-hop beats, reggae grooves, African-pop riffs and future-soul vocals, 'Concrete Jungle' (which culls tracks from Nneka's previous European releases) does, in fact, echo 'The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill.'"
Pitchfork,87,"The album is both affirmative and entertaining, addressing themes of political upheaval, reconciliation and the ignorance that so often comes with privilege."
Billboard.com,80,"There are so many pristine components here; each of them the building blocks of an amazing performer with a concentric gift of a future. With my defenses down, hands down, Concrete Jungle is one of the most impressive releases of the year."
Paste Magazine,78,"By the time the political party concludes with religious/romantic closer 'God of Mercy,' Nneka's evocative rhymes and miasmic tones make clear her outsize talent has small use for earthly boundaries."
PopMatters,70,"She's clearly listened to Lauryn Hill and Erykah Badu, but the production on Concrete Jungle, by DJ Farhot, is both inventive and inviting."
Austin Chronicle,60,"Her rhyming ability is versatile yet non-braggadocios. And it is these ingredients that gives the music world a fresh yet veteran voice."

Rolling Stone,100,"The Sea is a remarkable accomplishment. It's a step toward something--Rae's inner peace, and her next artistic breakthrough--that has its own considerable rewards."
Urb,90,"Corinne Bailey Rae has completed a remarkable comeback, against titanic odds, and for that she should be applauded. But to do it with a record as powerful as this is extraordinary."
Los Angeles Times,86,"In grappling with the sudden death of her husband in 2008, the U.K. singer/songwriter has crafted a remarkable set that includes influences from rock and jazz, rich instrumentation and lyrics that linger well beyond the first listen."
musicOMH.com,83,"What makes it all work is her lithe voice, as eloquent an instrument as ever."
Billboard.com,80,"A great vocal performance and solid musicianship from the backing band result in a record well worth the time."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"The Sea, produced as per the debut by Steve Brown and Steve Chrisanthou, is no self-indulgent lack of tunes-fest. Even at its bleakest--'Closer,' say, or 'Love's on Its Way,' where there is 'blood on the streets'--the music and melodies draw you in, and even when they follow their own lushly orchestrated circuitous path, they seem to dare you to drift away."
Sputnikmusic,80,"The eleven songs on The Sea are richer, much less accessible, and marked by a sense of loss and introspection. Bailey Rae moves closer to capturing the vividness of her live shows as she allows her bluesier and rock sides to emerge with hints of jazz in her vocal phrasings."
BBC Music,80,"Even allowing for occasional swoops into blandish neo-soul, Rae has made an album she'll have trouble bettering."
Boston Globe,80,"It's a delicate, individual record, from the same neighbourhood as Paul Weller's recent excursions in rustic soul, but instead of Weller's creosotey vocals, the emotion is carried in a Minnie Riperton trill."
The Guardian,80,"The leap in quality is clear from the album's opening bars."
Uncut,80,"It doesn't offer any answers, but The Sea is a testament to Rae's artistic growth as it provides comfort to those left on the wistful side of eternal love, and insight to those who are not."
Dot Music,80,"It's to Bailey Rae's credit that never for one second does the album feel exploitative or mawkish, just truthful and real. [Mar 2010, p.94]"
AllMusic,78,"The record is refreshingly eclectic, adding several new layers to Rae's previous blend of classic soul and modern R&B."
Q Magazine,70,"Her latest is both reckoning and rebirth."
Paste Magazine,70,"The Sea is a richer effort than her debut.  Given its inspiration, it forges a darker and more sophisticated sonic palette."
Rolling Stone,60,"Like its physical namesake, The Sea is capable of being dull and flat, but at its most winning it provides glimpses of a new horizon shining beyond the riptides of pain and sorrow."
PopMatters,60,"It's easy to be fatigued by this album. The moment the rhythm breaks, as with 'Closer,' it's a struggle to reengage with music that is so intensely personal, so overwhelmingly desolate and yet somehow unmemorable."
Observer Music Monthly,60,"The mournful ballads are achingly pretty, but Rae is most compelling when trying to distract herself from her loss."
Slant Magazine,60,"At its best, though, The Sea is not just honest and cathartic, but jaw-dropping  - and a difficult call for any critic. [Feb 2010, p. 93]"
Spin,60,"The album, her best to date, would've worked better had she dived into the sea of sadness instead of dipping her toe in from song to song."
Mojo,30,"Session musicians removes salt from the sea!"

NOW Magazine,80,"An album that thrives on sparse, tickling productions that are more about atmosphere than anything else."
Hot Press,73,"Omarion describes his third solo album, Ollusion, as proof that he's all grown up. But the set comes off more like a bid for street cred than maturation....But when Omarion reaches for the high notes and sticks to nuance on the aching ballad 'Speedin'' and the teasing 'Sweet Hangover,' he shines like a seasoned star."
AllMusic,67,"A onetime member of the R&B boy band B2K, Omarion has spent the last few years stuck in label limbo. As a result, some of the material on Ollusion, the overdue follow-up to 2006's 21, feels a little bit dated."
Billboard.com,50,"Clunky lyrics are everywhere, undoing some of the progress Omarion has made."

Entertainment Weekly,80,"'I Can See in Color' is the culmination of an album on which Ms. Blige straps herself into the contemporary R&B machine, then grapples her way out."
The New York Times,80,"The queen of hip-hop soul splits her loyalty between three masters with the agility of a gymnast, but she manages to hold a mood with seamless transitions between each."
The New York Times,80,"Throughout Stronger With Each Tear, Blige solidly reinforces why she endures as a fan favorite."
Boston Globe,80,"Although Stronger with Each Tear may not be one of her greatest works, it ensures that Blige remains as relevant as any of her more recent contemporaries."
Billboard.com,75,"Stronger with Each Tear might not have the raw emotionalism of some of her earlier work but it's clearly a polished performance from a woman who's 100% comfortable in her own skin, healed wounds and all."
BBC Music,75,"A hip-hop soul hymnbook full of inspirationals. There's so much feel-goodness, you might long for the drama of yore."
Los Angeles Times,75,"Stronger With Each Tear, her ninth studio release, continues a string of releases that play like self-empowerment pep talks garnished by pop assembly-line producers."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Stronger with Each Tear is a very good Blige album, if not quite a classic."
Chicago Tribune,70,"Blige's experiment works in the context of her album."
AllMusic,60,"The result is minor Mary--strong by many standards, a bit tepid by hers."
Rolling Stone,60,"Stronger With Each Tear, as with most R&B albums, attempts to cover all bases and as such feels a little all over the place. Thankfully, there's enough here to cover the cracks that appear when she's taken out of her comfort zone, which, as much as it shows diversity, seems an odd place to want to leave when the results are often so spectacular."
Spin,50,"Blige's frequent problems with pitch control [on 'I Can See in Color'] mar what should have been the album's finest moment. Instead, the song is just indicative of the larger problem with Stronger: None of the elements that actually work ever manage to do so at the same time."

musicOMH.com,91,"Keys' material is ultimately about the slow reveal, not the instant blitz. If Element asks for patience, it also earns it."
Slant Magazine,80,"While R&B artists clamour for synth-heavy, layered production by The-Dream, Danja and Jim Jonsin, Keys proves a hit album can still be made using conventional means."
Entertainment Weekly,78,"Keys delivers a musically understated but richly passionate set of soul paeans to being in love, out of love, lovelorn and pining for her man to return."
NOW Magazine,75,"It's far from a shock but definitely a disappointment to watch Ms. Trained Pianist survey her branding options and choose the bland card over the brains card."
Billboard.com,75,"It's her most consistent album and also her most low-key."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),75,"After the all-too-human ups and downs she's experienced through the rest of the album, ultimately she comes out of it sounding pretty, well, super."
Chicago Tribune,70,"Throughout the album's remaining 13 tracks, the experience is not unlike watching a flower bloom in time-lapse; this one's about Keys stepping away from safety, and the whole thing benefits beautifully from her sense of daring."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Keys never gets gritty, she remains reserved, never letting her singing or arrangements obscure the melodies or the classy veneer of the entire proceedings. All this determined detachment keeps The Element of Freedom from packing a primal, passionate punch, but there is charm in Alicia's enveloping, quiet cool."
musicOMH.com,70,"It's surely a compliment to suggest that someone as abundantly gifted as she is can do better than this enjoyable, occasionally brilliant but disappointingly generic record."
AllMusic,60,"After so many highlights, the duds feel inconsequential, easily bypassed. Only when Keys panders to Top 40 radio does the album truly stumble, sounding like a hodgepodge of transparent ideas."
Dot Music,60,"But all that queenliness, and the sameness of the tempo, start to wear you down. It's not until the 10th track, 'Put It in a Love Song,' that the record starts to bristle with a less regal impulse: flirting."
Boston Globe,60,"Her fourth, The Element of Freedom, is full of straightforward pleas for affection that are neither outstanding nor run-of-the-mill."
The New York Times,60,"On The Element of Freedom, the production compresses her voice, making it sound a lot less like her, especially on the ballads."
Vibe,50,"In most of these dozen tracks (not including a ponderous intro regarding the necessity of risk and a slow-jam sequel to Jay-Z's 'Empire State of Mind') Keys seems uninterested in breaking new ground, snooze-controlling her way through a series of familiar piano-soul platitude."
Rolling Stone,50,"With so few highlights, an unwieldy 52-minute runtime, and a second half nearly devoid of strong material, Freedom doesn't begin to contend with that release--or indeed, even many of those by Keys's objectively less talented contemporaries."
Spin,30,"The Element of Freedom is just really well-made elevator music. It's boring, soulless, and pretentious."

Slant Magazine,85,"Throughout this quick follow-up to last year's 'Something Else,' Thicke reveals a side of his personality that's flashier and funnier than the Oprah-appropriate image that was cultivated with previous hits. Musically, too, he flexes an eclectic streak last heard on his underappreciated 2003 debut."
PopMatters,83,"Plenty of other contemporary artists have been treading similar ground for years, but until Justin Timberlake gets around to making another album, this just might be the next best thing."
Billboard.com,70,"Its evident that hits--more specifically, appealing to younger listeners-- is the goal....Sex Therapy, however, enlists Snoop Dogg, Jay-Z, the Game, Kid Cudi, and Nicki Stick shift the ding-a-ling Minaj--not to mention Estelle and Jazmine Sullivan, both of whom contribute excellent background vocals on their respective appearances."
Entertainment Weekly,67,"Sex Therapy is certainly not grown, nor particularly sexy, but its often great, sometimes because of its lover-boy goofiness, other times in spite of it."
AllMusic,63,"This is his baby-making album, and though Thicke's freak flag is PG-13, his new randiness adds zip to an always-perfect falsetto."
The A.V. Club,60,"Sex Therapy is a well-made album, to be sure.  But its hard to listen to it and think that any babies will be made to it.  It is definitely more cartoonish than anything 70s soul men would have released, no matter how great some of the melodies are."
Los Angeles Times,60,"He's hardly renowned as a pin-up, which lends his fourth album's Prince-ly fixation with carnal knowledge a touch of the absurd.... Still, it's delivered with panache, thanks to Thicke's versatile pop-soul vocals and some slick production work. [Jun 2010, p.131]"

PopMatters,80,"She is singular in her ability to be among the most stylistically diverse contemporary artists of our time, without being flashy about it."
Q Magazine,80,"Its a neo-soul record. A very good one, because thats what she does, her passionate voice bringing abundant personality."
PopMatters,80,"Angie Stones fifth album, is her strongest to date, as she delivers an LP that effortlessly combines the finest elements of Neo Soul with old-skool R&B."
BBC Music,70,"Unexpected simply feels like a leap more than a step."
Clash Music,70,"Unexpected offers more musical variety than previous discs, from the lively and fun I Aint Hearing You - about a man who cant possibly be cheating - to the more formulaic Tell Me, where synthetic beats and the dreaded Auto-Tune take away from the warmth of Stones spirit and voice."
AllMusic,67,"This is precisely what her old fans expect by now, and it's unlikely to reel in many new ones."
Boston Globe,60,"Stone's impeccable vocal ensures that her past glories thrive on this new frontier. [Mar 2010, p.96]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Structurally, melodically and harmonically some of the material is formulaic but the sublime quality of Stone's vocals - especially on shimmering ballads such as Maybe and Tell Me - save the day. [Feb 2010, p. 95]"
Uncut,40,"Her fifth solo album mixes positive-message R&B, hip hop and funk with variable and often unsubstantial results. [Mar 2010, p.110]"

Mojo,80,"While not groundbreaking, Evolution of a Man shows McKnight still has a way with the ladies."
Q Magazine,70,"Mr. McKnight, perhaps as smooth an operator as R&B has seen, knows what hes pursuing here: a balance of smoldering sensuality and unguarded chivalry."
Billboard.com,67,"McKnight's goals has never been to thrill a la younger peers like The-Dream, and occasionally here he could use some edge. [30 Oct 2009, p.57]"
The New York Times,50,"Some of McKnight's devoted fanbase will find the album rather fascinating since it's a change of pace, more a collection of loose sketches than a highly polished set."

Entertainment Weekly,60,"Rod could have stepped out more energetically on this album, but his gentlemanly approach still has its merits. Plus, its great to hear these songs again."
AllMusic,58,"There's no doubting the love in that old heart of his, but Soulbook could've cut much deeper."
Boston Globe,50,"It's all pleasing enough, flowing better than the American Songbook albums, and not feeling as karaoke as the Rock album, but it's so comfortable, so easygoing, it verges on the forgettable."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"His new versions are respectful and careful, with his voice recorded in close-up. Compared to the originals, they are just about joyless."
AllMusic,40,"Alas, instead of a small, tight band and a focused, driven Rod the Mod, the project creaks with over-syrupy productions and seemingly phoned-in vocals."

The New York Times,91,"The album as a whole is bracingly unpredictable and persistently enjoyable; its an art-soul record for those who like to be challenged while theyre tapping their toes. Or vice versa."
The Guardian,90,"She remains musically mercurial and virtually unclassifiable, even if she is at her most accessible on Devil's Halo."
The A.V. Club,90,"It would seem that on this album, Ndegeocello is less concerned with how emotion strikes a person (be it love, pain, or sex), but how people relate to that emotion. And in the process she creates the tightest, most emotionally potent work shes produced since Bitter."
AllMusic,80,"For all the fraughness there are unpredictable but always apposite moments of beauty. [Jun 2010, p.128]"
PopMatters,78,"Though not as sprawlingly ambitious or experimental as the 2007 'The World Has Made Me the Man of My Dreams,' Meshell Ndegeocello's eighth release, 'Devil's Halo,' neatly straddles a line between challenging and accessible, with some of the tightest and catchiest compositions she's yet brought forth."
Q Magazine,60,"Her best album for many years illustrates her uniqueness. [Jun 2010, p.97]"
Billboard.com,40,"Lyrically her songs are as politically charged as ever, musically they're laboured experiments in style. [June 2010, p. 94]"

Uncut,88,"These Nashville-based high ministers of retro-groove--known for their muscular live sermons--broaden their gospel on CD #2."
Mojo,75,"The best songs on the bands second album Burn It Down are laid-back, Love Boat-ready ballads."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"It's appropriate that the billing for this band is the Dynamites Featuring Charles Walker, not Charles Walker & the Dynamites, because that's what Walker sounds like on this disc, a featured performer rather than a dominating one. Thus, an album by the group is basically a calling card or souvenir of their live show more than a standalone entity."
The A.V. Club,70,"The group can put down a groove (Do the Right Thing), but the band is at its best when forgoing the heavy funk in favor of a more rollicking approach."

AllMusic,90,"This wasn't the kind of record that lights up the charts--which could account for the reason it didn't appear on the shelves in late April 2002, as expected, and only earned an official release in 2009--but in many ways it's superior to the released Amplified."
PopMatters,80,"Soulful and organic, with roots in jazz and funk, Kamaal the Abstract finds Q-Tip not only rhyming in his trademark nasal cadence, but also singing--and surprisingly well to boot."
AllMusic,80,"There are few high or low moments--which might put some listeners off--but texture and content, rather than pulse-raising histrionics, have always been Q-Tip specialties."
Billboard,80,"The subtlety of musicianship on each track is quite brilliant."
Blender,80,"If we measure Q-Tip's success at 'abstractionism' in terms of how his voice, message, and golden ear complement each other to bring out hip-hop's full musical potential, then Kamaal is a clear success on the artist's own terms."
Drowned In Sound,80,"This belongs a lot more to the R&B/Neo-soul side of hip-hop; it's a terrific way for the Queens rapper to showcase his impressive skill as a musical artist."
Tiny Mix Tapes,78,"It's not that the record is so unclassifiable--shit is downright pleasant to listen to--as it exudes the confidence to acknowledge its influences and contemporaries with the same convivial grace that has marked Q-Tip's entire career."
Delusions of Adequacy,75,"Q-Tip's voice retains its loose, slippery allure, but the disc feels like a worthy experiment abandoned halfway through; it doesn't end so much as nod off."
cokemachineglow,75,"Alternately sublime and aimless, Abstract is the sound of an artist evolving on wax, and while the growing pains show, they also help make the music surprisingly resonant."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"With Kamaal, one of hip-hop's finest has once again redefined his game--and upped the ante for the whole hip-hop genre in the process."
The A.V. Club,70,"As an album, it's a joy to listen to most of the way through. It's more consistent than 'Amplified,' though not as interesting overall, and both more consistent and more interesting than 'The Renaissance.'"
Slant Magazine,67,"Buried at Track 7, the developed rhyme, unkiltered time, unsettling keyboards, and Kenny Garrett sax coda of 'Abstractionisms' deliver what the flowery 'Caring' and the endless 'Do You Dig U?' emphatically do not: the 'brand new sound' the finale only brags about."
PopMatters,63,"Kamaal the Abstract is not a great record by any means. But it is an interesting one, a unique effort by an artist struggling to mesh two disparate musical systems, gambling that inherent internal friction could spark some excitement."

MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),80,"It's all really quite astounding. Neo-soul. Yep. That's what this is. And it's damn good. Soul, neo or not, is soul, and this guy has it."
Pitchfork,80,"At worst, A Strange Arrangement has a couple lulls; at best, its one of the most enjoyable records of the summer. Highly recommended."
AllMusic,80,"The pop-soul of Hawthorne's A Strange Arrabgement sounds and feels genuinely convincing. [Oct 2009, p.100]"
Urb,80,"If anything, A Strange Arrangement will hopefully turn a new generation onto a truly remarkable time in music."
Mojo,78,"His regretful croon in the debut single, 'Just Ain't Gonna Work Out,' will have the ladies swooning, while 'Your Easy Lovin' Ain't Pleasin' Nothin'' will have listeners jazzed up and aching to cut a rug."
PopMatters,75,"By all accounts, A Strange Arrangement is a potentially star-making turn from a completely unlikely source."
Billboard.com,70,"Theres hardly an original thought here, but with arrangements so expertly composed, whos complaining?"
Prefix Magazine,70,"By layering his naive vocals and harmonizing with himself, he conjures a forceful richness, but when its just his unadorned voice, aching its way through a melody with audible strain--say, at the top of 'Shiny & New,' where he slithers in and out of the correct pitch as if drunk--his structure begins to collapse."
Spin,70,"Hawthorne's incorporation of the odd breakbeat upgrades his brand of soul into the present time--without turning it into Neo-soul. [Fall 2009, p.58]"
The New York Times,70,"With his thin but sweet croon, Mayer Hawthorne floats over the ballads, but the two best tunes are uptempo."
Under The Radar,69,"Hawthorne clearly has the ability to integrate and recreate his influences in his own compositions; it would be revelatory if he added more of his own signature sounds and soul into the music."
Rolling Stone,60,"Despite these small clunkers, there are many moments on A Strange Arrangement that show careful attention to souls craft and demonstrate a full immersion in the genre and its subtleties."
Pitchfork,60,"Retro, but in no way passe, it's little wonder that kindred spirit Mark Ronson recently proclaimed himself a fan. [Oct 2009, p.112]"
Dusted Magazine,40,"Arrangement proves that he has the skill to make for a phenomenal writer and producer, but he may not be cut out for a solo career."
Q Magazine,40,"Puny production and fey, knowing, songwriting provide little to hook the attention. [Nov 2009, p.88]"

Slant Magazine,80,"This offering sets him apart from other acts and may secure his spot in the canon of bedroom crooners."
Uncut,70,"This is as entertaining and frivolous as a one-night stand should be."
NOW Magazine,70,"Songz has really developed as a vocalist since his debut, and hes more elastic and uses his falsetto judiciously. Hes clearly got a sentimental streak, though."
AllMusic,70,"He takes cues from R. Kelly, slyly mocking the self-parodying excesses of boudoir R&B while supplying the utilitarian goods: the sumptuous vocal harmonies and sultry beats upon which long nights beneath ceiling mirrors depend."
Boston Globe,60,"While Ready is far from a perfect album, it seems Trey is learning how to inspirit his original works with the charm and inventiveness found in his freestyles and covers."
Rolling Stone,50,"Whats maddening and frustrating is that Trey has put out enough great material this year to make a truly brilliant album."

Tiny Mix Tapes,85,"The set is a nice welcome back and a new beginning for the singer."
PopMatters,80,"If you let go of your preconceptions, what youll hear is a strong soul album by a mature singer whos successfully channelling a lot of real pain in her music."
Billboard.com,75,"Though I Look to You doesn't soar like the old days, it's fine to hear Houston working on her own recovery plan."
NOW Magazine,70,"Shes tentatively climbing back into the pop machinery, no longer invincible but showing a divas determination."
Los Angeles Times,70,"I Look to You spends little time looking back. It is a modern soul record, a collection of sleek, often spunky love songs that aim at something more immediate and tangible than nostalgia or catharsis: Houston wants back in the diva stakes."
The New York Times,67,"Whitney Houston's first album in seven years, doesn't pretend to offer the unblemished 21-year-old we met on her smash 1985 debut, but it never?truly lets listeners inside the heart and head of the woman she is today."
Rolling Stone,63,"Houston's version of Leon Russell's American Idol staple 'A Song for You' works up to a deliciously cheesy club-pop climax. Still, with a pair of 'I Believe I Can Fly'style contributions from R. Kelly and a blustery Diane Warren ballad called 'I Didn't Know My Own Strength,' there's no denying the message that I Look to You was designed to hammer home. Expect fresh drama soon."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"For the most part, I Look to You manages to sound completely contemporary without the use of guest rappers, dumbed-down lyrics, or slang."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"What she undoubtedly is, is a pro--she sells these subdued glitzy productions, she makes boring songs interesting, she remains a forceful, tangible presence."
Slant Magazine,60,"The album concentrates on reinstalling Houston, never resident at R&B's cutting edge, as an unchallenging pop-soul diva. This it does with style, weaving flashes of eurodisco thump around hooky melodies."
AllMusic,60,"For all that she's miraculously clawed back here, the one thing that eludes her is the one thing that made her exceptional: her voice. Without it she's just another R&B singer, and, good as it is in places, I Look To You is just another R&B album."
The Guardian,60,"The only evidence we have is a middling album marking a new chapter in a diva's life that doesn't sound any cheerier than the chapters that went before."
Dot Music,60,"Houston has delivered an album that, despite a few middling tracks, is genuinely moving. [Nov 2009, p.95]"
musicOMH.com,60,"You can hear where the money went, even if her voice is far from the soaring force of yore. [Nov 2009, p.114]"
Mojo,40,"Houston, Weve got problems"

Q Magazine,100,"For those who like their pop delicate and unapologetically deep, this is one for turning up loud and wallowing."
Hot Press,90,"It's one of the best things you'll hear all year. Bring on the next two."
Los Angeles Times,90,"For all its dimensions and progress, the album is simultaneously designed to ensure that devoted fans will feel the wait was worth it."
BBC Music,90,"Maxwell might be delivering one course at a time, but for now, delivering one of the best albums of 2009 will sate your appetite just fine."
AllMusic,90,"The first album in a series of three (all with the same title, differing only in capitalizations) BLACKsummers'night isn't just the soul album of the year, but also a top-tier addition to the canon of a once-fizzling scene."
PopMatters,88,"It's free of gimmicks (Hey, an R&B record without Auto-Tuned vocals!) or trendy producers (No Kanye, no Timbaland; instead, guitarist Hod David does most of the work). No wonder BLACKsummers'night walks its own confident path down the artier fringe of R&B."
Sputnikmusic,80,"The first single's called 'Pretty Wings,' but the whole thing flies."
Chicago Tribune,80,"BLACKsummer'snight is a testament that Maxwell hasn't lost a beat."
Spin,80,"BLACKsummers'night is however, an impressive return to form. This is undeniably enthralling music: masterful, captivating and marvelous."
Billboard,80,"The album teeters on adult contemporary but never lets go of Maxwell's characteristic playful glint. Anyone remotely interested in his sound should pick this up."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"It represents the singer's best work since the aforesaid 'Urban Hang Suite.' [Sep 2009, p.93]"
NOW Magazine,78,"While it lacks the iconic significance of his debut, BLACKsummers'night is a record more than worthy of Maxwell's talents, because it trades the physical sensuality of his earlier work for a deep emotional resonance, the performance of an artist whose focus and attention to detail gives his expression a singular veracity."
Mojo,75,"His sentiments rarely transcend the boudoir--and listeners lulled by the album's unvaryingly sleek, high-gloss beats may just drift off to dreamland before they get there."
Pitchfork,70,"A few tracks (the fuzzy 'Fistful of Tears') miss the mark, but this is the necessary R&B return from one of our great--and seemingly lost--soulmen."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Upon first blush, there isn't much to chew on in BLACKsummers'night. Upon second pass, the absences become haunting."
Boston Globe,60,"Maxwell's voice is so unusually rich and supple that at best, as on the mercurial 'Bad Habits,' you cannot help but disregard his fondness for cliche."

Slant Magazine,70,"There are some songs with giddy-up, especially the big bounce of 'Get Involved,' featuring Timbaland and Missy Elliott. It doesnt fit with the rest of the disc, but who cares when its this great a ride with a cool Timba groove and Elliotts sly, quick verse?"
Observer Music Monthly,60,"It's a decent set of modern R&B, dominated by seductive slow jams, that stimulates a little more often than it fades into the background."
Boston Globe,60,"Ginuwines new material uses a more generic palette of sounds from R&B slow jams and gospel. Theres more song to them, more piano-ballad chords and swirling Isley Brothers guitars, and more mediocrity."
AllMusic,60,"Ginuwine sounds more than comfortable throughout, and succeeds in making fundamental R&B with a good deal of replayability."
The New York Times,50,"A handful of uptempo highlights aside, the rest of the disc turns out to be an unduly generous helping of syrupy bedroom pleas that'll have you wishing Ginuwine had decided to keep some of those Thoughts to himself."
NOW Magazine,50,"With only a few exceptions, the material here doesn't live up to his performances, making the music easier to admire than to enjoy."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"Its a serviceable album, but for an artist like Ginuwine, who created three near perfect albums, this is a cynical attempt to stay relevant."
Los Angeles Times,50,"It's not as if he overdoes the sexism or sounds like a total lame, although his voice does crack slightly."
PopMatters,40,"It almost inevitably fails to live up to those lofty aspirations. [Nov 2009, p.114]"
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),20,"Poor mans Usher wallows in hip-hop cliches."

Q Magazine,80,"Thanks to Richie's confidently grown-up vocals and his consistently mature subject matter--here's a guy whose romantic timeline stretches past tonight to 'Forever and a Day,' as one track puts it--Just Go never sounds calculated or desperate."
Hot Press,80,"'You' in this case is a placeholder for Mr. Richies core demographic, which skews overwhelmingly female, and generally older than any of his kids. But if that makes Just Go a textbook adult-contemporary album, it also lends credible emotional footing to the songs."
Billboard,70,"The superstars first album in three years is a solid, if not consistently energized tribute album to Lionel Richie."
The New York Times,60,"It's been produced to the lushest AOR standards by an array of expensive talent, including Stargate and Akon, and finds Richie in reliably smooth voice, ruminating placidly about love."
Vibe,60,"Just Go, slightly more so than Coming Home, tends to be a happy (and comforting) medium between Richie's familiar approach and contemporary R&B."
The Guardian,58,"On his ninth studio album, undifferentiated swaths of midtempo digital groove leave one longing for the (relative) analog authenticity of vintage Lionel."

AllMusic,80,"At her best, her pace is furious, and keeping up is exhilarating."
Entertainment Weekly,75,"Her solo turn on the morning-after ballad 'I Don't Remember' hints at something deeper under the high-gloss sheen"
The Guardian,63,"Originally intended as a triptych divided into one hip-hop-flavored disc, another featuring futuristic club cuts and yet another of seductive ballads, this final version is intriguing but inconsistent."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Even if Ciara imaginatively develops the 'Super C' superhero introduced in the disc's booklet, she and her collaborators will have to work extra hard on the next album to ensure that she does not stall in a creative cul de sac."
Los Angeles Times,60,"While Fantasy Ride doesn't include as many obvious peaks as Ciara's previous discs, the only major disaster is 'Like a Surgeon,' which is filled with creepy, ill-conceived metaphors for sex and should not to be confused with Weird Al's 'Like a Virgin' parody. And that makes Fantasy Ride Ciara's smoothest ride to date."
AllMusic,60,"If she's sweating, though, it's not audible. As per usual Ciara, a singer who prizes rhythm over texture and technical fluency, can't do much to outmaneuver the beats, which are consistently inventive here."
Slant Magazine,60,"Ciara is most comfortable in the nook of choreography-driven tracks....What Fantasy Ride lacks are the career-defining highs of songs like 'Promise' and 'Like a Boy,' songs that were romantic and indelible and altogether original."
The New York Times,60,"On 'High Price,' where she takes her vocals to an opera-like pitch, and her collaboration with the-Dream, 'Lover's Things,' whose faint tenor would seem like an ideal match, Ciara seems to go almost unnoticed. Thankfully, 'Work,' featuring Missy Elliott, has Ciara showing fly-girl antics over a house-like, clap-laden production, and the breakup song 'Never Ever,' featuring Young Jeezy, which samples 'If You Don't Know Me by Now,' pick up the slack."
Vibe,60,"The pros outweigh the cons on Fantasy Ride, but the overall experience might fall a little short for seasoned fans."
Billboard,60,"Fantasy Ride is at worst a highly competent contemporary R&B album. It's also oftentimes thrilling, which is no small feat considering how much the album was labored over and how often its format and players were changed."
NOW Magazine,50,"On her third release, the queen of the club wastes way too much time trying to convince the listener that she's some kind of chanteuse....When she puts the emphasis back on the groove, which is about half the album, however, Ciara soars."
PopMatters,50,"Ciara sounds a bit incidental on her third disc's dance jams. She fares even worse whenever the tempo drops, thanks to meek vocals and a stale sensibility."
Boston Globe,50,"It's not just that 'Love Sex Magic' is the highlight, it's Fantasy Ride's only saving grace."
Rolling Stone,44,"A few brilliant left turns that feel almost accidental mixed in with a sort of end-times hunger for a top-40 audience that doesn't seem to exist anymore."

Dot Music,88,"Michele is more wry than most feel-good sisters, and never sentimental. She doesn't offer any solutions to the predicament of women caught up in sweet, rough love; like those blues queens of yore, she just takes you there. The journey is gift enough."
Pitchfork,80,"Chrisette Michele has delivered a consummate R&B album: controlled, beautiful, thoughtful, with some oomph. The cameos are sparse, the up-tempo tracks are still soulful and the perils of love are dominant."
Los Angeles Times,80,"While the material is strong, this is all about Michele's stylish but subtle vocalizing and its jazzy inflections and nuances."
Vibe,80,"She continues to lay down the law on 'Porcelain Doll' and 'Another One,' both of which find her claiming she is a 'grown woman' over a choir-like production and acoustic guitars, respectively. But not all is heartbreak on the mature-sounding set."
Boston Globe,80,"Despite the fact that you know that the album is designed to appeal to a mass audience--whatever that means--it feels more organic and lived-in than the neo-soul/jazz music that the industry is trying to steer Michele away from."
Billboard,70,"Chrisette, naturally, sounds outstanding throughout, as a supernaturally talented vocalist whose songs are nonetheless easily relatable to anyone going through a breakup--or, to a significantly lesser extent here, newfound love--but the album could have really used more rhythmic punch than a token throwback strutter."
PopMatters,60,"As pianos flutter and faint bass lines pulse in these sultry mid-tempo gentlemen's ballads--written and co-produced by Ne-Yo, who also guests on 'What You Do'--she makes those kiss-offs go down easy."
AllMusic,60,"The entire album is executive produced by Ne-Yo, which gives Epiphany both a more modern R&B edge as well as a more unified sound than Michele's 2007 debut--which could be good or bad, depending on how you look at it."
Rolling Stone,50,"While it makes a virtue of Michele's strong-female fortitude, Epiphany rarely balances that heat with hooks."
Slant Magazine,40,"Epiphany is an unusually labored album, two artists missing each other at the pass."

Entertainment Weekly,83,"No, nothing on Potato Hole is as unassailable as vintage MGs cuts like 'Green Onions' and 'Time Is Tight.' But the set's authoritative blend of grit and melody is mostly pretty ace."
The New York Times,80,"the guests' reverence for Booker T. is clear--the Truckers, as they did when they recently backed Bettye LaVette, know when to muscle up (on 'Pound It Out') and how to hang back (on moving, B3-powered track 'She Breaks,' a sweet, shimmering number filled with references to Booker T.'s awesome past)."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"There are no chart-baiting superstar guest vocalists or gimmicks, just gut-punching, funky, loose-limbed, rock 'n' soul jams recorded in down-and-dirty sessions without an inch of fat."
Billboard,80,"Potato Hole proves as extraordinary, delirious and laugh-out-loud weird as anyone might dare hope."
Boston Globe,80,"Booker T. Jones, the organist who led the M.G.s on their own and as the Stax-Volt studio band on countless Memphis soul classics, sounds more pithy and forceful than ever on Potato Hole, an album of rock and soul instrumentals."
Uncut,70,"Potato Hole isn't a slab of greasy Stax soul, either. It is what it is, a new Booker T. Jones album, and hopefully it won't take another 20 years to get to the next one."
The New York Times,70,"A noodling version of the Truckers' own 'Space City' wanders a little too aimlessly to close, but Potato Hole overall is a subtle album with enough fire to prove that Jones can still bring the heat."
AllMusic,67,"Booker T. is more a frontman than a bandleader here, which makes Potato Hole sound less like a solo album and more like a band project."
Hartford Courant,67,"OutKast's 'Hey Ya' cooks Shakey's bio-diesel, while his brief solo on 'Native New Yorker' buffs a thoroughbred coat, and Tom Waits' 'Get Behind the Mule' pushes the heated end of the beast."
Paste Magazine,60,"The originals feel like old standards. But the cover of OutKast's 'Hey Ya' is the zinger: It's Southern race-mixing party music come full circle."
Austin Chronicle,60,"This album is back-to-basics rock and soul; you wont find any further ploys to appease contemporary audiences, and therein lies its charm."
Rolling Stone,60,"While all of this might come across as an indictment of the album, its really not a colossal failure at all--because regardless of its inability to live up to the admittedly lofty expectations of the ensemble cast, its clear all involved are having one hell of a good time."
NOW Magazine,40,"Soul is only as good as its rhythm section and Drive-By Truckers are just not up to the job, obliterating subtle originals and OutKast and Tom Waits covers with bashing, crashing drums and plodding bass. A missed opportunity. [May 2009, p.97]"
PopMatters,20,"A sad waste of everyone's time. [Jun 2009, p.119]"

Mojo,70,"Keeping a good thing going, Uncle Charlie follows the formula of the former Gap Band vocalist's previous release, 'Charlie, Last Name Wilson,' which climbed to number ten on Billboard's album chart."
Q Magazine,70,"Those familiar with '80s funk trio the Gap Band will find a decidedly modern R&B sound on the second Jive solo album from frontman Charlie Wilson, which by turns is both riveting and a little disappointing."
AllMusic,70,"Songs like 'Love, Love, Love,' and 'Can't Live Without You' create the quintessential formula for a classic two-step and Wilson is sure to dazzle longtime fans with the more easygoing numbers. But sleepier tracks like 'One Time,' border on clichd at times."
Billboard,60,"A third of the songs are about hooking up with ladies, a third are heartfelt ballads to lovers, and a third are break-up songs. It's the lifecycle of a relationship, over and over. I'm not convinced by it, but it's working for him."

Vibe,80,"Although more upbeat than its predecessor, Vol. 2 requires some time spent listening. Those who do so will be richly rewarded."
RapReviews.com,80,"Testimony: Vol. 2, Love & Politics is proof that not only can Arie step out of her comfort zone of relationships and self-appreciation, but she can jog up a few levels as well."
Billboard,70,"A good half of Love & Politics begins to wilt upon closer examination as Arie's blissed-out self-help affirmations posing as lyrics start to penetrate....But whether she's singing clunky therapy metaphors or spinning out more elegant turns of phrase, Arie's raspy voice is always in top form."
Vibe,70,"Theres a limit to how many self-help platitudes a song can bear, and its certainly exceeded in 'A Beautiful Day,' with lines like, Theres only one you/Just take a moment to give thanks for who you are. But with a brisk, pulsating track and boundless anticipation in her voice, India.Arie comes close to making the truisms ring true."
Boston Globe,70,"The tone of the relationship songs is more upbeat, and even occasionally lighthearted, relative to those of 'Testimony: Vol. 1,' adding a pleasant contrast to the more serious material."
The New York Times,70,"While its safe to say that Testimony Vol. 2 wont catch on in todays instant gratification-type climate, its an album thats a satisfying listen straight through."
AllMusic,58,"The result feels like a lecture from the class goody-goody: instructive yet tedious."

PopMatters,83,"Doolittle channels Tina Turner and Aretha Franklin over live-band arrangements that feel fresh-faced and old-school at the same time."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Doolittle is nothing if not steady, making all the right moves at the right times, sounding at once like a seasoned pro and someone who feels everything she sings while never forcing or faking anything out. It's one of the smartest, most likable albums from an American Idol alum yet."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Unlike other albums maniacally programmed to target every pop niche (hello Jennifer Hudson!), Doolittle delivers one of the rarer qualities youll find in a contemporary album: a clear sense of who she is."
AllMusic,70,"That her backup occasionally lets her down, though, ultimately speaks to how confident Doolittle sounds here. Coming Back to You is an impressive opening salvo--even without the 'for an American Idol' qualifier."
Vibe,70,"While Ms. Doolittle does well with these hand-me-downs, the process feels oddly like a sequel to the Idol experience."
Slant Magazine,70,"Its pop music, and the surface sounds great--and maybe thats enough in pop music.  But Coming Back to You feels a little but deeper, and thats not a bad thing either."

The New York Times,83,"OnMyRadio is a welcome departure from previous work, which started to all sound the same around 2003's 'Soulstar.'"
PopMatters,80,"The album isnt such a departure after all. Beyond that aberrant (abhorrent?) single, its tone is imploring and the sound is warm."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"A couple dramatic moments don't quite take full flight, and a handful of tracks are tepid and unmemorable, but OnMyRadio is mostly another set of sturdily constructed laid-back R&B."
The New York Times,70,"If theres something the gifted singer-songwriter might want to learn, though, its the art of writing more memorable song lyrics."
AllMusic,70,"With his fifth album, he pretty much follows his Philly soul formula (even though he now lives in Atlanta), gliding his lithe vocals over keys and an acoustic instrumental dynamic that allow him to shine."
Vibe,63,"The downside of this open-armed approach is a lack of sonic specificity; OnMyRadio occasionally blands out into a nondescript stew of melismatic vocals and slow-jam beats."

Boston Globe,83,"I Am...Sasha Fierce does offer two compelling sides of the singer."
The Boston Phoenix,75,"My advice is to skip directly to disc two, though I'm happy to report that the typically melismatic Mrs. Jigga shows a shocking degree of vocal restraint on the ballads."
Entertainment Weekly,75,"There are three good songs on this 11-track artifact, and deeply vapid though the split-personality bit is, the trick of dividing the album into two CDs does leave a 17-minute dance disc that can be played without gastric distress by any purchaser who isn't picky about diva gangstaism or videophone porn."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"She's not there yet, but the effort is fascinating, and hopefully she will keep on this path."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),70,"It's the classic, more timeless R&B songs on the I Am portion of the album that seem like a much-welcomed stretch for the singer."
Los Angeles Times,70,"For the most part, it works well and sounds fresh."
Billboard,70,"Though some of the slow songs have thoroughly memorable tunes, the lyrics are full of bland self-affirmation and saggy lines....But the 'Sasha' disc boasts Beyonce's most adventurous music yet."
Boston Globe,70,"Ironically, it's the more tame (and nameless) persona that's the most intriguing, commanding and sexual."
Rolling Stone,70,"The ballads are nice enough, in a syrupy, overwrought way. But slamming dance songs have always been Beyonc's strength, so it's no surprise that the 'Sasha Fierce' half of the album is the better showing."
Vibe,67,"The two halves wouldn't necessarily sound better shuffled together--both are pretty uneven."
Hartford Courant,60,"I Am...Sasha Fierce is an admirable vie for artistic credibility (and for a last-ditch revival of the long-player format) but one that is muddled by the fact that the album is being offered in two configurations."
The A.V. Club,60,"It's not just that the music on I Am ... is boring--although, aside from the growling guitars and tumbling drums of That's Why You're Beautiful, it is. It's that there is something underwhelming about the whole project."
Slant Magazine,60,"Beyonce still proves that she's an all-around good performer even though her attempt to branch out into an alter ego fails a little."
The Guardian,60,"Whats revealed is...well, what were used to. Beyonce is still a beauty-shop feminist, quick with the smack-downs, and she still describes the rattling rush of love with preternatural poise."
Hot Press,60,"I Am Sasha Fierce had an opportunity to be a great record. Instead, it's merely good. And for a diva such as Beyonc, that's not entirely acceptable."
Blender,57,"While this LP is more painstaking than B'Day, the extra effort dulls any emotional wallop; 'B'Day,' in all its hectic glory, offered a much more vivid peek into the elusive mind of Beyonc than Sasha Fierce, which often reads more like projection than reality."
PopMatters,50,"While an interesting concept, neither CD contains enough strong material to match up to either of her previous releases, and at times, the constant barrage of R&B cliches and adult-contemporary production make it sound like Beyonce is rapidly transforming from hot, hip pop goddess to your standard bored diva."
Pitchfork,50,"Beyonce's third solo studio album is as concise as 2006's B'day, but it is divided into two discs as a way to emphasize the singer's distinct personalities. It's a gimmick, of course--a flimsy one."
Sputnikmusic,40,"But OutKast's 'Speakerboxxx/The Love Below' aside, it's debatable whether there has been call for a double album since 'Sign O' the Times' in 1987, and this is clearly another case for the prosecution."
AllMusic,40,"Unfortunately, the 'deluxe edition' is bloated with filler, and the shorter 'standard edition' omits some of the more creative songs instead of dropping the duds."
Observer Music Monthly,40,"It's more a rescinded lesson in demographics, with disc one seemingly aimed at airbrushing out the last vestiges of Knowles' credibility in favour of a procession of lame pop ballads in a Shakira or even Shania Twain-ish mould."
NOW Magazine,40,"Sasha is an intriguing but diluted direction."
Dot Music,35,"On the first disc (I Am), Knowles comes off helpless and as emotionally closed as ever....The Sasha Fierce side is more like it. Here, Knowles works her confident, fun alter-ego. Still, she overdoes it on 'Diva.'"
Spin,30,"I am...amused. But it's sort of like the horrific fascination of seeing a train wreck."

Paste Magazine,83,"Detailing his fidelity on one track, elongating a lap dance on another, he's a decent guy in conceptual command of an aesthetic he invented."
cokemachineglow,80,"He has a point, though, and on Thr33 Ringz, his third album, he makes the case for his misunderstood genius."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),80,"Since his 2005 debut, T-Pain has seen his Auto-Tuned swagger jacked by everyone from Kanye to Lil Wayne, but he has kept his sound fresh with a bottomless bag of hooks and a grainy rasp that the computers cant buff away."
The New York Times,75,"On Thr33 Ringz, more than ever, that robotic voice is just part of an effort to reconcile cold technology and warm soul."
Blender,75,"The third album from T-Pain, Thr33 Ringz, finds him once again attempting to master the triple threats--rapping, singing and producing. That it turns out to be incredibly formulaic and slavishly apes his sophomore effort ('Epiphany') proves only to be a minor deterrent, since almost everything here is upscaled."
Entertainment Weekly,75,"Ringz won't convert any non-believers, but for fans (auto) tuned into Pain's gleefully synthetic, excessive wavelength, he continues to deliver the guiltiest of pleasures."
RapReviews.com,75,"So if Thr33 Ringz fails to shock, consider also that it fails to disappoint."
The A.V. Club,70,"Thr33 Ringz shows what sets T-Pain apart. He's an inventive producer, enveloping radio-friendly hooks in Auto-Tune wackiness."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"Like a garish version of his label boss Akon, he's a singer/songwriter/producer who doesn't evolve much over this avalanche of releases and guest shots, but Thr33 Ringz proves he's much more aware of his limitations."
Rolling Stone,70,"Even when veering wildly away from good sense--and 'Change' is hardly a sensical move--theres an unwitting pop hit right around the bend."
AllMusic,60,"T-Pain saves his finest moment for his clients, but Thr33 Ringz' humour is still superbly crass and mostly enjoyable, especially when allied with the skittering beats and post-funk bounce of 'Freeze,' or the ominous chants and booming drums of 'Karaoke.'"
Village Voice,60,"Like Pain's guest spots, the album's all over the place, from forlorn strip-club love numbers to songs that sound like Jodeci slow jams converted to digital."
The Guardian,60,"'Ringleader Man,' remind you that whatever his vocal limitations, T-Pain has reintroduced the idea of melody to urban music, which is no small feat. However, predictable overkill of both the signature AutoTune warble and guest stars (Ludacris, Ciara, Akon, et al) obscures that accomplishment."
Boston Globe,60,"Thr33 Ringz emerges as such a polished and self-fulfilling collection of hip-pop singles that it almost makes one wonder why T-Pain insists on drawing attention to the most derivative aspect of his musical career at the expense of some of his other, modest but real talents."
Hartford Courant,60,"If you already hate him, nothing on this disc will change your mind. But some surprisingly creative moments throughout the album will likely inspire hundreds of clones over the next year."
Slant Magazine,50,"With a hot guest list (Ciara, T.I.), this is bound to bump the clubs, but beyond that, it's clown time."
NOW Magazine,50,"What this record ultimately boils down to is whether or not youre tired of the incessant vocoder effect. If you are, this really isnt for you. But if its little more than a mainstream trend, T-Pain does it better than anyone."

Spin,80,"What makes Soul an overall success isn't just Seal's caressing vocals and obvious knowledge of how to interpret these songs faithfully without drifting away; it's the subtle yet effective production work of 15-time Grammy-winning producer David Foster."
PopMatters,70,"Seal's David Foster-produced tribute to classic soul is a figure skater of a collection, all elegance and grace. But some of these songs require the more aggressive approach of a hockey player."
AllMusic,67,"As always, Seal sounds great; age has relaxed his singing, and that lends the material an appropriately lived-in vibe."
Billboard,50,"Bringing in superstar producer David Foster (he of Celebrity Duets) to helm production made sense too but the problem with Soul is that it just seems focus-grouped to death."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"The songs he has chosen--have been reinterpreted so many thousands of times, he'd have to reinvent them to get anyone to pay attention, and the only thing new that Seal brings to the party is a feeling of swank Euro-sophistication that saps the music of much of its emotional oomph."
PopMatters,50,"His signature baritone, with its raspy textures and controlled intensity fits well with Southern soulster styles. However, he rarely diverts far from the original arrangements."
Rolling Stone,50,"As it turns out, the 45-year-old English singer's exploration of Soul comes up short in interpretation as it retreads ground long since broken by others."
Village Voice,40,"If it ain't broke, don't fix it! Seal re-visits some soul classics, but dresses them up in a way that turns pure gold into something of a different color."

Hartford Courant,83,"The makeover works for the most part--even if there's something a little absurd about hearing him proposition a platonic friend ('Cross the Line') or someone he's met moments before ('Quickly') in that barbershop-quartet croon."
Hot Press,80,"'Once Again' remains Legend's best record. But Evolver, in all its modernity and timeliness, may well become his biggest."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"This album, like everything else Legend has done, showcases his skill as an artist, but it lacks the passion that would help him reach the Stevie Wonder status he strives for."
Dot Music,80,"Known for his skills on the keys and a voice that retains a lovely purity, even in falsetto territory, Legend does indeed evolve with this record."
NOW Magazine,75,"Evolver is still grown-man party music though, and it should go a long way toward preserving his urban-boho reputation while breaking free of any NPR&B stasis in his songwriting."
Paste Magazine,75,"Smooth to a fault, Evolver solidifies Legend's standing in the pantheon of good soul singers, but greatness continues to elude him."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Legend's voice remains beyond reproach, but for a guy who's an oasis of style and soul in a sea of synthetic, robo-call R&B, at times it seems like he's playing catch-up."
The A.V. Club,70,"Legend can be goody-goody, but aspirational babymaking music doesn't get more skillful than this."
Billboard,70,"With reverberations and a choral backdrop straight out of Seal, its his only overreach. Mr. Legend is more charming one-on-one."
Rolling Stone,70,"Evolver delivers what it promises: A singer, songwriter and musician pushing himself to grow. This is a good first step."
The New York Times,70,"As the dying industry is still breathing in the toxins of useless filler, patrons like John Legend are fully indulging their creativity in all its flawed glory, just like the soul giants of yesteryear."
Hartford Courant,70,"As the title suggests, Legend is a work-in-progress, and this stage in his evolution is worth hearing."
Village Voice,70,"This more electronic, less organic version of John Legend is more or less as enjoyable as the balladeer stuck behind the piano."
Boston Globe,60,"For a change, Legend doesn't constantly sound as though he's trying to impress the VH1 cognoscenti with his impeccable musicality. Sure, that's to say it's occasionally dumb, but oh so approachable."
PopMatters,60,"As on Legend's previous two efforts, his balladry can tend towards the beige, and oatmeal slow jams such as 'Cross the Line' prove unmemorable; but the innate warmth of Legend's voice mostly carries his material."
Slant Magazine,60,"Though he's unlikely to encounter much trouble selling these romantic conceits to his female-heavy fan base, some of the scenarios on John Legend's third studio album could be fresher"
The Guardian,60,"Though it doesn't exactly live up to its name, Legend manages to capture the optimistic sprit of Barack Obama in"
Spin,60,"This is a good album, but there's a pull between the commercial and the more left-field. [Dec 2008, p.104]"
Hot Press,60,"This third album is more in the same gold-standard, singer-songwriterly vien. [Dec 2008, p.130]"
Mojo,40,"Easily the least accomplished of his albums, Evolver is nonetheless a refreshing change of sorts, for all its faults, at least as far as missteps are concerned."
Q Magazine,40,"Prince made sexual audacity a trademark ages ago, but Legend is just too cautious to put it over--he sounds like a CPA on his first trip to the Hustler Club."
AllMusic,30,"On his third full-length, the charisma that launched Legends career fails to grease the gears of a scattered and lethargic song cycle, one where he shuffles through various shades of adult contemporary and is repeatedly upstaged by high-profile guest appearances."

Blender,83,"Although the album's effervescent club feel tapers off near the end, when the songs grow forumlaic, the album's charm could still give Williams a shot at the charts. [10 Oct 2008, p.71]"
Paste Magazine,70,"Unexpected is natural, pleasant and brutally honest, opening the eyes of those who slept on Williams' skills."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Unexpected does boast a handful of shiny electro-R&B gems ('Hello Heartbreak,' 'We Break the Dawn') that make Williams' journey from church to club as enjoyable as it was inevitable."
Vibe,60,"Unexpected is a fairly decent album and by far the least pretentious, unashamedly pop record to be made by a DC member so far."
Billboard,20,"Cutting to the chase, this album is full of Rihanna b-sides that sound like a carbon copy of everything in the charts right now and are completely personality free."

Slant Magazine,70,"Despite its flaws, Hudson's debut comes on much like her 'Dreamgirls' character, with admirable self-assurance and real-girl sensuality."
Hot Press,70,"Hudson is so comfortable with singing--whatever the song might be--that she elevates the material, making it sound like nothing you've ever heard before. All hail the new diva."
Boston Globe,67,"None are exceptional, but they're all a sufficient delivery system for those spectacular vocal chops."
Billboard,50,"Few vocalists as young as Hudson have a voice that is as versatile and expressive, proficient enough to pull off a multi-dimensional set of R&B songs, yet her debut is as tricked out as that of an artist with a small fraction of the talent."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"By the time Jennifer Hudson gets back to good old-fashioned balladry, it's too late: we're saddled with the same Diane Warren song ('You Pulled Me Through') we've heard at least a dozen times before; a ridiculously trite and histrionic you-stole-my-man duet with fellow A.I. alum Fantasia ('I'm His Only Woman') we've heard at least a half-dozen times before; another Stargate/Ne-Yo concoction we've heard...well, you get the point."
AllMusic,50,"She has a magnificent voice that deserves a lot better than this formulaic pop and soul."
Slant Magazine,50,"Stylistics paralyze Hudson's debut, but it is her impassioned talent that keeps the album on life support."

Hartford Courant,88,"It's no surprise that Ne-Yo sings about women on his excellent third album, Year of the Gentleman."
Vibe,83,"On his third disc in as many years, the 28-year-old Southerner with the Michael Jackson falsetto not only wears his heart on his sleeve, he lets it bleed down his (no doubt high-thread-count) cuff."
Los Angeles Times,80,"The 28-year-old singer-songwriter says his latest collection of heartfelt love songs is a tribute to the Rat Pack's pressed-suit style, but it's actually a superb concept album about what a great boyfriend he can be."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"His way with a melody is unstoppable, made all the more effective by his understated, no-frills approach to performing."
Rolling Stone,80,"'Why Does She Stay,' forms the front end of a two-track patch of glorious gloom--the album's center, both literally and figuratively--complemented by 'Fade into the Background,' where he watches the one who got away get married."
The Guardian,80,"Ne-Yo's fantastic third CD, The Year of the Gentleman, reconfigures 'grown and sexy' by detailing relationships with an often uneasy mix of heartache, reflection, wit, lust, and resignation."
AllMusic,80,"Ne-Yo is a stronger, more confident man than the one many remember licking his wounds on 'So Sick' from his debut album 'In My Own Words' and 'Do You' from 2007s 'Because of You.'"
Village Voice,80,"It's Shaffer's writing, rather than Ne-Yo's singing (and the distinction between the personas is one he's made himself), which elevates this collection beyond those of his peers."
Vibe,70,"[He said] wanted to take a different direction on Year of the Gentleman. However, it seems he still has a heavy--yet welcome--case of the (rhythm and) blues on the finished product."
Dot Music,70,"Year of the Gentleman proves that a contemporary artist can appeal to the youth while still writing songs that are lyrically substantial enough for the older folks to appreciate."
Billboard,60,"So, even if the album eventually succumbs to Mariah Carey LP-balladitis, and even if it never quite soars like Justified (which had the benefit of that inner conflict between sensitivity and pussy-hounding that Ne-Yo couldn't fake if he tried), Gentlemen's complete lack of irony or humor makes for an ironically surprising listen."
PopMatters,58,"With his latest, Ne-Yo's winning groove devolves into a rut, and his quiet storm gets awfully sleepy"

Slant Magazine,100,"Backed by a galvanizing ensemble of musicians that would make the Funk Brothers proud, Saadiq belts out effervescent love songs with infectious vigor."
The A.V. Club,100,"He goes Motown with so much joy in one-man-band craft he'll not only convince the girl he's sweet-talking that this is forever, he'll convince you."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"With a supple tenor that glides up easily into Smokey Robinson territory, the former Tony! Toni! Ton! frontman has crafted a filler-free album that evokes classic Northern soul without sounding slavish."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),80,"Here's where a modern master, backed by living and breathing session musicians (including Funk Brother Jack Ashford), masters the masters with startling accuracy."
Rolling Stone,80,"Saadiq is a romantic who stays true to the deliberate simplicity of such titles as 'Sure Hope You Mean It' and 'Just One Kiss.' But his adaptable baritone is always crisp and cocky--he never threatens to assume the fetal position if he doesnt get the extreme cuddling he craves."
AllMusic,80,"The Way I See It doesn't break any new ground, but it's a very well-executed homage that serves to remind that classic soul is timeless."
Blender,80,"While the new direction is sturdy and refreshing, there is something comfortably familiar about it. The vintage shoes fit Saadiq, and he wears them well."
Hartford Courant,80,"Even while Saadiq pays homage to soul's golden era, he brings his own flavor through his tell-tale tenor; still, if it ain't your cup of tea, just slip this in your parents' record collection and they won't notice a thing."
Vibe,80,"On his third solo outing (and first for Columbia), songwriter/producer Raphael Saadiq takes the listener on a smooth carpet ride that seamlessly weaves the feel-good essence of soul music's storied roots."
Village Voice,80,"On his latest effort, Saadiq creates a seamless, supremely melodic set that evokes '60s and '70s soul."
Billboard,80,"This is instant vintage."
Boston Globe,80,"Perhaps those earliest Detroit grooves are truly inimitable after all. But if you want to hear someone give the task one hell of a shot, The Way I See It affords the finest view."
NOW Magazine,80,"The album was Grammy-nominated, and deservedly so."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"It's Saadiq's fine songs--notably the showstopping slow-jam 'Oh Girl'--that makes The Way I See It less a homage, more a timelessly enjoyable 42 minutes. [May 2009, p.97]"
The Guardian,78,"Tony! Toni! Ton! has done it again!"
Uncut,70,"The Way I See It isn't going to blow any minds, but it might open a few eyes."
Austin Chronicle,68,"It's actually refreshing, then, to hear a record like Raphael Saadiq's unabashedly retro The Way I See It, which doesn't try to 'update' old soul sounds to a hip-hop world and a white singer."
Sputnikmusic,60,"The Way I See It is refreshingly different, eminently listenable. [Apr 2009, p.110]"
Pitchfork,60,"What's lacking from the Oakland native is the kind of fresh approach to a retro sound that elevated Amy Winehouse above straight homage. [Apr 2009, p.110]"
Mojo,50,"He is committed to the material--that is certain--but despite the original songs, an undeniable sense of dj vu detracts from his fine performances."

Q Magazine,83,"The younger Ms. Knowles cooks up tasty variations on old-recipes. [5 Sep 2008, p.77]"
PopMatters,80,"In spots, it sags, and a couple tracks seem more like sketches than neatly bundled songs, yet it's one of the year's more entertaining and easily enjoyable R&B releases, fronted by someone who does not take herself all that seriously."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Elsewhere the album could be either too relaxed or too eccentric for many. But it's a fine, rich and extremely likeable record, nonetheless, and it deserves to find its audience even without that famous surname."
AllMusic,80,"The various elements are spun like syrup round a spoon; creating a deliciously moreish concoction, the sort youll want to dip into time and again."
Dot Music,73,"It's not a case of Solange performing best when she jettisons her ambition, but rather her need to find a way to let her avant inclinations work with rather than against her pop instincts, and maybe the best way for that to happen is to let the former emerge organically through the latter."
Hot Press,70,"On her sophomore set, Solange not only takes on a sound that differs from her pop-driven 2002 debut, but demonstrates that unlike her sister Beyonc--who she vehemently refutes comparisons to on 'God Given Name'--she has no reservations about sharing personal experiences."
Pitchfork,70,"This is a peppy album, rich with thumping horns, crisp percussion and light piano melodies. As homage, its impressive. But Solange cant quite keep up."
Billboard,70,"Solange combines retro warmth and current cool in ways her more commercially successful sibling probably can't."
The New York Times,70,"This is such a smartly executed, classy set of songs that's miles away from the hoochie pop being turned out by young female R&B vocalists these days.... As long as she keeps things flowing and upbeat, things hum and only the two gauzy ballads (including a duet with the undervalued Bilal on 'Cosmic Journey') miss the mark."
Hartford Courant,70,"Venturing off into the unknown plays well for Solange--the mix of organic, old-school instrumentation and more electronic elements makes for a loose, fun and reverent record."
Boston Globe,67,"Sol-Angel and the Hadley St. Dreams is as silly, day-glo, eccentric, and all over the place as its title."
Slant Magazine,60,"Sol-Angel is savvy R&B with a gloss you can check your reflection in, but it falls short of what she intended: to make the record Dusty Springfield or Minnie Riperton would have made, were they around in 2008."
cokemachineglow,60,"Sol-angel and the Hadley St. Dreams boasts Thievery Corporation at the production helm, giving little Knowles' album a sophisticated sonic texture of jazzy pop, lounge inflections, and brassy drama."
The Guardian,50,"Solange simply doesn't have the pipes to pull off her songs, and her attempts at 'mystical' psychedelic-soul (the six-minute-plus opus 'Cosmic Journey') are embarrassing."

Urb,80,"The concept behind Simply Grand was to pair Thomas with a different star pianist on each track, and the results are mostly stunning."
Rolling Stone,80,"Concept albums like this can be a mess, but this one justifies its title: it's both simple and grand."
Billboard,80,"Ms. Thomas sings warmly and forthrightly amid the two-fisted rumbas, R&B vamps, jazz ballads and barrelhouse flourishes. And without getting heavy-handed the song choices havent forgotten what happened to her beloved city."
The Guardian,80,"Simply Grand is an album whose charms are too subtle to catch on the first spin or third, but enough listens will make it clear that the album's title is nothing more than a statement of fact."
The New York Times,80,"Her voice is rich, finely textured, and more expressive now than when it hit r&b charts in the 1960s. But her recordings can sound monotonous. That's not true here."
Boston Globe,80,"Best of all, though, in these 14 piano-driven, acoustic settings is the pure, lustrous Thomas approach to everything from blues-drenched soul to chic jazz balladry."
Village Voice,80,"Simply Grand is the perfect showcase for Thomass impressive range and understated power."
Hartford Courant,80,"The tunes are old and new, borrowed and blue, but Thomas makes them all her own."
NOW Magazine,72,"Take one of the worlds finest singers, pair her with a wide variety of pianists and a selection of impeccably chosen songs, and you get an album of elegant passion and restraint."
AllMusic,70,"Thomas' versions of these stark, powerful tunes help Simply Grand live up to its title."
Paste Magazine,60,"Not all of the compositions here strike gold."
Rolling Stone,60,"Irma and producer Scott Billington have devised the perfect setting. [Sep 2008, p.1000]"

PopMatters,80,"Lyrically, Polite rarely strays far from a seducer's template, but the way in which he sells the cliche is compelling."
Mojo,70,"Lloyd still serves up a satisfying sophomore suite."
The Guardian,60,"Between 'I'm Wit It,' 'Girls,' and a couple other standouts, Lessons and Love cannot be dismissed, but Lloyd will have to really change it up with his fourth album to evade a real holding pattern."
Billboard,60,"Unlike its predecessor, which gave Lloyds tender alto room to breathe, much of the production here is gooey and distracting, too dense for Lloyd to make a dent in."
AllMusic,60,"Throughout Lessons in Love, Lloyd sounds like he's actually having fun dishing out come-ons, adding an emphatic exuberance to each one."
The New York Times,60,"Certainly it's a listenable set--well produced, well-sung and, well, dull."
Rolling Stone,58,"For the most part, this is a bland blur of midtempo grooves and sub-R. Kelly metaphors. [8 Aug 2008]"
Boston Globe,50,"Lessons is largely comprised of heavy-beated, midtempo balladsa trend that is, admittedly, preferable to the schmaltzy AC ballads of the '90s and the drippy baby-makin' jams of the recent past."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"This handful of keepers is unfortunately not enough to redeem what is otherwise an entire records worth of vapidity."
Slant Magazine,20,"Dismal offering from would-be R&B Lothario, this 14-song supposed sexual odyssey is more like a soundtrack to a day in the life of Mr Bean than Hugh Hefner."

PopMatters,90,"On one of this year's smoothest and best discs, Hunter makes The Hard Way go down so easy."
Hot Press,80,"If you thought no one made albums like this any more, they dont so enjoy The Hard Way."
Boston Globe,80,"With analog recording, Hunters buttery voice and primitive Les Paul playing and a muscular double-sax section, this follow-up to 'People Gonna Talk' re-renders the art of musical seduction even more convincingly than Hunters mentor Van Morrison."
NOW Magazine,80,"He calls his style 'slavishly copying,' we know it better as sweet soul. [July 2008, p.108]"
Paste Magazine,80,"Another almost note-perfect recreation of the same pre-Beatles R&B world, this follow-up smoothly mainstains the good work with songs that recall the likes of The Drifters and even early James brown. [July 2008, p.102]"
Mojo,70,"The Hard Way, his debut for Hear Music, is a tad tougher--the horns are more prominent and sharper, Hunter's guitar has more bite to it, and the rhythms cut deeper--and quicker; at times Hunter veers closer to soul-rock than he has in the past, but he's still working well within his favorite genre."
Q Magazine,70,"The album's highlight is the jazzy horn rave-up 'Don't Do Me No Favours,' where Hunter cackles, yelps, shouts and bellows about refusing to take handouts from a rich man. On cuts like these, Hunter proves he's more than just a retro-soul act--the guy's got fire in his gut."
AllMusic,50,"As on past releases, he mostly celebrates the snap and polish of the sharkskin '60s. His songs crib so blatantly from that era that citing his influences--Sam Cooke, Ray Charles, Van Morrison--is almost redundant."

Rolling Stone,100,"Everything on Lay it Down is gorgeous, memorable and absolutely stunning."
Hartford Courant,91,"One of popular music's great voices is being flattered by his surroundings in a way he hasn't in a long, long time."
Delusions of Adequacy,91,"True, Green spends more time supplicating than celebrating, and probably fabricated the whole scenario. But he knows his subject, and he doesn't need Jesus to lay it down."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"Familiar yet fresh, Lay It Down presents Satin Soul at its finest."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),88,"Featuring some of the Reverend's finest work in years, Green's latest is proof positive that as important as it is to show up, you still need to know how to lay it down."
PopMatters,88,"Singing gets no more graceful than Greens hot buttered tenor, which he plies here with every micron of grace and soul he can muster. Add the Dap-King Horns (able backers of Sharon Jones and Amy Winehouse) and this is more than a soul album. Its an album with soul."
Los Angeles Times,85,"Playing up his role as elder statesman, Green gets away with delivering the familiar back-in-the-day sermon because listeners expect it from an icon of the past. However, by infusing such consistent gentleness throughout the entire record, he pulls off the unthinkable in the early 21st century--a momentary respite."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"There is no better place to spend 45 minutes than in Lay It Down's dreamy, sensual, gritty, and tender sound world."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Green's voice remains lithe magic, and he's brought in such contemporary all-stars as Anthony Hamilton (on the album's two best tracks, 'You've Got the Love I Need' and the slinky title song), John Legend and Corinne Bailey Rae for help."
AllMusic,80,"Beyond Greens wriggly, giggly, purring-to-screaming magnificence (as well as two smoking support vocals by young acolyte Anthony Hamilton), this is an album of intricate groove."
Billboard,80,"Though it adds no innovation to the genre, Lay It Down's tried-and-true approach should appease longtime soul fans"
Blender,80,"Stunning in places ('I'm Wild About You'), pedestrian in others, the song remains the same, which is achievement enough at Al's age."
musicOMH.com,80,"Lay It Down (with tasty guest spots from John Legend, Anthony Hamilton, and Corinne Bailey Rae) makes it clear that Green's devotion to the primacy of his music's groove has only deepened with age."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Now 62, the mighty reverend may not be able to make you spontaneously combust like yesteryear, but damn if he can't still get you in the mood with his third batch of love songs for Blue Note."
Spin,80,"Lay It Down is almost indistinguishable from green's past hits. Then again, maybe that was the point. [May 2008, p.74]"
Village Voice,80,"From the gentle fire of the first, and title track, this is Green in the role of Love Man and in very fine form. [July 2008, p.100]"
Vibe,75,"Because Lay It Down recalls the sound of Green's best so well, it also demands comparison with his best songs, a benchmark the album never really approaches. But by any other standard, Lay It Down is a worthy addition to one of soul's most distinguished discographies."
Mojo,70,"The supporting cast replicates the vintage stylings a touch too meticulously, and Green's singing lacks the turbulence that animated his old masterpieces. But it's hard to find fault with songs like the electrifying title track."
The A.V. Club,68,"Yes, it's a pleasure to hear Green articulate romantic satisfaction, and good for him if he's satisfied. But the grain and pull of his voice is all about longing for both flesh and spirit, and it doesn't quite fit here."
Rolling Stone,60,"Although Lay It Down is initially appealing because it has the superficial sound of Greens classic Hi material, you soon discover that Green has nothing terribly deep to offer lyrically, and his vocals are locked on cruise control throughout."
Pitchfork,60,"The atmosphere is organic and engaging, the only problem being that amid the fug of good vibes, no one remembered to write a killer song. [July 2008, p.94]"
NOW Magazine,60,"It takes ?uestlove from The Roots to reproduce the kind of smooth, mellow-aged soul that made Green's name. [July 2008, p.102]"

Uncut,79,"What it lacks in a unified style it makes up for in a referential (and reverential) enthusiasm that anyone with a subscription to Wax Poetics should recognize as an individualized, well-crafted love letter to funk gone by--and funk yet to come."
Q Magazine,70,"Splash's bratty Lil Wayne-meets-Michael Henderson falsetto can wear thin across 66 sprawling minutes (the crew would benefit from a second lead voice), but something far more problematic would have to be in play to impair this stomping good time."
Pitchfork,70,"Like much of today's synthetic approaches, Splash reaches broadly, but his process is more substantive than his content."
AllMusic,60,"Time Traveller is an excellent exercise in skill that lacks a certain amount of soulfulness."
Prefix Magazine,60,"It just about lives up to the hype. [May 2008, p.136]"
PopMatters,60,"The slick sequel starts strongly.... Alas, the album then falls into a compentent but monotonous groove of priapic Prince-old-porno-funk, its minor flashes of OutKast-style irreverence ultimately overshadowed by routine reto-pastiche. [June 2008, p.99]"
Q Magazine,60,"With partner Panda One, they unleash a concoction of soul, electronica and disco thats occasionally bizarre, but consistently funky."

Uncut,91,"On Jim, Lidell course-corrects by choosing a warmer, more organic palette. It's a retro-soul record minus the bleeps and whistles, and it exposes Lidell as the charming, confident vocalist he is."
Urb,90,"This is saying something, because every single song on Jim will battle for space in the part of your brain that gets hooked."
The A.V. Club,90,"What elevates Jim from faux-soul Jamiroquai ghetto is the effortless exuberance and keen reverence that Lidell brings to the vocals and arrangements, hand-crafting dusty grooves as fresh as the first drop of the needle. [July 2008, p.162]"
Slant Magazine,80,"Lidell reaches back further than he has before, appoximating Sam Cooke, Ben E. King, and even Jackie Wilson, elegantly nodding to his clarion-voiced heroes while never allowing the album to become mired in mere tribute. [May 2008, p.72]"
Alternative Press,80,"Soul is about voice and music that connects the church and the bedroom, with elegance and earthiness. And, by that crucial measure, Jim is a great soul record."
Vibe,80,"Ol'boy touches the listener deep on the inside with the polished shimmy of Motown and the greasy strut of Stax tipping his hats to the likes of Otis Redding, Sam Cooke and kJackie Wilson. [Mar/Apr 2008, p.107]"
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Thankfully, this is more about Otis, Marvin and Stevie, which Lidell does amazingly well for a British experimental techno brat."
Urb,80,"The subtlety of these electronics and the discretion of their employment are what makes Jim an ultimately more accomplished record than 'Multiply.'"
NOW Magazine,80,"Featuring a crunching call-and-response bass line, 'Hurricane' not only makes for a hell of a good time, but, much like the album Jim, also makes for one of Lidells tightest and most enjoyable to date."
PopMatters,79,"This is an album by an artist getting comfortable with his softer side. It's another welcome surprise."
Prefix Magazine,75,"It's hard not to wish, though, that Lidell would transcend what is essentially a Donny Hathaway tribute act and dig out something more intrinsically his own. [9 May 2008, p.65]"
Pitchfork,70,"Old is made new again in the best possible way on what could surely be the perfect soundtrack for a sultry, soulful summer."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"He refines his act. [May 2008, p.106]"
Boston Globe,70,"Lidell's Jim says that it's okay to have fun and not take yourself too seriously, and that's pretty cool in my book. [Spring 2008, p.78]"
Spin,70,"And so it goes for a tidy ten tracks, all topped by a voice of gently boiling caramel--a style that channels the best aural qualities of Terence Trent D'Arby and Ray LaMontagne while side-stepping their cloying overearnestness."
Under The Radar,70,"Here, he seems more comfortable in his pasty skin. [May 2008, p.76]"
Dot Music,70,"Jim is most reminiscent of the Southern deep soul of the late '60s, although recorded so well (and so dry) that it betrays its lineage. Add to that an assortment of unobtrusive guests (including Nikka Costa, Gonzales, Peaches, and Alex Acua) and the result is a record that reveals soul and sincerity."
Blender,67,"It's tempting to knock Lidell for being too derivative of Wonder and Donny Hathaway or for simply being the latest in a never-ending line of Brits mimicking the sound of Soulsville, but why bust up a party that's this much fun?"
AllMusic,60,"So while a cautious welcome is given to this near-flawless interpretation of soul music, it is done with the observation that another record of such polish will be ultimately empty, and more than a little disappointing."
Austin Chronicle,60,"He's at his best here on the playful Beck-like 'Hurricane' and the sweetly mournful 'Rope of Sand,' but Jamiroquai-averse listeners would do well to avoid 'Figure Me Out.' [May 2008, p.102]"
musicOMH.com,60,"U.K. upstart Jamie Lidells latest is trapped squarely in this box, but the quality of his vocal performance generally keeps things from being stifling."
Uncut,60,"Jim remodels him into a standard bust-a-gut soul singer who purveys tunes so unrepentantly commercial that the album has been greeted with shock by the faithful. But it's not unappealing."
Paste Magazine,50,"Jim is pleasant, polite, listenable, smooth (its like Yacht Rock for the nu-soul set), undemandingand a bit of a bore."
The Guardian,46,"Ultimately, this is nothing more than workaday feel good bar music, technically well executed with the peaks and troughs in all the right places."
Dusted Magazine,40,"His near facsimile approach to fond memory demands a revitalising new element and he hasn't got it. [May 2008, p.112]"
cokemachineglow,40,"Lidell's gospel hollars are impressive, but the music verges on pastiche. [May 2008, p.136]"

Mojo,100,"Each listen to New Amerykah brings fresh rewards: it demands to be explored."
Q Magazine,91,"'Honey's' squiggly bass line and cute but inane sentiments (''Honey, you so sweet/Sugar got a long way to catch you'') are perhaps the safest, least interesting efforts on the album. Thankfully, Badu spent 10 other tracks showing us exactly what she can do."
The Guardian,90,"Badu's spare, pointillist lyrics are almost constantly folded deep within dense, heavy arrangements"
Entertainment Weekly,90,"Immediately moving and yet rather bewildering, New Amerykah, Pt. 1 is an album that sounds special from the first play, yet it will probably take years before it is known just how special it is."
Slant Magazine,90,"New Amerykah reveals its considerable depths and strengths, and invites the listener to invest the time needed to explore them."
AllMusic,90,"New Amerykah Part One: 4th World War is an insane, obscure and exciting record of the kind that very few artists have the guts or imagination to make anymore."
Sputnikmusic,90,"While the LP is smart and funky as hell, it distinguishes itself because it's part of a series."
Dot Music,90,"In short, it is one of the best albums of the year, and could be one of the best albums of the decade."
PopMatters,90,"What is most impressive about New Amerykah is that Erykah simply breathes life into these tracks."
RapReviews.com,89,"Badu's brave New Amerykah is a liberated land, a wild embrace of experimentation, and a gleeful if occasionally paranoid freak-fest."
Tiny Mix Tapes,88,"The result is a collection of demanding, disquieting and beautiful urban hymns that reveal their rewards on repeated listenings."
Austin Chronicle,87,"Nearly 1700 words and I still feel like this record's left me speechless. That's an epiphany to cherish."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Curtis Mayfield would be proud of both lyrics and her throwback sound."
cokemachineglow,80,"While Britain and the US are succumbing to a very retro take on the US's R&B heritage, the original queen of neo-soul has taken a giant leap forward."
Billboard,80,"She's far bolder, singing in a strange, little girl's voice over a solitary Chet Baker-style trumpet or chanting mantra-like over a bubbling African rhythm. [May 2008, p.87]"
Observer Music Monthly,80,"The closing 'Honey' leaves all the issues behind and drips with the kind of sultry retro-funk that proves New Amerykah to have been well worth any amount of waiting. [May 2008, p.70]"
Uncut,80,"NuAmerykah is her boldest and best yet, brilliantly eccentric but repaying every indulgence. [May 2008, p.106]"
The Wire,80,"Badu has rejected the role of soul princess and chosen instead to embrace a raw, unhinged spirituality that separates her from the pack."
Mojo,78,"Big tracks aside, it's an awfully static record, which gives it the kind of high-art 'difficulty' that we critics have been known to like."
New York Magazine (Vulture),75,"It's a challenging, even frustrating listen, but Amerykah stakes out Badu's place between vinyl crackle and tape hiss among things to be fond of, no matter how outmoded they become."
Pitchfork,70,"It stands to reason that there should be another album's worth of this material, which flickers back and forth between different kinds of sessions and ideas, some quite elegant, some deeply boring, none of it very well edited."
The A.V. Club,70,"New Amerykah seems adherent to the old 'cohesive studio album' mold of the soul/neo-soul eras."
The New York Times,70,"From the wild, ominous hard-bop of 'The Cell' to space-age chaos of 'Twinkle' to shimmying, shimmering 'Me,' there's never a dull moment--but more than a few bewildering ones."
Village Voice,60,"Some of the music is gripping--the modal-sounding chorus and blippy groove of 'My People' suggests an R&B version of Radiohead--but other tunes feel like absent-minded doodles, and Badu's social consciousness nets middling returns."
Boston Globe,60,"Working with a forward-looking crew of producers, musicians and writers, including Madlib, the Roots, Sa-Ra Creative Partners and Karriem Riggins, was a wise move; they do a decent job on the funky New Amerykah, a throwback to the black power sound and consciousness-raising themes of the 70s."
Rolling Stone,60,"The Dallas-born singer is still making music that's deep and unorthodox. [May 2008, p.141]"
NOW Magazine,50,"Veteran hip hop soul princess Erykah Badu's newest creative contribution is ambitious, but lacks the smoothness and cohesive feel of her previous work."

Q Magazine,91,"Had he been born a few decades earlier, he could have been a major pop sales force. For now, he'll have to settle for making music that transcends today's commercial rules."
Hot Press,80,"This is a significant improvement over 'The Love Experience' in every respect--somehow displaying an increase in both modesty and ambition, as well as offering a more refined yet bolder set of material."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"DeVaughan simultaneously sounds like every soul singer who has raised bumps on your arms and none of them at all, which is to say he's an artist no matter what banner he flies."
AllMusic,80,"On his sophomore album, the Washington, D.C., native offers a flawless blend of serene, soulful music with emotion-filled lyrics about his love, respect and appreciation for women."
Amazon.com,80,"After his 2005 debut, DeVaughn ups the ante with a sprawling effort that works as a showcase for his lush vocals."
Billboard,80,"Finally the loverman is back. [Mar 2008, p.100]"
Boston Globe,80,"Love Behind the Melody may not get the commercial love that those artists get (DeVaughns image isnt as flashy), but this is an album that certainly deserves to be mentioned alongside the best work of those artists."
Vibe,70,"More often, though, Mr. DeVaughn borrows judiciously from Prince, Marvin Gaye and others, relying on his voice to keep the songs on track. Even when hes promising to shut the club down, his delivery promises something calmer and sweeter than a wild night out."
PopMatters,65,"The about-face may be a turn off for the neo-soul crowd, but it also represents a confident stride toward individualism."

The New York Times,90,"This is a record that will happen to you, and when it clicks, the realisation that As I Am is a genuine classic is overwhelming."
Prefix Magazine,80,"The strong stories that Keys spins are complemented by deft musical arrangements that integrate more rock and pop into her enriched old-school vibe."
Dot Music,80,"Keys isn't quite a superwoman come to save R&B from itself, but the timeless quality of As I Am is right on time."
Billboard,80,"The music is dizzying, even mesmerizing."
Slant Magazine,80,"As I Am radiates not just confidence but also experience. On the whole its her strongest effort yet."
Blender,80,"On her melodically powerful third studio album, she matures into the matriarch of her genre. [Dec 2007, p.120]"
The New York Times,80,"As I Am--very much an album about the condition her condition is in, very much an album in the old-fashioned sense, a complete work: one you shouldn't subject to shuffle before you've given Keys's sequencing a chance to work its magic, its rising and falling arcs, its gut-punch-and-goose-bumps denouement."
Spin,75,"Despite Perry's penchant for bland mantras, her American Idol-ready songs best showcase Keys' husky range and position her in a mainstream light."
Village Voice,70,"And so even though As I Am is a flawed work--a little too poppy, a little too clichd--it is also indicative of what Keys can and will do, and that she is someone, thanks to her curiosity, intelligence, and natural talent, who will be able to mature and grow for years to come"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"For the most part, the lyrics are so reliant on stock phrases - 'feel your touch', 'hold me', 'shoulda known', etc--that you could read anything you like into them without them carrying any personal feeling at all. If you can listen to that fluting, fierce, clear, dirty, magnificent voice while simultaneously shutting out the banality of what it's expressing, you'll have hours of pleasure from this gorgeously melodic, curiously old-fashioned album."
AllMusic,70,"Keys's tunes sing as strongly as she does. Alas, she still relies too often on sloganeering."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"Alicia Keys third studio album is an exercise in tightening the screws."
Boston Globe,67,"New York City soulstresses born in January a decade apart ('71 and '80, respectively), Mary J. Blige and Alicia Keys flex their commercial empowerment in passionate opposition. Yonkers street survivor Blige and Manhattan piano prodigy Keys presently command career-high profiles with voices incapable of unfeeling line readings, though Booker T. & the MGs rather than synthetic New Jack soul should groove both ladies back to the old school, where their voices belong. Blige's desperate search for romantic stability counters Keys' full blush of new connection. Her eighth album since 1992 and first since 2005's Grammy-winning The Breakthrough, the former's Growing Pains starts unsteady, but its heart beats strong and sincere. Million-dollar opener 'Work That' updates Motown for the 21st century with a rinky-dink piano figure and Blige's wigged head held high. Entanglements with Ludacris ('Grown Woman') and Usher ('Shake Down') tryst up unadvised, while the yearning 'Feel Like a Woman' and its appeal to traditional sex roles feels pat. The succeeding 'Stay Down' couches its pleas in experience rather than idealism, however, and 'Hurt Again' promises this is the last time, obvious wishful thinking given the song's hook: bald denial. The synthetic funk of 'Till the Morning' works best for more submissive bedroom confessions, backup 'Roses' whiffing equally needy yet turns vulnerability into resentment ('it ain't all roses, flowers, and poses'), and eventually dominance. It's one of Growing Pain's best, another being 'Fade Away,' its treadmill tempo riding a straight line groove. The disc then loses steam (nagging 'Talk to Me,' clouded 'Smoke') when it should've lost 20 of its 65 minutes but ends on strong note in 'Come to Me (Peace),' a sort of ramped-down antidote to the relative anxiety of the rest of the album. As I Am, Keys' third studio release, pounds and caresses ivory, yet Aretha Franklin and Stevie Wonder carry equal weight with Streisand and Minelli since the singer soars from a much larger stage."
Paste Magazine,60,"Despite substantial input from Kerry 'Krucial' Brothers, the rapper boyfriend Keys says she made wait a year to get down, the prevailing mood is reflectively soulful and the prevailing tempo mid."
Austin Chronicle,60,"Despite the consistency--the one area in which she's improved--it's almost certainly the weakest and most irrelevant album she's produced."
Rolling Stone,60,"As I Am sees the piano songstress breaking free of her saccharine chains and delivering a streetwise, smoky set of real soul."
Sputnikmusic,60,"'Like You'll Never See Me Again' is a reminder, amidst the clutter of many cooks on As I Am, that perhaps Keys was best as she was, after all."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"The follow-up to 2003's 'The Diary Of Alicia Keys' has lots of confidence and volume, but less of the shades in between. [Dec 2007, p.98]"
Hartford Courant,40,"Her fourth album starts well with the flashing anger of 'Go Ahead,' but only the Stax-sampling 'Where Do We Go From Here' is half as interesting."
Mojo,40,"Lacking the chutzpah of Beyonce or a signature voice to rival Mary J Blige, it's another curiously polite mix of soul and pop hip hop. [Dec 2007, p.118]"
The Guardian,40,"This seems geared for maximum market penetration rather than songwriting excellence. [Jan 2008, p.91]"
Q Magazine,20,"Without any clever arrangements or production gimmicks to rely on, Keys tries to compensate for the obvious shortcomings by oversinging each syllable in a way that would make Patti LaBelle cringe."

Uncut,80,"Save the Four Tops medley there has yet to be a match for Levi Stubbs--the Boyz sound as strong and harmonious as ever."
NOW Magazine,70,"While the majority of the cuts expertly merge the group's melodic vocals, the aggressive chants of Edwin Starr's 'War' are unbefitting an act known for silky ballads."
Boston Globe,70,"Their lush signature harmonies remain intact, but these pedestrian readings ['Got To Be There' and 'War'] rarely deviate from their inspirations. [Dec 2007, p.112]"
Billboard,60,"The material tends to work best when they sound relatively relaxed, as opposed to when it is obvious that they are trying very hard to honor the originals while being over-demonstrative with their obviously gifted voices."
Vibe,42,"After their vaguely successful '04 covers album, 'Throwback,' the Boyz return with another throwback, this time sleepwalking through classics. [16 Nov 2007, p.79]"
AllMusic,40,"Hitsville's unrelenting smoothness verges on kitsch and quickly becomes grating."

Entertainment Weekly,80,"The Art of Love and War, on the re-launched Stax label, is as full-bodied an affair as this old-school-leaning, incessantly self-exploring diva has delivered."
Village Voice,80,"Stone remains impressive as a vocalist, an old-school soul with an understated delivery that's more hushed than histrionic."
Amazon.com,80,"The strength of the album rests not on one aspect. From the dense lyrics spanning a wealth of topics to the perfect production, The Art of Love & War proves that Stone isn't going anywhere."
Billboard,80,"The album is filled with lush, suavely undulating ballads that have Ms. Stone cooing quietly and intimately."
Prefix Magazine,80,"This album is well-crafted and smart."
The New York Times,80,"Even though she doesn't get the same kind of attention as some of her peers do, Angie Stone is a supreme talent, and this album really shows it."
NOW Magazine,60,"The Art of Love & War marks yet another solid entry into the musical canon of an under appreciated vocalist."
Boston Globe,60,"That mood of indulgence also leads to a surfeit of mellifluous vocals, syrupy beats and billowing, sugary melodies that makes the album cloy."
PopMatters,40,"Stone pens 14 of the 15 songs and has clearly overstretched herself; the material is bland and only on sublime, transcendental 'Baby,'featuring Betty Wright and a cappella showcase 'Go Back To Your Life' do we hear the Angie of old. [Nov 2007, p.96]"
The Guardian,40,"Her music is much the same as on her 1999 debut 'Black Diamond,' dulled by a surplus of smooth, bass-heavy slow jams. [Dec 2007, p.124]"
Mojo,40,"This conservative collection feels more like musical air freshener than any kind of statement. [Dec 2007, p.104]"

Q Magazine,91,"Is there a more wrenching soul singer alive than Bettye LaVette? If so, keep it to yourself, because I'm too wrung out from The Scene of the Crime's intensity to take anything more emotionally potent."
Uncut,90,"It gets better with each listen, and stands so far outside the realm of anything her better-known peers are doing today that it's almost scary."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"The singer's whiskey-stained voice infuses those words with a fierce mix of pride, hurt, resignation, sadness, strength, and humility--traits that make her one of the finest R&B singers of her generation. There are other riveting moments rivaling that from this deeply moving set."
AllMusic,90,"Scene of the Crime is as comprehensive and as thorough an artistic declaration of self as any in recent memory."
Amazon.com,80,"Despite her co-conspirators, LaVette proves again that she's the star of the show."
Slant Magazine,80,"The big surprise on the 61-year-olds follow-up isnt her knockout voice--its the sympathetic backup provided by Lynyrd Skynyrdworshippers Drive-By Truckers (whose guitarist, Patterson Hood, produced the record). The well-selected, never-obvious covers of songs by writers from Elton John to Willie Nelson are unflinching tales of struggle and survival."
Billboard,80,"An album as lean, mean, and gritty as the cover image of someone behind a steering wheel, peering into the rearview mirror with windshield wipers in motion."
Blender,80,"A strong contender for soul album of the year. [Oct 2007, p.98]"
Boston Globe,80,"There is nevertheless a supreme revitalisation of her deep-seated powers evident here. [Oct 2007, p.96]"
Mojo,80,"The album is a celebration of LaVette's vocals--burnished, bruised but resoundingly unbeaten. [Nov 2007, p.96]"
Uncut,80,"LaVette sings Scene as if she's been backed into a corner and relishes the sensation."
Vibe,77,"LaVette is a proud interpreter, and even back in her earlier days she was covering David Bowie and Neil Young, but on Scene of the Crime her choices are a little less NPR-friendly than they were on the all-female critics darling roster of 'Hell to Raise.'"
Village Voice,75,"It doesn't hurt that she's accompanied by the Drive-By Truckers and a handful of old Muscle Shoals session men, but it's still her voice and interpretive skills that carry the record."
Pitchfork,70,"The Scene of the Crime is music without a shelf life."
Stylus Magazine,60,"The songs here are well chosen--particularly Willie Nelson's 'Somebody Pick Up My Pieces' and the Ray Charles-associated 'They Call It Love'--and LaVette's nuanced singing evokes prime Tina Turner with even more command."
PopMatters,60,"The indie Tina Turner follows up her tightly wound 2005 comeback, 'I've Got My Own Hell to Raise,' in the company of Drive-By Truckers and Muscle Shoals vets, whose mannered blues shuffles unfortunately sound like they're backing a beer commercial."
Rolling Stone,60,"Much as the self-righteous, take-me-as-I-am lyric suits her, it's a road she screeches down too often. Still, its magnetic moments make you glad she didn't just give up and get a day job."
Spin,40,"LaVette has little rapport with Hood, and her uneasiness interpreting his lyrics and the strange cover choices (Elton John's 'Talking Old Soldiers,' Willie Nelson's 'Somebody Pick Up My Pieces') comes through in every vocal performance."

The Guardian,91,"Through almost as many producers as Mary, this album has a single identity, a contour and a groove that suits its well-inhabited breakup concept."
NOW Magazine,80,"These songs sound like they were written as she was fed chocolate-dipped strawberries while sprawled out on a bed cloaked with rose petals."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),80,"Scott weaves through the music like a woman who's taken her time contemplating what feelings ought to sound like."
AllMusic,80,"The 15 tracks on The Real Thing feature a slew of styles and producers--among them Scott Storch (DMX, 50 Cent), Adam Blackstone (the Roots), Om'Mas Keith (Jay-Z), and Shafiq Husayn (Jurassic 5)--all gathered in pursuit of a mission outlined on the album's gorgeous, abstract opener, a meditation on open-mindedness."
Amazon.com,80,"Though the blues are at the heart of the album, what makes the most impression is Scott's sensual bravado."
Boston Globe,80,"Upping the tempo-and libido of her Grammy-winning 'Beautifully Human,' here Scott lays the funky paramaters wide open. Jan 2008, p.100]"
The Guardian,80,"It is her most intense, but perhaps also her most pleasurable excursion yet. [Jan 2008, p.104]"
Uncut,70,"Scott's music is more about groove and mood than song."
Mojo,70,"What's right here is awesome, and I for one have got a lot of joy out of listening to it."
Rolling Stone,60,"The Real Thing isn't exactly a step down from the last volume, 2004's 'Beautifully Human,' but it's conceptually even less diverse, which makes it her weakest album to date."
Sputnikmusic,60,"It's a bedroom album, albeit an intelligent, challenging one. [Jan 2008, p.110]"

Slant Magazine,80,"A supreme return to form."
Q Magazine,75,"'Big' is a nice return to form for Gray. Too bad it runs out of ideas before it runs out of tracks."
Dot Music,70,"Big purposefully grooms Ms. Gray for current R&B radio. But it doesnt hold back her personality or her odd, indelible voice. [26 Mar 2007]"
Los Angeles Times,70,"Gray's latest is an engaging, soulful effort from a singer who is proving herself to be more of a career artist than a hit-maker."
The New York Times,70,"The lyrics -- which seesaw manically between exhortations to a no-goodnik to get out and purrings about being glad to have a lover by her side -- won't get nominated for any poetry awards, but Gray makes her case on the strength of her nutty soul charms."
Hartford Courant,70,"The record is righteously dominated by Gray's larger-than-life presence. [May 2007, p.127]"
Boston Globe,67,"Much here is either boring or forced. [30 Mar 2007, p.71]"
Q Magazine,60,"will.i.am... does push [Big] beyond her Sly Stone safety zone. [Apr 2007, p.111]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Unfortunately (and not surprisingly), Gray's already weathered voice is more worn than ever; she struggles to reach and sustain notes that should be comfortably within her range."
Blender,60,"The sticking point is that, after a confident, rootsy start, the songs run out of steam halfway through, leaving Gray flailing through conventional soul stodge."
Slant Magazine,60,"Hampered by Gray's dial-a-diva rasp, Big is nowhere near as good as it should be. [May 2007, p.92]"
The Guardian,50,"[Producer Ron] Fair's [music] is concentrated sugar water, and Gray... too often pens lyrics and sings tunes just as cloying."
Uncut,50,"Despite the big name producer and big time contributors, Gray has somehow achieved the not insignificant feat of delivering an altogether average record."
Rolling Stone,50,"While Big shows flashes of the irrepressible spirit that made Macys first two albums fun to listen to, there are many more instances of uninspired, boring music designed to capture a middle-of-the-road audience."
Hot Press,40,"Repeatedly tries to regenerate the neo-soul-pop formula of I Try, down to its beat pauses and rich, piano-driven arrangements."
PopMatters,40,"You're left feeling like you're listening the audio equivalent of a normally classy mum dressing up in her daughters clothing."
NOW Magazine,40,"[She takes a] new, inappropriately measured approach. [May 2007, p.115]"

musicOMH.com,80,"With the fast-maturing Stone gaining greater control of her powerful pipes and a recent breakup adding to the underlying sexual tension while stoking the creative fire, the craftily reconstituted 70s R&B concept works exceptionally well."
Vibe,80,"The record is low on saccharine balladry, high on rhythm protein."
NOW Magazine,80,"Saadiq's production is brimming with horns and seriously in-the-pocket rhythm sections, but there are also enough hip-hop touches and contemporary arrangements to keep the tracks in the now. [24 Mar 2007]"
Hot Press,80,"Introducing Joss Stone has the sound of an artist who is beginning to go places, not of one coming from somewhere or standing still."
Billboard,80,"[Introducing] contains her best songs and most relaxed, assured performances. [May 2007, p.112]"
Sputnikmusic,70,"If not a beginning to end classic album, it's full of potential classic tracks."
Mojo,70,"While there are a couple of moments of over-singing and vocal affectation, Introducing Joss Stone is a dramatic leap forward creatively, without straying too far from the sound that made Stone famous."
Dot Music,67,"The sonic texture is compelling, yet few tracks have melodies that stick; these are more grooves than songs."
PopMatters,67,"Its a shame that Stone and Saadiq fall for the name-dropping approach to making records; inserted like ad-breaks, the guests are easily the worst thing on the album, giving a strong whiff of one of those horrible kitchen-sink-and-rolodex stinkers in the middle of a really very good, if conservative, soul record."
Entertainment Weekly,65,"This is her best album to date."
Stylus Magazine,60,"For the most part, Stone employs her remarkable instrument with focus and nuance on Introducing, and the result is an album full of solid pop-wise R&B."
Prefix Magazine,60,"For all her undoubted talent - and only the unreasonably churlish would deny she can sing up a storm - she now seems trapped awkwardly between two diametrically opposing cultures."
Rolling Stone,60,"There's nothing remotely original about any of it. [Apr 2007, p.111]"
The Guardian,60,"The over-shiny, repetitive beats and the carefree, happy-skippy persona soon palls. [Apr 2007, p.120]"
Blender,60,"It's the rare album that values vocal talent and production prowess with equal measureand, for the most part, it succeeds."
Uncut,60,"This introduction isn't all that different than her debut, since it still presents a promising vocalist instead of a vocalist who's fulfilled her promise."
Slant Magazine,60,"At times... 'Introducing' sounds like the long-sought missing link between neo-soul and future-soul.... When 'Introducing' falters, however, it's done in by the twin killers of modern soul: too much sex, not enough melody."
AllMusic,60,"These songs are insufficiently distinctive and there is a surfeit of ballast in need of jettisoning. [Apr 2007, p.108]"
Hartford Courant,60,"The fit is often clumsy, over-laden with strings, backing voices and metronomic beats, but there are enough stand-outs to keep our Joss in airplay."
Q Magazine,40,"In buying in so emphatically into a US pop/soul template, Stone has effectively erased what made her so intriguing in the first place."
Observer Music Monthly,40,"Her makeover seems too urban for her Starbucks-mom base and too retro for urban radio. [19 Mar 2007]"
musicOMH.com,20,"She has talent to burn, but rather than challenge herself, Stone has chosen to throw herself on a multi-million dollar bullet train to the centre of mediocrity."

The New York Times,91,"It's precisely Winehouse's lyrics... that raise this expertly crafted set into the realm of true, of-the-minute originality. [16 Mar 2007, p.67]"
New Musical Express (NME),91,"There's something beguilingly perverse about the incongruity between Winehouse's trifling lyrical concerns and Back To Black's wall-of-sound richness."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"Back to Black stands in testament to the fact that talent and originality still exist."
The A.V. Club,90,"A guileless, brutal breakup album that can sit with the best of them, set to the sounds of music's finest early rock moments. [17 Mar 2007]"
Prefix Magazine,90,"There isn't a second's worth of music here that doesn't come mink-swathed in note-perfect retro sound, or a song that isn't worthy of it."
Billboard,90,"A 21st-century soul classic."
Dot Music,90,"Winehouse remains one of modern music's most original voices and is now emerging as arguably the finest soul singer of her generation. [Nov 2006, p.116]"
The Guardian,81,"Her efforts have crafted a soul album that is resistant to any claims of mere charlatanism, a record that brings a modern tongue to a classic style."
Mojo,80,"Although Back to Black does see her deserting jazz and wholly embracing contemporary R&B, all the best parts of her musical character emerge intact, and actually, are all the better for the transformation from jazz vocalist to soul siren."
cokemachineglow,80,"Who needs love when heartbreak sounds this bloody good?"
AllMusic,80,"It's a superb comeback, and one of the best albums of the year."
Hot Press,80,"Back To Black is just a darkly rockin' good time, which will hopefully spark a new trend away from R&B's sickening slickification."
musicOMH.com,80,"It works - even though this area of pop culture has been mined remorselessly for the past 50 years - by dint of its clever melody lines and smart lyrics."
NOW Magazine,80,"Back To Black is by far the best popular soul album Ive heard this year."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"A wonderfully time-twisted batch of songs. [12 Mar 2007]"
Sputnikmusic,80,"While never musically abrasive, [it] is riddled with enough trademark lyrical barbs and sung with sufficient Eartha Kitt-ish snarl that the listening is never too easy. [Nov 2006, p.134]"
The New York Times,80,"Back to Black is overflowing with the '60s Supremes warmth that has been fully absent from the 'standards' of today's R&B. [Apr 2007, p.108]"
Uncut,80,"To put it succinctly, Amy Winehouse has made a really good record."
Urb,78,"Damn, it feels good."
Lost At Sea,70,"[It] sounds fantastic--partly because the production nails sample-ready '60s soul right down to the drum sound' and partly because Winehouse is one hell of an impressive singer. [Apr 2007, p.121]"
Austin Chronicle,70,"Back to Black finds a fearless artist saying whatever she damn well pleases."
Blender,70,"She's just as full of herself, but she now has a voice brimming with womanly promise. [Nov 2006, p.149]"
PopMatters,70,"Even if her vulgarity is her main selling point, she's more than just a novelty act."
Q Magazine,64,"Fortunately, Winehouse has been blessed by a brassy voice that can transform even mundane sentiments into powerful statements."
Hartford Courant,60,"The tunes don't always hold up. But the best ones are impossible to dislike. [22 Feb 2007, p.76]"
Pitchfork,50,"Disappointing, then, that the eight-track bonus disc opens with a cover of a cover: a lo-fi version of Valerie. [Review of Deluxe Edition]"

Rolling Stone,90,"Don't expect a derivative mash of smudgy, nostalgia-filching sounds, though, because despite its retro leanings, what's in store somehow crackles with currency."
New Musical Express (NME),90,"Frequently staggering."
Amazon.com,90,"Legend has grown by leaps on this disc, delivering a richer sound and more adventurous experimentation. [Dec 2006, p.88]"
Dot Music,88,"'Once Again' seems almost monotone on first impression, diminished by the middling tempos that weigh down many a ballad-driven album.... But peel back the layers of this suburban soul, and you'll find  more layers."
Paste Magazine,83,"While Once Again occasionally slips from understated to sleepy, there isn't a bum track on the album."
Los Angeles Times,80,"What worked so profitably for him before also works now: his tunes are little Motown-ish symphonies, lit from within by his quiet-storm intensity, itself beholden to Smokey Robinson."
The A.V. Club,80,"Once Again sets out to rebuild the dramatic storytelling and redemptive power of soul music on a hip-hop foundation."
The Guardian,80,"It's soulful, not funky, and brims with spiritual joy. [Dec 2006, p.134]"
Blender,80,"Like Lifted, Once Again offers a mesmerizing blend of canny sample science and Stevie Wonderful life-band R&B. [Dec 2006, p.96]"
Q Magazine,80,"His most impressive skill is echoing the laid-back charm of Bill Withers and the melodic instincts of Stevie Wonder. [Dec 2006, p.104]"
Spin,75,"Musically, the CD is satisfying enough to ensure further Grammy acclaim. Lyrically, it's damaged enough to require a top-flight couples therapist."
Mojo,70,"A timeless, feel-good album that could easily slide into your papa's Sam Cooke and Percy Sledge collections, yet still sounds contemporary."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"The 27-year-old has stepped up into territory that references his background in gospel and soul but avoids the more obvious nods to the past."
Billboard,70,"Soul music impeccably poised between past and future, anchored by a warm voice comfortingly similar to Bill Withers'."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"[A] bigger, better follow-up."
Hartford Courant,70,"There are a number of words to describe contemporary mainstream r&b, but 'elegant,' 'mature,' 'breezy,' and 'sophisticated' aren't usually among them. Luckily, they apply to John Legend's subtle follow-up to 2005's Grammy-winning, multiplatinum Get Lifted."
Rolling Stone,70,"In short, Legend does for trad-soul what Oasis did for The Beatles. [Dec 2006, p.116]"
Village Voice,70,"While Once Again might not get as much attention as its predecessor, it's more assured and sounds nothing like an experiment to see what sticks."
Uncut,60,"Like its predecessor, Once Again's midsection bulges with excess MOR fat, but unlike Legend's debut, the album doesn't resurrect itself by the end."
AllMusic,60,"Legend's lounge-track sentimentality often spills into schmaltzed-out Streisand-on-Broadway territory."
Slant Magazine,50,"The album's second half is still woefully lacking, one big mess of boredom and monotony."
NOW Magazine,50,"Frustratingly uneven. [Dec 2006, p.165]"

Prefix Magazine,80,"All of it works, and works wondrously."
Vibe,75,"If you're not turned off by earnest expressions of self-righteousness set to comforting folk-tinged R&B, then Testimony just may be your cup of decaffeinated jasmine tea."
Amazon.com,70,"The album has its puzzling moments. [Jul 2006, p.139]"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"An ambitious, aurally rich suite of storytelling songs."
Vibe,70,"The album is a major production."
Billboard,60,"Her lyrics drown in anti-gangsta correctives... but her best tracks transcend daily affirmations. [Jul 2006, p.96]"
AllMusic,60,"By the end of the album, the listener will surely be overwhelmed by Aries earnestness, both musically and personally, but like her previous albums, Testimony is for those who seek a motivational guide for living a conflict-free life."
Blender,50,"The sentiments are so genuine and earnest, it's hard to fault Arie for this gauzy blend of New Age-y self-help babble and sunny, plucky folk. [10 Aug 2006, p.98]"
PopMatters,40,"Arie's smooth, husky voice isn't enough to forgive the jaw-dropping simplicity and clumsiness of her songs."
Rolling Stone,40,"Sounds like an even less energetic Alicia Keys. [24 Jun 2006, p.43]"
The Guardian,40,"Her sauntering melodies struggle under the weight of their worthy load. [Aug 2006, p.110]"
New Musical Express (NME),40,"The feel-good vibe... mak[es] you feel crappy for not being as upbeat as India. [Aug 2006, p.80]"
Q Magazine,40,"Lacking the wit and lyrical dexterity of a Jill Scott or the raw power of Angie Stone, the songs can feel airless and unengaged. [Sep 2006, p.98]"
Spin,30,"Finds her plumbing new depths of pomposity. [Aug 2006, p.84]"

Mojo,80,"Occasionally evokes the feeling of a '70s Bill Withers classic, while bringing inflections of Zero 7 and Alicia Keys to her grooves as well."
Uncut,80,"There's nothing fancy about her songs... but there is magic in the way she sings them. [Apr 2006, p.112]"
Amazon.com,80,"A debut recording as fine as this one deserves immediate attention."
Q Magazine,75,"It's extremely agreeable, a bit predictable, and occasionally irresistible. [23 Jun 2006, p.70]"
Billboard,75,"The tunes... are anything but heavy, blending pop-R&B, jazz, trip-hop and vintage disco flavors into sophisticated, sexy numbers with the lush tranquillity of Sade and the earthy polish of '70s-era Stevie Wonder. [4 Jun 2006]"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Her self-titled debut sounds a wee rushed and sometimes meanders its way into background music territory, but this comfortable effort is pleasingly homegrown, warm, and poignant in parts."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Rae's music sticks in your mind like a pleasant scent you wish would linger. [Jun 2006, p.143]"
AllMusic,60,"If you don't mind the odd reflective moment, the odd luscious production value, then this has plenty to offer. [25 Mar 2006, p.37]"
Blender,60,"When things are going right, she reverentially nods to the sumptuous aesthetic that defined Marvin Gaye's What's Going On; when her form slips, it's like Dido gone 'groovy.' [Jul 2006, p.82]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Rae's amiable competence marks her as a talent worth keeping tabs on, but the strength of Corinne Bailey Rae is fleeting, a triumph of mood over tangible substance."
Spin,60,"Corinne Bailey Rae is as pop-wise as it is overly gentle and one to grow on."
Slant Magazine,50,"Weighed down with bland lyrics and blander arrangements, it meanders off into chick-rock clichs and lazy easy-listening melodies."
Rolling Stone,50,"After such a promising start, Bailey Rae and her stable of producers simply lose momentum."

E! Online,90,"What makes the album rather extraordinary is that it's as much celebration as it is protest."
PopMatters,90,"This is a great record for and about New Orleans and one of the best the two men have ever made. [Jun 2006, p.96]"
AllMusic,83,"Costello can still oversing and overwrite... But even when he threatens to turn baroque, as in ''Broken Promise Land,'' Toussaint rescues him."
Mojo,80,"It's Toussaint's soulful songs and naturally funky grooves that make this unlikely pairing work almost in spite of Costello's overbearing presence."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"This album is best heard through audio equipment tweaked to suppress the excesses of Elvis Costello's strained bleat."
NOW Magazine,80,"Costello... sing[s] with the enthusiasm and fun of a true fan. [Jul 2006, p.110]"
The Guardian,80,"The River In Reverse's soulful arrangements and warm textures are no surprise. [Jul 2006, p.113]"
Uncut,80,"What could have been a curiosity is instead a hallmark in the catalog of each artist."
Q Magazine,78,"Though ballad-heavy, The River in Reverse rocks."
Amazon.com,75,"Not surprisingly, the album hits hardest in those numbers that take on the broad sweep of a cry for social and political justice. [4 Jun 2006]"
Austin Chronicle,75,"An urgent, soulful collection."
Los Angeles Times,75,"With such strong material and talented performers, it's a pity that River frequently sounds too fussed-over."
E! Online,70,"It's the master's steady, rollicking piano that elevates the music -- and keeps the ever-elusive Costello honest."
The A.V. Club,70,"Costello's vocal range is challenged like never before, but his phrasing is always on the money, and Joe Henry's production makes it all sound so natural."
Rolling Stone,70,"A frequently inspired album."
Billboard,61,"Most of these tracks merely feel professional or workmanlike, sincere recordings that sadly lack inspiration."
PopMatters,60,"Mr. Toussaint's florid yet precise New Orleans piano, the way he can make a horn section laugh or sigh, and the stubborn idealism and canny humor of his songs temper Mr. Costello's convoluted earnestness."
Pitchfork,60,"The River In Reverse is a dark, passionate work that channels its rage toward redemptive joy."
The New York Times,60,"A good album, in a well-produced way, but it's not as good or as important as it thinks it is. [24 Jun 2006, p.43]"
Slant Magazine,60,"It's good to see this album released, but whether the meeting between Costello and Toussaint has produced anything of greater note that their individual achievements, I'm not convinced."

New Musical Express (NME),100,"A silky, bright, singing-in-the-shower masterstroke of joy and elation."
musicOMH.com,100,"This is a major step forward in pushing the IDM aesthetic into the bigger territory of soul and R&B music."
Dusted Magazine,91,"Multiply sounds like he picked up some ancient reel-to-reel tape from lost Holland-Dozier-Holland sessions and gave them a 2005 production spit-and-polish."
Tiny Mix Tapes,91,"Although Lidell's voice lacks muscle and butter, he knows how to launch a falsetto, and the beats on 'A Little Bit More' and 'The City' should not be played within earshot of anyone wearing a pacemaker."
Stylus Magazine,90,"His is a rare talent, demanding to be heard."
Village Voice (Consumer Guide),90,"Truly strange and beautiful. [Jul/Aug 2005, p.102]"
musicOMH.com,90,"How he makes good on such a seemingly noxious premise remains a mystery... but Lidell's star shines from whatever angle it might be spied."
Urb,90,"Lidell has created an album of flawless, imaginative, and radical funk grooves."
The A.V. Club,90,"Multiply is not just the years most adventurous album, its one of its most melodic, soulful, and engaging as well."
Junkmedia,85,"Listen to Multiply once and you'll be struck by how reverent it is; listen to it three times and you'll start to notice the microscopic digital artifacts and subtle tweaks that give it personality and pop."
Delusions of Adequacy,83,"If even a hint of Jamiroquai makes you gag, stay away; otherwise, proceed to the dance floor, please. [22 Jul 2005, p.74]"
Pitchfork,82,"Outside the charismatic skill of Lidell's shapeshifting vocals and his forward-looking arrangements, the actual songs of Multiply aren't of as indelible an essence as the classics that they imitate."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"'Multiply' sees the flavours of Al Green, Curtis Mayfield, Prince and Sly Stone twisted into 2005 with subtly inventive touches and modern production suss."
cokemachineglow,80,"Multiply marks the full flowering of a singular talent. [Jul 2005, p.99]"
Playlouder,80,"An album that, in its best moments, draws comparisons to at-peak Prince and, at its worst, lands in the respectable company of Nikka Costas Everybody Got Their Something."
Uncut,80,"Multiply sacrifices cohesion in its quest for stylistic diversity, but its a bravura tour through the smooth sounds and hot jams of yesteryear."
Slant Magazine,80,"His skill rests in the realisation that you can't airbrush soul: so, instead of smoothing rough edges, these cuts of cyborg funk fidget with digital tics and gasps. [11 Jun 2005, p.67]"
ShakingThrough.net,80,"Lidell has a fine voice, arguably one of the most potent white soul singers England has given us since Primal Scream's Bobby Gillespie."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"The heritage soul signposts multiply with almost hallucinatory rapidity. [Aug 2005, p.104]"
Billboard,75,"Sound[s] like Prince cutting the ass out of Squarepusher's pants. [Aug 2005, p.103]"
Mojo,70,"A blistering song set with the playful spirit of '80s Prince. [Jul 2005, p.115]"
Spin,70,"The idea is to build a monorail between Aphex Twin and Stax Records; the songwriting eventually slacks off, but Lidell's performances don't. [Aug 2005, p.111]"
Q Magazine,60,"More than a patchy but occasionally brilliant album, Multiply is the whisper that the greatest soul music, rather than being trapped in our memories of times gone by, may yet play free in days to come."
Blender,50,"He really is pouring everything he has into the whole thing, but there's so much overly earnest, reverential, 'let's get back to making real music' energy floating around that you can sense it nibbling away at the desire to make something that sounds like today."

PopMatters,90,"Not only does this album hum with the magic that endowed the pair's past hits ('Let's Stay Together'), it shows that talent isn't the sole realm of the young."
AllMusic,80,"Everything's OK is the home run Green fans have been dreaming about. It may not replace Let's Stay Together or I'm Still in Love With You but you could play it back to back with either of them and not hear much difference other than time."
Billboard,80,"Everything's OK is much more than OK -- it's one more righteous, red-hot reason to treasure this surviving genius of soul."
AllMusic,80,"Way, way better than just 'OK.' [Apr 2005, p.168]"
Rolling Stone,80,"Green sounds in his element. [Apr 2005, p.100]"
Vibe,80,"Green is at the top of his game. [Apr/May 2005, p.128]"
Mojo,70,"This is classic Green."
Paste Magazine,70,"Mitchell's sophisticated Memphis funk gives Green's voice the fuel to float. [Apr 2005, p.97]"
The Guardian,67,"There's nothing grievously wrong here, but there's nothing transcendent, either. [18 Mar 2005, p.66]"
Uncut,60,"What makes this album slightly dry is its gorgeous conservatism. [Apr 2005, p.118]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Even with its flaws, there's something that just feels good about listening to the album."

Blender,100,"This is late-night listening that pulses with pain."
PopMatters,91,"Don Was' appreciative arrangements leave room for the big man's vocal majesty. [11 Mar 2005, p.104]"
The Guardian,80,"The marriage of material and performance maintains high consistency and purpose."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Make Do With What You Got is proof he still has the mojo to deliver the goods."
Billboard,70,"Make Do With What You Got sounds like an overly anxious attempt to re-create the sound of vintage R&B sides that gets the surfaces right but never quite captures the heart and soul of the music."
Paste Magazine,70,"What the new Make Do With What You Got lacks in surprise, it makes up for in other areas."
AllMusic,70,"There's a lurking suspicion of contrivance here, as opposed to the spontaneity that characterised Don't Give Up On Me. [Apr 2005, p.102]"
The A.V. Club,70,"I know which post-millennial album I'll add to the Atlantic, Bell and gospel classics. [Apr 2005, p.96]"
Uncut,70,"Make Do With What You Got proves that Burke... is in the midst of more than a one-album comeback."
Mojo,40,"Takes him out of the bedroom and into the bar room and, as a result, it's a much drearier affair. [Apr 2005, p.120]"
Rolling Stone,40,"Nearly the entire record sounds too polished, too clean."



Q Magazine,88,"By sticking to a single subject, 'Stone Love' lacks the range and ambition of her splendid 'Mahogany Soul' album in 2001, but it is still a joy. [11 Jul 2004]"
PopMatters,83,"She's the perfect '70s soul-funk mama, and lucky for us, she's stuck in 2004."
E! Online,80,"Classicism yields all the right stuff: alert sound with a lived-in feel, finely detailed tunes that shoot straight. [Aug 2004, p.140]"
Billboard,80,"Not as immediate as the previous two albums, this one takes time before its effortless flow, interweaving harmonies and low-key chords really sink in. [Aug 2004, p.102]"
AllMusic,80,"This is her most focused and accomplished full-length to date."
Dot Music,80,"Stone's soulful, sassy vocals are once again the centerpiece of another well-crafted effort."
Vibe,75,"Everything is balmy, modestly funky--and strangely devoid of outright passion. [9 Jul 2004, p.85]"
Blender,70,"A collection of rootsy yet sophisticated, summery soul grooves, with the usual nods to past masters like Aretha Franklin, Roberta Flack and Glady Knight, 'Stone Love' is equally at home alongside the sultry, sassy R&B of contemporaries like Lauryn Hill, Alicia Keys and Erykah Badu."
Q Magazine,60,"Consistently admirable, but unlikely to get the charts into a tizzy."
Rolling Stone,60,"Languorous to a fault. [5 Aug 2004, p.113]"
The Guardian,50,"Stone Love... spreads it thick with bells, harps, string sections and expert evocations of grooviness. These affectations are starting to swallow up her talent."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Sounds derivative and over-produced. [Sep 2004, p.123]"
Mojo,40,"The first six tracks or so of Stone Love are as good a soundtrack to summer as you're likely to get this year... Thereafter it's an interminable sea of coma-inducing ballads. [Sep 2004, p.104]"
