1,"Aska, es un total asco de suerte es j y flop ojal no haya recaudado ni 1000 copias ya que es un asco el lbum el peor que compre en mi vida :(((((((",0,1,"Jul 24, 2016"
5,"Um lbum para ser bom de verdade precisar ser mais do que um bom lbum, ele precisa ser, de alguma forma, memorvel. Esse no  o caso do lbum de estreia do duo de neo soul Lion Babe: Begin  bom, mas passa longe de ser considerado um trabalho marcante.
Formado pela cantora Jillian Hervey e pelo instrumentalista e produtor Lucas Goodman, o Lion Babe faz uma slida e interessante mistura de neo soul com msica eletrnica e R&B tradicional. Tudo bem certinho, tudo bem produzido (inclusive com a participao de nomes competentes como, por exemplo, Pharrell Williams, Robin Hannibal **** Don't Kill My Vibe) e Al Shux (Empire State of Mind). Entretanto, o resultado final no consegue passar a mesma fora criativa que a essncia da dupla parece ter. Faixas boas, mas que no levantam voo em nenhum momento devido a falta de um toque especial. Esse  o caso da estilosa On The Rocks que acaba resultando em uma boa ideia perdida ao no 'libertar' todo seu potencial. Outro exemplo  boa Wonder Woman sobre o poder feminino: a boa produo de Pharrell no impede que a cano falte carisma necessrio para elevar o resultado final. O pior problema em Begin  a imaturidade lirica da dupla. No que as composies sejam infantis ou bobas, pelo contrrios, a dupla toca em assuntos de gente grande como empoderamento feminino, sexo e desiluso amorosa. O que de fato acontece que a maneira como eles falam sobre essa assunto ainda precisa de uma imensa refinada e de amadurecimento, buscando uma esttica que esteja de acordo com as suas pretenses. Novamente, falta contedo para dar vidas as boas ideias. Apesar disso, a vocalista Jillian Hervey  competente e tem uma voz deliciosa, apesar de ainda precisar procurar a sua prpria personalidade j que  possvel ouvir de maneira clara as vrias influncias que a 'moldaram'. Outros bons momentos em Begin so Jungle Lady, Hold On e Little Dreamer.  possvel ver um bom futuro para o Lion Babe, mas eles precisam achar a receita para se tornarem memorveis.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2016"
8,"muito bom esse album, jillian tem uma voz muito similar a voz da erykah badu e o trabalho  bem planejado porem se perde em umas partes como faixas soltas tipo 'On The Rocks'",0,0,"Apr  6, 2016"
10,"I first heard Leon on NPR about 6 months ago. Instantly became a fan. Yes, the comparisons to Sam Cooke are accurate, and to be fair, he's embracing it. There's nothing not to like here....this album is short and sweet, and packed with melody and soul. I'm also a sucker for doo-wop background singers;)  It's the perfect summer record.
Leon Bridges has loads of talent, and I wish him nothing but the best in his career.
Buy this album. You won't regret it.",2,2,"Jun 23, 2015"
9,"Bought this record on vinyl in a whim when I heard the single Coming Home. I just loved the soul I heard and he reminds me of artists like Sam Cooke. I'm very glad I bought the record, he is a truly talented artist and quite refreshing although this style is of course well known.",1,1,"Jul  4, 2015"
8,"While music critics love to drool over f-bomb, porn-shock-ghetto artists Kanye, Kendrick Lamar, Run the Jewels and Jay-Z - all artists trying to one-up each other.  It is so refreshing to hear something cool, clean and retro-new from a young black artist.  Yes, it does sound like 60s soul, but that is a good thing.  I can slide these songs into my daily playlist and have my kids in the same room or even play in the background while working.  Well done Leon Bridges for putting out an album that is ironically new in the modern era of not-so-great, downer r&b music.",0,0,"Jun 24, 2015"
8,"While some of it comes off more imitation than genuine artistry (do 25-year-olds really sing like this?), Bridges is a new talent to watch. He'll get some Grammy nominations, no doubt. 'Coming Home' is an enjoyable, breezy throwback album.",0,0,"Jun 25, 2015"
6,"This isn't a bad album but there are some major flaws. Leon Bridges was clearly going for a old school soul album which he hit straight on the head. the flaw being that he didn't give it any personality. Its a cookie cutter album of what soul is if that makes any sense. The tracks are forgettable and a little boring at times",0,0,"Aug 14, 2015"
6,"This isn't a bad album but there are some major flaws. Leon Bridges was clearly going for a old school soul album which he hit straight on the head. The flaw being that he didn't give it any personality. Its a cookie cutter album of what soul is if that makes any sense. The tracks are forgettable and a little boring at times.",0,0,"Aug 19, 2015"
3,"I found this record so boring that I had to dig out the album cover to remember this man's name for this review.  Leon Bridges is sort of like Sam Cooke....only without the magical personality and without the excellent backing sounds of the Wrecking Crew.  With contemporary vocalists like Saun & Starr, Mayer Hawthorne, Michael Kiwanuka, Charles Bradley, Aloe Blacc, Sonny Knight, Lee Fields, Naomi Shelton, and Venice Dawn on the scene, a soul singer needs tons of personality to stand out in the crowd.  Taking a few instrumental cues from the Daptones, Adrian Younge, The Electric Peanut Butter, Co., The Sorcerers, Lord Newborn, Anitbalas, or the Heliocentrics might be useful to this young performer.  The history of Jump Blues, R&B, Soul, Funk, and World music is there for the taking.  Bridges only need reach out in any direction for a piece of this history to serve his purpose.  A year of being homeless might also harden him for this role as well.  Music junkies and serious crate diggers find this sort of half-assed, Uncle Tom fluff offensive.  While any artist that is able to secure a record contract with a major label deserves a certain amount of respect from all of us, an artist as clueless about the depth of his cultural heritage as Bridges is should be treated with an amount of bewilderment and contempt.  Anyone reading this review that enjoyed Bridges' snippets on TV ads should download this album rather than throw away good money on a copy of 'Coming Home' on vinyl like I did.",0,0,"Nov  3, 2015"
9,"Currency of Man is, in my opinion, amongst the best albums this year! A different sound for her but it works - songs are a bit colder but her voice remains as warm as ever!",2,2,"Jun  5, 2015"
9,"Currency of Man is an exceptional album. All of the songs in it are extremely powerful and all of the messages seems true to the bone.
Beautiful sounds rise and fall through the passing of the 10 songs: warm guitars, fat basses, on-the-spot-drums and many loads of amazingly astonishing orchestras guide us through the journey of these 10 stories. Upon all of those, Melody's voice is extremely pleasant to hear, and it just sums up quite positively with the rest of the instruments.
Very well recorded and mixed, it's a great example of the positive points technology improvement can bring to music making. Also, a great example of the bright side of the influence of mainstream-'pop' music in other genres, in the 20th century. It all sums up to a very Groovy Jazz Pop album, with rich moments of RnB, Rock and even Classical passages (due to the magnificent and preeminent use of orchestras in the songs).",0,0,"Jan 20, 2016"
10,"Dense, sophisticated and masterfully executed, Black Messiah is everything we could've asked for from D'Angelo's return. Only a couple days into the album's existence, it's a rare experience that immediately satisfies while also demanding a slow burn. The album features an all-star cast - Palladino, ?uestlove and Q-Tip, to name a few - from a huge range of musical styles. But the mastery of this album emerges in D'Angelo's ability to cohesively meld all these sensibilities into one incredible sound, totally new through blending anachronisms. Driven by funky beats, fuzzy bass, crunchy guitar, and of course D'Angelo's unmistakable voice, the album wants you to move to it, yet always stay alert to pick up some new detail that inevitably emerges on each listen. A straight-up masterpiece.",6,6,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"This album is amazing. At first I was worried that the wait since Voodoo would cause my opinion of this album to be strongly affected, but after listening I was surprised by just how good it was. From tracks like the funky 'Sugah Daddy' to the Beatles-esque 'The Door,' D'Angelo explores a wide variety of genres with great success. This is a tough album to deny.",3,3,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"D'Angelo has done it once again with Black Messiah. This album is amazing from beginning to end. The lyricism and content is moe mature than his previous albums, his voice and arrangements are better than ever, and the production and mixing is A1. The 14-year wait was worth it.",2,2,"Dec 18, 2014"
10,"A lauded Genius returns from the depths of American music to concoct an opus that delivers on all counts. This masterpiece is a landmark on this generation's musical landscape similar to what Songs in the Key of Life, Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Heart Club band and Dirty Mind were for their generation. D'angelo, now having delivered three classics, feels more in his element then ever before. The violent urge of '1000 Deaths', the unyielding romanticism of 'Really Love' and 'Another Life, the drunken dreamy funk of 'Prayer' provide the listener with no chance to predict where they are headed next unlike most music provided today.
If you are troubled to find anything on this album that doesn't resonate or inspire you, then you need to check your pulse because you're likely dead.",2,2,"Dec 17, 2014"
10,"I could listen to this kind of funky, mellow-vibe, yet D'Angelo is a man with a mission. The times have changed since his 2,000 A.D. album, and D'Angelo has reappeared to contemplate it while at the same time giving us excellent music to listen. Well done, my man!",1,1,"Dec 23, 2014"
9,"This album is better than Brown Sugar, better than Voodoo, and better than any other album released in 2014.
It wasn't even close to be honest. Each listen introduced new sounds that I missed the first time. The production is on point, and I love the muddy vibes with the hard-to-decipher lyrics a la 'There's a Riot Goin' On' and 'Exile on Main St.'. If you listen to hip-hop, pick this up. If you listen to rock, pick this. If you just want some damn good music in your life, pick this album up. It will be worth it. 10/10",1,1,"Oct 13, 2015"
10,"So my latest addiction is a delightful auditory cheesecake. In classic Pavlovian fashion, I am hitting the repeat button on several tracks of DAngelos Black Messiah. This long awaited treasure dropped from the music universe on December 15, 2014. Before I had the immense pleasure of hearing it, I had heard mixed opinions about the tracks. Boy was I ecstatic when I was able to devour it firsthand. Its been a while since a set of a dozen runes has made an imprint on my musical spirit.
#1) Aint That	Easy-I have had this song on repeat for 15 days straight in the car, in the bed, at work, while in the shower...
#2) '1000 Deaths'--No comment
#3) 'The Charade'--No comment
#4) 'Sugah Daddy'--No comment
#5) ' Really Love	Intoxicating! I love everything about this rhythmic arrangement for so many reasons: the soft sexy Spanish spoken word entrance, the sweet guitar licks, the entire lyrics, how the rhythm mysteriously mimics my heartbeat, the vinyl sound, how D'Angelo deliberately takes his time entering.
#6) Back to the Future (Part	I)This is a diggin groove that speaks with an undying beat.
#7) Till Its DoneI	like it. I am very drawn to the crafty rhythms.
#8) 'Prayer'Yes, I bowed my head, closed my eyes and drifted into an ethereal trance as I soaked up this musical prayer.
#9) Betray My HeartAfter hearing it, I	absolutely cannot stop chanting, I	will never betray my heart. The syncopated licks embody the full essence of what this artist delivers. And that is, jazz, funk, soul, blues, R&B, and pure magic.
#10) The DoorSo catchy. Theres something contagious about whistling. As this song opens with a melodic whistle, it spurs one to join along and be happy in the moment.
#11) Back to the Future	(Part II)--Continued from track 6.
#12) Another LifeThis is the uncontrollable tear-generating culmination of a splendid work of art 14 years in the making. DAngelo has sharpened his chops and delivered a riveting throwdown to rival a colossal gladiator style battle of musical artists. It is so delicious. I ALMOST ODd ON THIS SONG! The lyrics are stunningly beautiful. The harmonies are unparalleled and DAngelos vocals are in a word, orgasmic.
I am thrilled to have consumed a pure dose of musical pleasure. I look forward to many more heaping helpings from the divine DAngelo.",1,1,"Jan 10, 2015"
10,"Just try not to get lost in the incredibly laid back grooves that are laid down in each soul masterpiece that is found within this fantastic album. The grooves are energetic, the instrumentation is fantastic and the vocals are unique and catchy. One of the most forward-thinking R&B albums I've listened to, and the most addictive album of last year. Just can't get enough of Really Love.",1,1,"Mar 21, 2015"
10,"Absolutely astounded - will always be one of my favorite artists! Masterpiece, a brand new universe full of harmony and beautiful tunes. Definently one of the best soul/RnB albums of all time and can't wait to see him live one day!",1,1,"Mar  3, 2016"
10,"This is an extraordinary album! Other artists need to take notes and listen to this classic. This is what happens when an artist takes his or her time on music. This album is what people expected from D'Angelo. It's soul, rock, funky, and it has a message about life, love, and current issues across the world. What a great Christmas present. The only bad thing I have to mention about Black Messiah is that I wish it was longer because it's that damn good.",4,5,"Dec 16, 2014"
8,"I didn't know who D'Angelo was before this album was released, so I went back and listened to some early material. One thing I can say, Black Messiah is definitely his best work so far, and indeed one of the best albums of the year. The soul is there by the bucket, and there's no amount of voice effects that can kill it. Very, very exciting album. It's not my usual cup of tea, but it's clear Black Messiah is done with aim, mastery and an impressive amount of style.",3,4,"Dec 31, 2014"
10,"This is D'Angelo's return to music as fitting as any fan of his would expect. Superbly written and produced, the music is all soul, all substance, and contains the material and the gravity of an album intended to do more than just entertain, but educate and illuminate.",3,4,"Dec 15, 2014"
10,"D'Angelo's Black Messiah knew it didn't have to be good to impress; a fourteen-year gap between albums from any artist would turn heads whether it was good or not. With that said, it is mightily humbling that this new album can be so powerfully present and conscious of what it aims to do with its sound and message. This album truly is the audible equivalent to gold.  Few albums are so moving and spiritual. Black Messiah is an expansive and brilliant album from any aspect; the craftsmanship is excellent, the singing is amazing, and the message is ever so prevalent. It was the right choice to release the album early in order to respond to this year of so much tragedy.",3,4,"Dec 19, 2014"
10,"One of the best Funky/Soul/Rock album that I ever heard in my life! D'Angelo is so **** perfect! What a great Christmas present  I'm in love with this album. That's all! xoxo
Favorite tracks: '1000 Deaths'; 'The Charade'; 'Sugah Daddy'; 'Till It's Done (Tutu)' & 'Another Life'.",8,11,"Dec 16, 2014"
10,"It's all D'Angelo and all funky! Not to mention awe inspiring melodies with the power to connect to the people. And even if some of the lyrics are difficult to make out? The music says all it needs to say: differences should always be different,and lay comfortably side by side-not far apart. A grand comeback for D'Angelo linking the sociological and musical chains that made contemporary black America so special to America!",2,3,"Dec 16, 2014"
5,"I have to disagree with most of these reviews. Were we listening to the same album?! Yes I can see that this was crafted by a master musician. Yes I liked Brown Sugar, and I LOVED Voodoo... But I always had the sense that I was to be disappointed with this one. Too much time taken = overproduction. The songs are over-edited and overworked. They are arty, yes, but at the expense of the music. Only one track got my head nodding, Sugah Daddy - which was the most like a Voodoo experience. The rest ranged from the dull, the classic soul-funk but nothing outstanding, to the downright unlistenable such as 'prayer'.
It seems like people have so much invested in this album -the reverence of D'Angelo's talent - the long wait - to just admit what it is.. A rambling jam which never quite gets there. Reminiscent of Prince when he began to make very weird albums for the sake of artistry. So to sum up - an interesting musical piece, with real skill on show, can't argue with that - but will I listen to it a lot? no. Do I 'like' it? Not really. It's all just a little too opaque to understand. But maybe this failing is my own.",2,4,"Jan 30, 2015"
5,"First, D'Angelo has made sublime music...just not with this album.  I firmly believe that Voodoo is the most complete and important funk-soul collections of music of its time. It's predecessor, Brown Sugar, was a slightly a more bashful, but nearly as fantastic set of funk-in-your-soul musical gifts.  With deep respect for many of the reviewers of Black Messiah, I am simply not moved by the music contained therein.
The themes examined in Black Messiah are deep and richly performed.  However, I find missing the enchanting melodies that D'Angelo so supremely gave us in his previous offerings.  Dare I consider he's temporarily lost his muse--because that's what it sounds like.  To my ear, most of the songs on Black Messiah are incomplete, over-produced musical thoughts.  The depth of the sound's texture on Black Messiah is so thick and obtuse that I wonder if it's true purpose is to hide the lack of song.  Again, allow me to be clear: I view D'Angelo as one of the great musicians of our time.  From my vantage he need not make a single further offering to establish himself in the pantheon of our most important musicians.  However, it almost seems as though Black Messiah is a collection of musical doodles D'Angelo has played with for years, and that he was moved by current political events to present a musical statement to the world.  By all means, there is plenty in today's landscape on which to comment.  However, I simply must respectfully disagree that Black Messiah ought to be revered in the same way as D'Angelo's earlier creations.",1,2,"Jan  8, 2015"
10,"This album is stunning. For someone who typically despises funk, R&B, and soul music, it's incredible that I can see myself revisiting this album over and over again. The music is laid back and hypnotic, with an experimental vibe that makes it quite intriguing and fresh. And there's not a weak track to be found here, just 55 minutes of funk bliss.",1,3,"Jan 22, 2015"
7,"As most jazz aficionados will already attest to, a truly classic record is not one you can turn on and off as if it were only a switch. Its an important ingredient of an otherworldly experience ... When you set the needle down on Miles' Kind of Blue or Coltrane's Giant Steps or Dexter Gordon's Go, you have an ulterior motive, you seek to escape, to enjoy, to experience, to extrapolate your inner demons. This process is a musical form of Voodoo, which Sir D'Angelo discovered while making this record, and hopes you will too",2,8,"Dec 16, 2014"
3,"Sounds really boring and for the most part, I can't hear what he's singing. I saw all the good reviews and thought I was gonna be listening to something out of this world. Instead got some 1960's jazz sounding album with terribly boring melodies. If you suffer from chronic insomnia, this album is a must-have for you!",2,29,"Dec 16, 2014"
3,"I don't get it. This albumwas noise which overtakes D'Angelo's voice-or what may be left of it. I say that cuz' its not really heard. Unlike his classic, debut album which is all his voice. Forget all that talk of 'a step forward' for him as an artist...forget all that 'artistry' view. The fact is there is music here, in that there are musical notes that I can recognize. But good music, no.",2,34,"Dec 18, 2014"
10,"This was well worth the 15 year wait. The soul that was put into this and worth many listens. This was definitely the best album of 2014. If anyone asks what neo-soul should sound like, point them in this direction.",0,1,"Jan 30, 2015"
4,"Yep this album is not that good at all but he has done it again,yeah right!!! most reviews here are done by people who do not know what good music is......i give it a 4 for the effort",0,8,"Dec 23, 2014"
5,"I do not understand the hype around this album. The production is very drab and boring. The Vocals are so quiet that u can barely hear them. Only thing holding this album up are the lyrics,",0,1,"Apr 18, 2015"
10,"D'Angelo comes back with a banger: Black Messiah is the definition of art in music. Well written lyrics, nice melody's and fantastic instrumentals. I'm in love with this album.",0,0,"Feb 11, 2015"
9,"Black Messiah is a bold, brave new release from an artist, though long overdue, still well loved for his two previous works, Voodoo and Brown Sugar. D'angelo uses more a modernistic sound to create what is sometimes a melancholic ride of clicking beats and murmuring vocals to mere catchiness and genuine soul brilliance.",0,0,"Mar  7, 2015"
10,"'Let your days slip away come with me and ride' says D'angelo in the second verse of the opener track Ain't that easy. The name of the track is not referred to this line, since it will be one of the easiest thing in the world to let ourselves drown in this amazing ocean of sounds and amazing lyrics. Every track is produced divinely, there's a lo-fi approach and a worship for vintage equipment. The composition is what we would expect from a contemporary R&B god such as Michael Eugene Archer, there are lots of ideas and there is an irresistible swing throughout the whole record. The presence of musicians such as Pino Palladino (bass), Questolove (drums) and Chalmers Edward 'Spanky' Alford (guitar) can only improve the level of this album from perfect to incalculable and unattainable heights.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2015"
10,"Definitely worth the 14 year wait. Not quite as good as Voodoo, but it definitely has tons of replay value. D'Angelo's wonderful combination of R&B, soul, funk, jazz, and rock fits perfectly with his strong lyricism and always-perfect voice.",0,0,"May  2, 2015"
9,"The structure of the songs is vague. Sometimes it's difficult to even spot the chorus or an actual melody. But somehow it works. It's a body of work that was inspired by pure fusion. You can mess around with the guitars and then drown in the soulful tender vocals of 'Really love'. You then go back to '1000 deaths' and yell at its aggressiveness, while you're thinking about the 'Sugah Daddy' pianos and brass. But you cannot escape from the Erykah Badu-esque 'Back to the furure', because that's the way this album rolls - You connect the dots from different songs and if you do it with love and respect, you can only hear one song, one voice, one guitar, one message.
Read the whole review here: http://www.anartcalled.blogspot.gr/2015/01/dangelo-and-vanguard-black-messiah.html",0,0,"Mar 16, 2015"
10,"i know i'm late for this but idc , i love this album it's a CLASSIC, timeless cant stop listening to it and it's Black music, sounds hard, love songs, freak song and its funky",0,0,"Mar 19, 2015"
10,"Insane album. From the production, creativity to conscientious timeliness of the album, it fills so many gaps and makes its presence felt strongly. Considering the shootings in Missouri, later in Boston, in Baltimore and so on, this album was much needed. This is a rare quality in aesthetic media. The need of an album of this caliber (conscious, both holistically and piece-by-piece beautiful) anachronically made itself yearned for.
A supratemporal, both transcendent and yet so down-to-earth album. D'Angelo is a brilliant fella.",0,0,"Jun  3, 2015"
10,"It has been a year since this album dropped, and it's still one of the most refreshing R&B albums you will ever hear.
The ridiculously detailed and dense instrumentals mixed together with D'Angelo's beautiful, soulful vocals for the duration of 12 tracks is simply a treat. It definitely has a lot of lasting power and forces you to listen to it again, and again, and again.
There is plenty enough for everybody to enjoy. From the slow and sensual 'Really Love' to the harsh and hard hitting anthem rock anthem of '1000 Deaths'.
Black Messiah is a beautiful, nearly flawless record. Can't wait for the next one!
Fav Tracks: All of 'em
Least Fav Track: *None",0,0,"Dec 31, 2015"
9,"9.0
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz",0,0,"Aug  9, 2016"
10,"OK. I can totally understand why someone wouldnt dig this album. The indecipherable lyrics; Dangelo playing all the parts like Eddie Murphy in The Nutty Professor; all that damn guitarI get that. I get it. That being said, Black Messiah is the perfect follow up album to Voodoo. If you liked Send It On, Devils Pie & Africa, theres no reason you shouldnt like this record. In short, this is real soul music, and youll be able to play it 20 years from now. Not only that, this mane plays the sitar, son. The SITAR! I think its safe to say that D-man is a musicians musician (and this is coming from someone whose instrumental prowess ended with sophomore year marching band). Status: Heavy Rotation.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2016"
8,"This could very well be the best we can expect from Prince at this stage of his career. Surprisingly fresh and confident, he's undeniably 'Princey' while at the same time embracing current musical trends. Trend-setting? Not anymore, but that's ok, he's past that and how could one hold that against him?",1,1,"Oct  1, 2014"
7,"How hard it seems for Prince (cough... cough...) to be sincere and true for a minute.
Just like his productions, he's packed in some cheap plastic condom, far from the real thing.",0,0,"Oct 14, 2014"
8,"Definitely the most consistent long play since 'Musicology'. There are actual songs here, not just jam ideas. As usual it takes about three times through it to really get the feel of whether its good or not, and its good. And those who deny he's relevant will have to re-think that listening to songs like 'Breakfast Can Wait' and 'Breakdown'. Those are top of game songs that define him like nothing else can for most other artists. Does he still sell 20 million CDs? No, but who does these days? He will continue to influence other musicians with this work and that's what keeps one relevant, even if the public doesn't get that. We'll be hearing this album in other songs for years.",0,0,"Oct  2, 2014"
9,"One of the best albums of the year, and probably Princes best in over 20. In fact, putting the rose tinted glasses to one side, i'd argue that even if this had come out during Princes 1980s creative peak it would still be considered a very solid entry. Its an extremely consistent record, 'Way back home' and 'Affirmation 3' are the weak links (although by no means terrible) while the remaining 11 songs range from good to great.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2014"
6,"Though the band is tight and rocks, the songs are not up to the standard the band sets. Its ironic, but its true -- they are certainly capable of better and you can hear it here. The songs mostly groove along in a sort of bland way, and then there are highlights that happen and just recede into the background again. Unfortunately, the tracks where one of the band members take lead just don't work, but the ones with Prince at the mic make up for that. I do love their sound, but the songs needed more than this group can deliver. Highlights are 'Wow', 'Fixurlifeup', 'Stopthistrain', 'Anotherlove' and 'Funknroll'. The rest are fine background songs, but that's about it. I bet they kick ass in concert, though!",0,0,"Oct  2, 2014"
6,"Definitely the weaker of the two new Prince albums. When its good ('AnotherLove' 'Wow' 'Fixurlifeup') its very, very good- good enough for me to give it a considerably higher score than I would have otherwise. Unfortunately outside of those 3 songs this is mostly a very throwaway album. 'Stop this train' and 'pretzelbodylogic'   are decent enough, there are several tracks that have no real Prince element to them, such as the consecutive trio of 'ainturninround' the instrumental title track and 'Whitecaps' ...not intolerable songs by any means but it feels like the star of the show is missing and you're instead listening to a generic girl rock group. Then theres the absolute lowlights of the album 'Boytrouble' probably takes the cake, again lacking an obvious Prince presence and containing some truly painful rapping. 'Marz' has potential but feels underproduced and half finished (it clocks in at under 2 mins) while album closer 'funknroll' is essentially a rubbish version of the song of the same name on Princes new solo release.
All in all, if 'Wow', 'FixUrLifeUp' and 'AnotherLove' had been plucked from this album and put on Art Official Age instead, PlectrumElectrumt would have literally no reason to exist.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2014"
10,"Saw many of these compositions live when Prince & 3rdeyegirl visited Portland, OR in 2013.  Longtime Prince fan have always dreamed of him putting out a unfiltered rock album......here it is and its lovely.  The ladies of 3rdeyegirl are much more present in these songs than the ladies in the Revolution were back in the day.  Straight up rockers 'Another Love', 'Ain't Turning Around', 'Fixurlifeup', 'Marz', and the incredible 'Plectrumelectrum' carry this album.  The latter song absolutely lit up the crowd at the Prince concert in Portland last year.....I mean the room was electric!  'Whitecaps' is a timeless ballad and 'Boytrouble' is a funky and very nice rap and 'tictactoe' is song that could have been on 'ArtOfficialAge.'  Excellent work, I'm so glad he did this one...its one for the ages!  Once people get past their little snarky 'Prince' issues and really listen to this album and 'ArtOfficialAge' they will come around.  Superb work!",0,0,"Oct 18, 2014"
10,"'Food' is one of the most perfect album of the year! Kelis did something creative with so many inspiration. A title that look so normal, but what have a greatest content than other actuality musics. Food's Pop is just a kind of originality. This one can satisfy all hungry soul.",5,5,"Jun 16, 2014"
9,"Kelis' most consistent release since 'Tasty.'  'Milkshake' brought that album the attention it needed; take it away, and you're left with an incredibly strong piece of work.  'Kelis Was Here' was a hodgepodge of R&B, hip-hop, and soulful mess, while 'Fleshtone' was a cohesive exploration of EDM.  Now, we're back to soulful R&B, vintage production, meaningful lyrics, and strong vocals from Kelis, a voice that sounds like it's deep-fried and downed with a pint of beer and finished off with a cigarette (seriously, someone should patent that vocal tone).  Standout tracks include 'Biscuits 'N Gravy,' 'Cobbler, 'Floyd,' and 'Forever Be.'",1,1,"Jun  5, 2014"
10,"This new album is too amazing for words. Since her past record, Flesh Tone, Kelis has managed to switch it up again using a theme that is also a main part of her life now, which is food! This album is full of sass & attitude, but also obviously conveys love.",3,4,"Apr 22, 2014"
9,"This is a truly phenomenal album. I was a fan of Flesh Tone, but this new direction comes as a huge improvement. I hope this record gets the recognition it deserves.",2,3,"Apr 22, 2014"
8,"Se eu pudesse fazer com que todos que leem esse humilde blog seguisse de fato minhas dicas, eu iria criar uma lista de dez artistas que voc precisa escutar e gostar. Um desses artistas com certeza seria a cantora Kelis. Mais conhecida pelo sucesso Milkshake de 2003, Kelis tem uma carreira praticamente irrepreensvel desde a sua estreia em 1999. Sempre seguindo no caminho mais R&B/soul a cantora tambm se arriscou e se saiu extremamente bem no eletrnico com o lanamento do sensacional Flesh Tone em 2010. Quatro anos depois, Kelis est de volta a msica e ao estilo que sempre carregou com maestria com o lanamento do timo Food.
Produzido exclusivamente por Dave Sitek (conceituado produtor conhecido pelo trabalho com a banda Yeah Yeah Yeahs), Food  um excelente trabalho que tem a capacidade de se exceder todas as bases primarias sem grandes arrombos de criatividade. A sonoridade bsica do trabalho  o soul, mas nas mos de Dave as canes ganharam um verniz mais alternativo e menos comercial. Adicionando toques de eletrnico vindos do trabalho anterior de Kelis do um toque mais apurado para as canes. Apesar da construo da sonoridade ser refinada e de uma inteligncia inegvel o que chama ateno nas faixas e, na verdade, a excepcional instrumentalizao feita. Cuidadosa em todos os detalhes e rica em quantidade e qualidade, os msicos por trs esto de parabns por um trabalho que pouco se ouve no mundo mainstream e, em alguns casos, no mundo mais alternativo. Kelis  dona de uma voz to crua com seu tom rouco que no precisa de muito para brilhar. Em Food, alm de ouvirmos esse maravilho tom, Kelis contempla quem ouve com performances sensacionais, versteis e explodindo de personalidade por todos os lados. Mesmo com temas seguros e composies slidas o lbum  uma lio de como fazer do simples obras impecveis e poderosas. Food  o tipo de lbum que precisa ser ouvido integralmente para poder desfrutar todas as qualidades, mas tenho que fazer uma observao: no comeo da faixa Cobbler  possvel ouvir vozes femininas e, depois, da Kelis falando em portugus. Essas vozes so do grupo brasileiro CSS (Cansei de Ser Sexy). Mesmo no podendo fazer quem l esse blog seguir qualquer coisa que escrevo espero que essa resenha seja capaz de fazer algum ouvir Food e conhecer a Kelis. Assim espero.",1,2,"Jul 11, 2014"
10,"Kelis has always been the chamaleon of music. she can sing pop, r&b, electronic and raw soul now. Food is amazing, even when my favorite album is Flesh Tone i can say this album is pretty much perfect and an AOTY contender.",1,3,"Apr 24, 2014"
10,"Listen, this album is everything and this review here proves why FOOD is possibly Kelis' best album and is defiantly already in the running for album of the year! http://fourplayblog.blogspot.co.uk/2014/04/fourplays-album-review-kelis-food.html",1,3,"Apr 24, 2014"
4,"As I predicted, Food was going to be a big disappointment. After listening to the album, I stand not corrected as the album was to be honest, dull. The only track worth listening to was 'Bless the Telephone'. I suggest Kelis returns to electronic music, because this album is not cutting it. She has a very unique voice, I must say....",0,4,"Apr 22, 2014"
10,"'Food'  um dos lbuns mais perfeito do ano! Kelis fez algo criativo com tantas inspiraes. Um ttulo que parece to normal, mas o que tem um maior teor que muitas outras msicas da atualidade. O Pop de 'Food'  apenas um pouco da originalidade que Kelis pode fazer. Este lbum, com certeza, pode satisfazer todas almas famintas que tem fome de msicas de alta qualidade!",0,1,"Oct 18, 2014"
8,"Pr mua , ky sht albumi m Kelis n karriern e saj deri tani . Medredhi e shum kng duke u emruar pas ushqimit ( haha ) . Tekstet e saj jan t mdha , instrumentale mahnitshme mendjenja e tij duke luajtur jetojn . Shum mund t nnvlersuar at dhe hedhin Ushqim pr nj rekord t xhazit t luajtur n nj dyqan kafeje . Vetm t jap kt nj shans , un jam i sigurt se kjo do t bhet nj t preferuar t shpejt n qoft se ju plqen Soul / R & B.
8/10",0,0,"Nov  9, 2014"
10,"'Food' is one of the most perfect album of the year! Kelis did something creative with so many inspiration. A title that look so normal, but what have a greatest content than other actuality musics. Food's Pop is just a kind of originality. This one can satisfy all hungry soul.",0,0,"Oct 18, 2014"
7,"Their formula is a decade old but their soul is still all there. Actually, with this record they seem to have gone a little forward in their 1965-1970 time bubble. Its great feat is sounding so impressively sixties; but there are truly beautiful songs on this new record, one for all 'Making Up and Breaking Up'.",1,1,"Jan 20, 2014"
9,"'Love in the Future', technically the fifth studio album by John Legend, is simply an amazing thing to hear!
These compositions in Legend voice are simply one of the most emotional I've ever heard. The drama that surrounds the tune of great love ballads like 'All of Me,' 'You & I' and 'The Beginning ...' is extremely graceful and passionate, as well as small stir 'Open Your Eyes' and 'Wanna Be Loved '.
In addition, we also find a great nostalgia on tracks like 'Made to Love,' 'Who Do You Think We Are' and 'Asylum' that make the album most dynamic to listen to. Certainly, the interludes make the album tedious little bit, but nothing you cannot forget.
Anyway, this album is great and very nice to hear. A great choice for those who want to start listening to John's discography, which is totally wonderful.",3,6,"Feb 23, 2015"
8,"Clearly Legend's voice has not deteriorated- it sounds as it did on his first album. Kanye stayed on as a producer on some of the songs, which matches Legend's style very well. 17 tracks and most of the songs could be strong singles for the radio. My only complaint with this record is that I would have liked more 'uptempo'  songs. As I listened to the album the word came to mind was 'sappy.'",0,0,"Sep  3, 2013"
8,"John Legend is one of the most talented musicians of the current generation and he never fails to deliver an excellent album. He weaves a compelling tale about the many joys and perils of love. His voice sounds as good as ever and this album has made me realise how hard I've missed his music over the past few years. His previous project was a collaboration with the Roots and although I liked it, it contained just one original song. Luckily on this album we get plenty of brand new songs. One of the two covers on the album  Open your eyes  which originally was written by Bobby Caldwell was adapted by Legend with such tenacity and vigour that you'd think this song was written just for him. Together with  All of me  I think these two are the stand out tracks although the majority of songs are excellent. The only thing I didn't really like about this album was the Rick Ross feature. It didn't feel right on an album that's so pure R&B. A must listen for any John Legend fan and for R&B-lovers in general",0,0,"Dec 19, 2013"
4,"Simply put: meh. One song was really great (All Of Me), and some were ok. Like I've read from other reviews, it's sappy and could use a bit more energy in most sounds. I would need to give it another good listen before setting my judgement into sand, but John Legend is not up my alley.",0,0,"Mar 30, 2014"
10,"A peerless compilation that offers both newcomers and diehards gems to cherish and tells a fully-fleshed story of this unique and incredible band. Essential.",0,0,"Aug 29, 2013"
8,"I don't know what's in the water in the UK these days, but the country is certainly producing its share of soul artists.  Russell, the daughter of an organist, lists Minnie Ripperton, Eva Cassidy, Chaka Khan and Jill Scott as musical influences.  Her new album, To Dust, does them proud.
A frequent flaw of throwback albums is that they can be a little one-note.  Not so here.  To Dust plays like an album should  listening is a journey.  Each song has its own signature, from the groovy 'Heartbreaker' to the melancholy 'I Loved You.'  The latter is the standout of the set  the sparse piano chords meld perfectly with Russell's smooth vocals, and when the beat kicks in as the song enters the second verse it's easy to feel like you loved him too.",0,0,"Oct  5, 2013"
10,"No one has the Kahunas to make albums like this anymore with heavy doses of experimental
funk,soul with multiple instrumental layering .
The best album of the year thus far.",0,0,"Apr 16, 2013"
10,"I'm not usually particularly interested in this genre but this album truly blew my mind. It's an instant classic with each track insanely catchy. Do yourself a favour and check it out. I give you my personal guarantee you'll love it. :P",1,1,"Apr 13, 2013"
9,"This was a fantastic album that I hope more people find and enjoy.  If James Hunter were Amy Winehouse, this could have been her next great album (minus the profanity)  the music is strikingly similar, like a great Motown album.  Probably go down as one of the great albums of 2013 that nobody heard.",0,0,"Jul 23, 2013"
9,"So underrated as an album and Skyzoo as an artist. There isn't a bad song on the album, the production is great, and Skyzoo's bars are fantastic. All of the features add something to the tracks they're on. Really, there isn't enough praise to put on this album. Check this out and give this the attention it deserves.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2012"
8,"Before the rise of the machines, it was a requirement that a group actually had to have sheer talent and showmanship in order to be successful in rock, soul and R&B.  This album comes from an alternate universe where that rule still exists.  Throughout this album the Heavy demonstrates a clear understanding and respect for the masters that came before them, but at the same time they're forging something new.  Criticism would center on the relative short length of the album.  With 10 tracks and a total length of just under 39 minutes, it's over just when you're really feeling it.",0,0,"Aug 24, 2012"
10,"Those who listened to their previous albums are going to be totally familiar with the sound. Same powerful beat, same powerful choruses, same gospel in some songs, same techniques.
Songs are not any worse and they are not any better. What we have here are the same awesomely good The Heavy in great form, simply more of them.
And I don't think it could've been any better and that we should ask for more. Songs are still emotionally touching, you still want to dance and clap and sing when you hear them. If you put previous album on repeat for around 3 months like I did, you're gonna love this one too, believe me.
Very great album imo and certainly a highlight of this year.",0,0,"Aug 21, 2012"
9,"Every once in a while an album arrives that no one saw coming, it arrives without fanfare and slowly grows to become a classic, Matthew E Whites Big Inner is one of those albums. Seven glorious tracks that exist at the point where soul, Americana, R&B and gospel meet to form a record of such crafted beauty that even upon first listen it feels like an old friend. White has enlisted the house band from his collective/studio and added to them with a 10 piece orchestra and a twelve piece choir, the results are a stunning sun drenched collection that brings to mind The Band, Neil Young, Al Green and The Polyphonic Spree. White obviously has a vast knowledge of music and skilfully blends all his influences into the compositions, but its the music that wins out all rich and layered while his slight voice floats over the top like a summer breeze. Lyrically we are in familiar territory love, sex, religion, death, several songs even contain mantra-style repartition and with such deep subject matter it would be easy to fall into the morose if it wasnt for the big band sound keeping you afloat. What White has done here is make a record that sounds new and fresh while at the same time borrows brilliantly from past masters and a long line of classic tradition, its in the place where these two things meet that we have found an amazing new talent.",1,1,"Jun  1, 2013"
9,"After one listen to this album I was hooked. I just wished it was longer. Do yourself a favor and check this one out. H I G H L Y  R E C O M M E N D E D!",0,3,"Oct  7, 2012"
9,"This album is so refreshing to the alternative music scene. Mixing Jazz, Soul, and Rock, Matthew E. White creates a sound all of his own. He utilizes   as many instruments as an orchestra to achieve many of the larger sounds that permeate this record.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2015"
7,"O que voc faz depois de j ter se estabelecido como cantora e ainda mais ter as rdeas completas de sua carreira sem precisar ser controlada por gravadoras? Voltar ao ncio de sua carreira. Apesar de no ser to literal, mas foi assim que a Joss Stone resolveu lanar o seu sexto lbum, The Soul Sessions Volume 2. Lanado pelo selo que ela criou o CD  a continuao do primeiro trabalho da carreira dela lanado em 2003 e que tinha regravaes de canes dos anos '60 e '70 e algumas canes contemporneas com novos arranjos. O que poderia resultar em algo datado ou com cheiro de desespero consegue se sobressair devido ao um componente fundamental: o talento de Joss.
O principio bsico de The Soul Sessions  a regravao de msicas e para isso precisa de uma cartela de msicas que faam jus a essa 'necessidade'. Infelizmente, aqui a escolha geral no  to boa quanto da primeira vez, mas tem boas escolhas. O mais curioso  que o lbum realmente deslancha l na faixa 8 e atinge a verso especial do lbum que contm quatro msicas. Se quando Joss lanou o primeiro lbum era impressionava com sua voz ainda crua com um poder impressionante, hoje a maturidade dos anos trouxe para ela uma sabedoria em saber como usar seu instrumento e tambm uma experincia vocal impressionante. Dentro do lbum temos alguns momentos que devo destacar: (For God's Sake) Give More Power To The People faz Joss invocar sua Aretha interior, The Love We Had (Stays On My Mind)  uma balada soberba para coraes despedaados, investindo em um rok/soul com um arranjo genial tem The High Road e da verso deluxe vem a acachapante Nothing Takes the Place of You. O lbum poderia ter sido muito mais, mas o resultado faz jus ao um pouco do talento da Joss.",1,2,"Oct 19, 2012"
10,"A wonderful Soul/R&B/Blues Record and full of covers,like 'Teardrops',but she knows how to cover a song with a lot of passion and spirit. One of the best voices today
Check out the song High Road (Broken Bell Cover),which is just amazing...
On 'Give more power to the people' you can hear the amazing voice....
The Soul Sessions, Vol. 2 is full of energy and love. She is a real singer.",0,1,"Aug 31, 2012"
7,"The Dexys band has returned after years of hiatus with their latest album, which has  rights to pretend to be the  best in caree. Tracks are largely a combination of various styles, but mostly compositions are dominated by one theme, for example: the instrumental 'Lost', classic-rock 'You' or a ballad that borders with a bit of sung poetry in 'It's OK John Joe'. An additional characteristic feature of the album is a bit waggish  vocal's style.",0,0,"Jun 18, 2012"
10,"Remembering the first time listening to Dexy's last effort Don't Stand Me Down is comparable to some of the greatest musical turning points of the 20th Century for me. And so, although originally hesitant about the new album, I am delighted to say that the new album attributed to just 'Dexys' is a triumph. From the crys of 'Attack! Attack!' in the opening track 'Now', it is clear that this is, in terms of quality, business as usual. However One Day I'm Going To Soar is a very different beast to all of the other albums. The interplay between two vocalists from Don't Stand Me Down is carried over with a new vocalist in Kevin Rowland's muse Madeleine Hyland. However, this album takes on a far more theatrical stance than that album. Lyrically, the album explores themes of loneliness and hope for the future (as the title suggests). However, in songs like the beautiful 'She Got A Wiggle', 'Lost' and 'Nowhere Is Home', I would argue that Kevin Rowland is soaring high already. As high as on Don't Stand Me Down? Only time will tell... 'Anything is possible.' as the man himself might say.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2012"
10,"This album was a worry once the news was out that Kevin would be duetting with a woman on his new album. How could one formerly so intense and perfectionist hand over vocal duties to some woman. But none of the reviews have mentioned what a magnificent job Maddy Hyland does on the two tracks she appears on. Certain reviewers have got it completely wrong saying that she is overacting. Of course, it's a particularly English trait to fear displays of open emotion in public. The thing is, she is spot on in her reactions, amazingly and inspiringly so. Kevin Rowland said he looked for 5-6 years for the right woman, and I can say, wholeheartedly, that he found her. Unlike so many vocalist out there, Kevin brings out the meaning of the words, and Madeleine Hyland matches him. I reviewed the album and said that a full half of the album is as great as the brilliant tracks on Don't Stand Me Down, and the other half of the album is almost at that level, but a couple of the other songs (She Got A Wiggle and It's OK John Joe) have come on so strong that they are up there with the best here. Th slightly weaker tracks are the first, and the last before the inspired monologue It's Ok John Joe: Free.  One Day I'm Going to Soar is not just a very good comeback, it's a brilliant album. The 5 tracks, Incapable of Love, You, I'm Always Going to Love You, Me, and Nowhere Is Home are the product of an undimmed genius, but every song on the album does him justice. This is in part due to the the detail of the instrumentation and production, which features many wonderful choices that create perfect moments. These are just a tiny part of the whole but add the depth that rewards many, many listens. Kevin manages the trick of making an album that is deeply soulful without falling into the usual trap of the music becoming wishy-washy and unfocussed. The album has a delightful soul tinge, but Kevin Rowland retains his laser-like intensity. Two new songs in a quarter of a century and then this. How on earth did he retain every last bit of the intensity that fuelled the genius of the first half of the 80s. He did it though unlike. This is unlike so many other artists who are, nevertheless, lauded clearly for simply being a name from the past. Music journalists either fool themselves or brazenly attempt (and often succeed) to fool the public into believing that greatness is still present (when there may not have been any in the first place). With Don't Stand Me Down, Rowland made one of those rare albums which stretches the boundaries of music; there, was greatness, in part signified by the lack of comprehension at the time by all those supposedly in-the-know who had, grudgingly, to come around later. True greatness was there then and, triumphantly, it flourishes still.",0,0,"Sep 30, 2012"
5,"All of these new R&B artists don't have the same soul feeling like early Stevie Wonder or Anita Baker. None of them have any stand out hits .  I feel a certain weakness in their  R&B where there should be solid hits. I have a yearning to want to like this music, but they are coming up just a bit short. Sorry...",0,7,"Oct  6, 2012"
10,"This album just sounds so great. It's like so hard for me to choose a single track that I don't like. Flawless, even better than Adele or Amy Winehouse IMO. :D",0,0,"Dec 15, 2012"
7,"A nice debut album from Rebecca with some really nice tracks. 'Nothing's Real But Love' lead the album but surprisngly there are better songs on there, as well as on the deluxe edition also.",0,0,"Feb  3, 2013"
6,"The tenth county album of Lionel Richie - which is dedicated to the singer's hometown - is a compilation of fourteen tracks, each of which was recorded in collaboration with other artists. And so we've got sentimental 'Angel'  on which appears Pixie Lott, lethargic ballad 'Endless Love' featuring Shania Twain and Rascal Flatts typical, energetic - 'Dancing On The Ceiling'.",0,0,"May 13, 2012"
8,"On The Ava Luna's debut album - 'Ice Level', man can find compositions almost entirely maintained in minimalist arrangements combined with an electronic background, which may somewhat resemble the work of Gorillaz - moreover, with equally positive overtones. Songs such as 'Calculus' and 'A Year of Mirth' keep a little weird, but cool climate - just like the rest of the material.",0,0,"Mar 30, 2012"
8,"Ruthie Foster, blues-folk artist from musical family in Gause, Texas - often compared to Fitzgerald or Franklin has just released her seventh album, that do not deviate too much from her previous recordings. We can find great, gospel 'Welcome Home' and 'Lord Remember Me', swinging 'This Time', varied by saxophone ballad 'You Do Not Miss Your Water', a capella song 'The Titanic', 'Everlasting Light' with exposed bass, and even a cover of Adele - 'Set Fire To The Rain'. High-flying album - not just for blues fans.",0,0,"Apr 26, 2012"
4,"At 33, I was a child in the 80's but I have fairly vivid memories of the sappiness of a lot of the soft rock hits that were so prevalent at the time.  That's what this Seal covers album reminds me of.  One listen, and I feel like I'm at the mall in 1982 shopping for some pants.  The production is nice and sparkly but the emotion is totally lacking.  Audio purgatory.",0,1,"Jan 25, 2012"
9,"This is a very soulful album. I'm impressed on how soulful this guy is. This is probably the most soulful album of the year. I'm glad that he is on Stones Throw Records, where the label is the home of Madlib, MF Doom, and the legendly J Dilla.",0,0,"Oct 27, 2011"
9,"I've been really impressed with this album, and I initially just played it at work because it set a nice mood, I would normally listen to hip hop but at work that isn't everyones favorite, but after its had a lot of time to marinate I've come to really appreciate this as the best modern day Motown sound I've heard in years. My favorite song is the short one, 'we're through'?, not sure if thats the name. Awesome soulful sound for singing in your house on a lazy Sunday. Nice.",0,0,"Jan 22, 2012"
5,"I love Joss Stone, but this is not a good album. I think that she didn't take her time with this album. I hate to give her a bad review,but I had no choice. Bad sound production, cracky voice, and bad music choices. I love her to death, but she CAN do better than this.",0,0,"Oct 27, 2011"
8,"Cutting down the overrated collaborations, and excessive production from her last two albums (Introducing Joss Stone and Colour Me Free), LP1 achieves a true Soul sound and feeling without losing a spark of pop that makes this album a great company.",0,0,"Aug  1, 2011"
4,"Even the best songs on this LP1 sound pretty weak concerning Joss standards and I'm taking into account her vocals too, which seem too angry and raspy for my ears. 'Drive all night' is a highlight but it's not even close to being a masterpiece. 'Karma' sounded promising at first listens but it didn't take me that long to realize how frustrating it turns out to be with the angry atmosphere where she's singing unemotionally words like **** and flat rhymes. Then we have 'Boat Yard'... and every other track seems too lavish, corny or forced. Sadly forgettable.",0,0,"Sep 22, 2011"
9,"HA. 73, huh? For a rock-steady Jill Scott record?Well, perhaps relatedly or unrelatedly, there seems to be a disappointing number of white listeners who really don't quite get it, especially when a brilliant black woman sings about love, happiness and kicking ass. Oh, which reminds me - If I could write a personal note to Jill Scott, it would be: 'Pretty please, could you record a cover of 'Love & Happiness?' Eternally yours, A.'This album is excellent.",2,2,"Jun 30, 2011"
9,"I very proud of her. Her first number one album. A good album, but it's not her best. I'm a big fan of Jill Scott and this album proves way. Her voice sounds very soulful and sexy. Keep up the good work, Ms. Scott.",0,0,"Oct 27, 2011"
9,"Very enjoyable free style cd. Jill nails a variety of styles (hip hop, r&b, soul, jazz, blues, spoken word, scat...) singing and giving life advice about love, family, relationships, religion, salvation, a very natural  & supernatural cd. Tracks 1 thru 5 and 7 thru 17(i bought the delux edition 17 track cd) have an incredible vibe and beauty to them. Topshelf instrumental support. Not many come around hitting all of these buttons. I could do without the male spoken part (abit too graphic for everyone's taste) to track 6 but Jill is simply perfect.",0,0,"Jul 19, 2011"
10,"Beautiful. This record has so much personality and depth to it, personally it deserves a 10. I would like to mention that this record further emphasises Jill Scott's neo soul style yet being so fearless of introducing new genres for her fans e.g jazz, gospel and her spoken word interlude 'Womanifesto' is a breath of fresh air for all of us. The order of the album is perfect and strategically placed. For example Quick and Making You Wait, two tracks where its form reflects the content of the track, played back to back illustrating the time/patience theme. Blessed as the introductory song updates her listener on her life and reminds us that the simple things in life are truly blessed. And Rolling Hills, a song, its theme is reminiscent of Lauryn Hills' Doo Wop (that thing), summarizes The Light of The Sun message, which I'll let the reader make their own message because the album is that universal.
Favourite song: Shame Best instrumentation: So gone (what my mind says)
Best Lyrics: Hear My Call
Catchy melody: Le Boom Vent Suite
Most fun: Quick",0,0,"Nov 28, 2012"
10,"In 1972 Marvin Gaye defied the odds. He took a risk which was to generate a political yet, socially conscience album. It was something that was very uncommon in that era, but he accomplish a lot with this album. The album is a classic on a lot of levels especially soul and r&b. Almost 40 yrs later he has earned a top 6 spot on rolling stones 500 best albums of all time and Grammy awards. Reserve this album I promise you will not regret it.",5,5,"Aug 15, 2011"
10,"Marvin Gaye's 1971 landmark album really is a great album, there's no debating that. Whether you're into smooth jazz or soul in general, this is the nectar of the Gods. My personal favorite track comes from the mellow funk groove 'Inner City Blues.' This record is definitely worth your time.",1,1,"Dec 12, 2011"
10,"You can never go wrong with a little Marvin Gaye, reissue or not. This album shows a king at the height of his prime; an athlete at his physical peak. It's also one of the most influential albums all time, perhaps the album that cemented Gaye's place in history. A near perfect classic.",1,1,"Jan  4, 2013"
8,"I'm gonna get crucified for this, but this album is perhaps a tad overrated - the title track overshadows anything else by a mile, and there is a fair amount that slips into smooth background music. Nevertheless, enormously influential and a landmark release, and everyone should give it a listen as a matter of course.",6,12,"Aug 10, 2011"
10,"Marvin Gaye along magnificent career records published as 'Let` s Get It On, or 'Here My Dear' but 'What  s Going On' reached the height of his career and achieved something that few artists achieve, innovate ... create, both musically and production (1971) without forgetting the message of the work, an absolutely revolutionary (Vietnam). one of the greatest albums ever made.",0,0,"Apr 13, 2012"
9,"Mr. Marvelous. The sweetest, most heartfelt voice to ever grace our ears and thank God it was settled inside of a brilliant overall musician like Marvin Gaye. His understanding of sound was unreal and the man was simply a bona fide legend. If any other artist dedicated an entire album to singing about political issues and how we should all love one another it would come across as preachy and self-involved, but with Marvin...no. There was not a hint of ego in his work. This is all soul. It's not a lecture, it's just concern. Genuine, soulful concern. Nobody quite like him. Nobody.",0,0,"Apr 18, 2014"
10,"Cannot understand how Marvin Gaye and persons like him, make such a number in the U. S. Marvin is a genius, in any and every sense of the word. In fact, the song, 'Night Shift', by The Commodores, might have been a reference to him, when the name, 'Marvin' is a part of the lyrics.",0,0,"Nov 25, 2013"
10,"This album rightfully deserves it's spot as the best Soul album of all time.
What's Going On is not only Marvin Gaye's masterpiece, it's the most important and passionate record to come out of soul music, delivered by one of its finest voices, a man finally free to speak his mind and so move from R&B sex symbol to true recording artist.",0,0,"Oct  1, 2014"
9,"I very talent singer. I'm impressed. He has a amazing voice. Well produced music and sound. The only negative thing about the album is its ending, but overall, awesome.",0,0,"Oct 27, 2011"
10,"A very good singer and rapper. This album tells a very interesting story about a soul singer who gets arrested for a crime he did not commit. The album is the perfect soul album and his hip hop fans will like it because he still has some hip hop in there. Another perfect album by Plan B!",0,0,"Oct  9, 2013"
9,"Black Joe Lewis's Scandalous is a fun, raw, soulful and blusey album.  And it is immediately good...no listens are necessary for the album to warm up to you.  BJL's energy on the album gives you a good idea of how great their live performances will be.",0,0,"Apr 15, 2011"
2,"I have absolutely no clue what all the fuss is about. 3 good songs. Overplayed TRIPE.",18,36,"May 29, 2011"
6,"I'm not actually sure about this one. It's very melancholy. I definitely prefer 19. 21 is good but does feature quite a few fillers. Basically, the really good tracks are REALLY good and the fillers are just meh. The ratio of fillers to hits is about 3:1.",3,3,"Nov 17, 2012"
5,"Adele is respectfully one of the most treasured artists of all time, but i wasn't too keen is album. Some tracks were soulful while the rest were moody, depressing and if I must say, 'boring' ballads. Not for me...",2,2,"Feb 18, 2014"
9,"It may be a little overrated but Adele and her team did an excellent job with this album. I'd rather hear this playing on the radio than those generic pop songs with lots of autotune and no lyrical content AT ALL. Very well developed though the topic on its lyrics may be a little repetitive, but it's understandable since writing music is what helped her get over her break-up. Very deep and emotional. It definitely deserves the awards it has been nominated for.",3,4,"Feb  5, 2012"
6,"'21' is the most successful album of the digital era, and we will probably never see any other album acquire this success. It will most likely reach the 'Diamond' certification in the US very soon, being the first album since 2004 Usher's 'Confessions' to do so. But does the album deserve all the success that it's getting? No one can deny the incredibly talented singer that it's Adele. Not many artists in the pop scene can own the stage only with their voices, and Adele is perfectly capable of doing so. If I were to grade Adele herself, she would probably get excellent score, but '21' is not that good. The album shares Adele's feelings after a breakup with her former boyfriend, and I think the record suffers of 'extreme depression' being 'Rumour Has It' the only song that it's not some kind of ballad. This is not necessarily bad at all, but it becomes a problem when most of the songs in the record are dull and forgettable. In my opinion '21' has 4 or 5 extremely good songs, that would make super successful singles (and in fact they have). But the rest of the record is not that good, unfortunately. I think Adele's success has more to do with how refreshing her sound is compared to what's on mainstream radio all day, her mind blowing performances, her interesting persona and of course, her great singles than with the quality of the album. However, it's a midly solid sophomore effort, and now that she is on top of the world I hope she can outdo herself and deliver an amazing third record. Everybody will look at her and that's a lot of pressure, but she has the talent to make it.Highlights: Rolling in the Deep, Set Fire to the Rain, Someone Like You, Turning Tables",3,4,"Mar 24, 2012"
8,"Perfect vocals, and great songs, this is a wonderful album, a mixed of perfect songs, really really lovelly, one of the best albums od the world.
Highlights: Turning Tables and Rumour Has It
Lows: Take It All and One and Only",3,4,"Dec 16, 2014"
8,"Oh, dear reader, I still stand by my belief that Adele is massively overrated. I still believe that the magazines and public idea that Adele is great for",2,3,"Nov 17, 2012"
9,"I don't understand why some people are giving a low score to this amazing album. The vocals of Adele are absolutely spectacular and the songs in the album are great. An incredibly fantastic album from Adele........",2,3,"Oct  1, 2012"
9,"Lady Gaga promised us the album of the decade. Unfortunately, she fell a little short, because Adele already had it. The album isn't perfect. It could use a little diversity, but all in all, our twenty-one year-old heroine is well on her way to becoming the next soul queen, up there with Norah Jones, Aretha Franklin, and Amy Winehouse.",2,3,"Jun 29, 2011"
10,"This album is literally perfection. If you think so otherwise, please take a minute to listen to these songs while reading the lyrics, and understanding the musical arrangement.",2,3,"Jun 18, 2012"
10,"Simply amazing the album tells a tale of lost love which is what everybody has felt one time or another the album is master class and from a singer whose voice is so memorising. One of the best albums of all time!",2,3,"Jul 21, 2012"
7,"I'm sorry with saying this, but '21' is overrated. 12 Songs: 6 songs very good, 6 songs only average. Her voice is fantastic, without a doubt. But honestly, this album could've been much better. Some songs are just too sketchy for me. Yeah, there are all sad love songs and that's also a thing that makes the disk a bit boring to me. Only rage against ex lovers that she still loves. Yeah, Miss Adkins, we've got it now. In other cases, only the music makes the song special. Best Songs:
Turning Tables
Rolling In The Deep
Set Fire To The Rain
Conclusion:
This album is really good, don't misunderstand me, but you now, with her voice this could've been much better.",2,3,"Aug  5, 2012"
10,"Adele's debut was great but this album is fantastic. Filled with songs - mostly ballads - which make your heart ache and your eyes glisten with tears of how they connect to your life, 21 marks Adele's throne in the heaven of pop music. songs such as Turning Tables and Set Fire To The Rain really make your heart melt whereas Rolling In The Deep, Rumour Has It, and Don't You Remember give you a sudden urge to do something (mostly sing along and try to hit that enormous and amazing note in RITD!). Overall, 21 marks a turning point in Adele's carreer and distinguishes her from other artists such as Celine Dion and Leona Lewis, making her reach summits that are beyond the reaches of others...",2,3,"Dec 21, 2012"
9,"Unique voice unusual to the industry: a very blues-like female contralto that can belt it like no other. Lyricism is your traditional simplicity, but the music is organic and full of ACTUAL INSTRUMENTS. It's almost like listening to REAL music for once. And let's take a moment to set it in.... 25 million sold. That's more than Maroon 5 in it's lifetime. That's more than Kanye West. That's more than a lot of people. It's impressive. This one person could bring my faith back into the music industry like Darren Hayes did 10 months later. It's a serious listen to with varying emotion. Some of it does sound very bratty at times, but it's good nonetheless. This is the one of the few times I'd recommend buying the album and being a part of the madness.",2,3,"Nov 19, 2012"
9,"Thesecond album of Adele reaffirms her fascinating talent, she has beat her skills, the album is better than the first, more mature, more sophisticated, more deep and hard. I love her.",2,3,"Nov 14, 2012"
7,"21 is a very good album as a whole. But looking at all the acclaim that 21 has garnered for itself, it's not very surprising that it will fall short of many people's expectations.
Six Grammys aside, was 21 really worth all the media attention; the accolades? The album skilfully deals with one dominant theme in particular; heartbreak. Anger in 'Set Fire to the Rain', sadness in 'Don't You Remember', irony in 'Rumour Has It', hopelessness in 'Take it All', revenge in 'Turning Tables', sincerity in 'Someone Like You', so on and so forth. Adele scrutinizes and carefully analyzes the single theme of heartbreak from many different perspectives as she tries to justify each viewpoint. Perfect for sappy little teenagers to quote on Tumblr pretending that it relates to them in one way or another.
There are some other themes, like in He Won't Go, Lovesong and One and Only, that still deals with love at its most trivial; just barely escaping the topic of heartbreak. But who could claim that these were actually the highlights of the album? Perhaps it was the heartbreaking songs that had put 21 in the limelight, because variety just couldn't have been it. It's great to have an exceptional songwriter every once in a while amidst commercial songstresses like Katy Perry, Rihanna and Britney Spears who barely write their own songs, or Taylor Swift and Carly Rae Jepsen who aren't as deep or intelligent as they might seem to be. But it wouldn't kill her to add in a little variety; spice things up a little, in the hopes that maybe, if she's feeling really creative and inspired, she'll even write songs which are not about love! Love is an evergreen topic a composer can rely on, but if one lets their career evolve around the same damn thing, it won't still be entertaining after a while. Now, she could explore with other genres and try out new things; which she hasn't, even since 19. Lady Gaga has been criticized for being so experimental she's losing her signature sound. Marina and the Diamonds and Lana Del Rey have been criticized over repetitive production in Electra Heart and Born to Die respectively. It's fascinating to know how Adele has escaped the critics in this area.
Her vocals couldn't have been it either. She performs great live, but so would many other popstars today if all they did was stand in front of a microphone and sing while occasionally throwing shade and being a little profane in a British accent.
You see, when people hear the word 'Adele', they think of heartbreak and sadness. The plump British girl who can sing. Social acceptance, perhaps. All the assumptions start rolling in that she's had a troubled past full of insecure misfit tragedies.
I've never mentioned that more often than not, pity might have impaired the general public's impression of the album; what you interpret of what I'm writing is solely up to you. Sympathy may have had a role to play in Adele's respected image, but then again, I'm not pointing fingers. Essentially, there will always be off-stream artists who are better than Adele in terms of songwriting and singing, work even harder, and is just waiting for that big break but never really got by to achieve that.  Whether or not one feels that her vocals forgive the fact that Someone Like You becomes the most overplayed song of the decade, or whether or not her songwriting justifies that she can still just stand on stage and still be a good performer; will be different for everyone to judge. But it's hard to deny that 21 will make an ideal playlist as for whoever is facing a difficult time getting over someone, or at least aspire to be in that mood for who knows what. While 21 may not fit into that idealist mold you've created for the perfect album you're seeking for, it's worth a listen or two. Not all would be impressed by her long notes and not everyone would appreciate the attention she's put in the little ideas she's came up with while pondering about love. But every now and then it's bound to come to you as 'almost interesting' or 'nearly relates to me'. I still have 21 on my daily playlist; Don't You Remember, Set Fire to the Rain, I'll be Waiting and Rumour has it being one of the better played songs. Adele stays in my music player as one of the well-played crooners beside Lady Gaga, Lana Del Rey, Bruno Mars and ABBA. Ultimately, whether or not I feel that the album is great will not change the fact that I still choose to listen to it everyday. So occasionally I will skip a few Adele tracks to listen to pretentious, manufactured Korean Pop singles, for pretty faces and a catchy beat are more than enough to grab my attention for a while.",2,3,"Jan  6, 2013"
10,"A great album  The singer sang the deepness feeling for her heart  ''Rolling in the deep'' and ''someone like you'' are my favourite songs  An amazing vocals with wide feeling expressions.",2,3,"Feb 19, 2013"
10,"For all those stupid people who talked bad about my beautIful Adele : you can all go **** your self **** this album is a 101% the best!!!!!!!!!! Daydreamers hold me",2,3,"Jun 21, 2014"
10,"21 is an instant classic of an album. Adele has an incredible voice and her talent for songwriting is undeniable. Nobody should ever get tired of any song on this album.",2,3,"Oct 13, 2013"
10,"This album is flawless. The songwriting is impeccable, and the production is superb. Every person who experienced love and heartbreak in his life can relate to this album. The songs vary from rage (Rolling In The Deep) to sorrow (Don't You Remember) to the state of being hopeful (I'll be waiting) and finally to the phase of forgiveness and moving on (Someone Like You). It's never boring, it makes your heart skip a beat with each song. It's a brilliant record.",2,3,"Nov  2, 2014"
7,"Quite a bit more uneven than her first album, but there's some standouts here for me: 'Rolling in the Deep' 'Turning Tables' 'Someone Like You'. What always stands out, even on the less memorable pieces, is Adele's stunning voice: she is one of the most vocally talented musicians out there today.",3,5,"Jul 23, 2011"
8,"I think Adele is a great vocalist, that will affect and inspire many from now and on! And I can see it in the album!!!Such songs as Rolling in the deep, Someone like you, Turning Tables, Don't you remember and One and only are surely worth to be listed as highlights on the album as they bring such an emotion that you couldn't expect from a 22 year-old woman!The rest is nice but not perfect!",3,5,"Oct 25, 2011"
5,"Adele intrigues us with something new for the first two songs, but then it all fades away into boring and banal same old-same old melodies about a clich - he left her, now she's sad. Adele could have just put 'Someone Like You' instead of the most part of the album, and the effect would have been be the same",3,5,"Apr  3, 2012"
10,"One of my favorite artists of all time, soulful, true to herself, genuine, moving, and every track is so enjoyable and wonderful, done with so much respect to original artists when a cover is done  I love you Adele!",3,5,"Nov 28, 2013"
10,"Best album of the decade.",3,5,"Dec 19, 2014"
10,"This is the best album of this year so far. All of the songs here are well-written and full of emotion that the audience can easily relate themselves to. With an instant classic and Grammy-nominated potential album like 21, I really cannot believe why it got only 76 points. All the mixed reviews are full of hatred and maybe the people who wrote those reviews need to check their definition of what is called ' true music '  !",8,14,"Mar  4, 2011"
7,"Adele's voice works great throughout the album, saving a couple of the songs which are aren't worthy of her pipes.  All in all though, a much needed better return from her first album '19' - which I thought was sappy.",4,7,"Feb 28, 2011"
9,"I'll sum up my review with the word 'heartbreak', for various reasons. When one decides to give '21' a listen, they'll find that most of the songs evolve around the theme of heartbreak. The lyrics are dep, insightful, and poetic, without ever lapsing into pretension. Adele's voice (already known for it's flawlessness) is in top form here, as she moves from soft emotion to belted power with perfection. She sings with soul and blues that come from a past age while remaining entirely relevant. The result is heartbreaking for the listener, as that pitch-perfect voice helps dig out emotions that you may not usually feel. Finally, the album's major flaw also deals with heartbreak: there's too much of it. While the album is brilliant, it does become repetitive, with almost every song being a depressed, emotional cry for love. However, this is a minor flaw that can be overlooked. '21' is brilliant.",4,7,"Jul  5, 2011"
10,"This album is amazing! She has completely grew up and i am proud of her. The songs 'Someone Like You' and 'Turning Tabels' for example, shows how talent she is. To me, this album is 10 out of 10.",4,7,"Mar  1, 2011"
10,"Adele has a talent that people wish they had. You can't help but fall in love with this album after you listen to it once. Adele is a true artist and you will not be disappointed purchasing 21.",4,7,"Mar 13, 2011"
9,"The thing about pop music is that it has roots in any genre, and of course, some might appeal for marketing, leaving it all too over-flooded by scheme productions, and some might leave their influential essences on it. In that case, Adele fits perfectly as some bluesy and soul influenced who got a way to make it sound radio friendly and melodically fitting for popular taste. That's what pop's all about, to captivate people with its own, though, commercial style. Well,",4,7,"Apr 28, 2011"
4,"With all the praise surrounding this piece, it falls suprisingly flat for me. Even after a few listens, I have trouble distinguishing between songs. All of the tracs deal with the same subjects : Heartbreak, Love, Betrayal. I can appreciate the depth of emotion in this record, however, to describe it in one word...it's boring. That's it.",7,13,"Mar 27, 2012"
3,"I don't understand a single person who could survive listening to all 11 tracks on the album. It's all pretty much about the same thing, love, break up, depressing and all the rest of it. On on album you expect variety but this one. Just the same track repeated over and over with different lyrics. If you wanna listen to depressing screeches for 48:12 straight go ahead and pick up a copy of 21. If you want variety. Forget it.",13,26,"Nov 20, 2011"
8,"A great change from what we usually see in the charts. 'Rolling In the Deep' was a great choice as a first single, as it made me get the album as soon as I could. Love it.",3,6,"Jun 19, 2011"
10,"I loved the un-pretentiousness and softness of the album. Love it! Adele has a unique voice, but in a few songs she reminds me on P!nk - and that's not a bad thing!",3,6,"May 25, 2011"
10,"Adele never lets you down. You know, Adele gives you the 'clean, high quality, polished' music feeling when you listen. Some songs are ear-worms, some are classics that won't be forgotten. And in this era full of bubbly-pop, Adele is like a refreshment.",3,6,"Aug 14, 2011"
9,"The albums sound a tad bit repeatitive, but listen to the lyrics and the vocal perfomance and you help to appreciate the album, my standout tracks are Someone Like You, Rolling IN The Deep, Rumor Has It, Turning Table, and the impressive vocal performance of Dont You Remember.",3,6,"Nov 14, 2011"
0,"Overrated garbage. Adele can sing but this album is just awful ! the only song i liked was Rolling In The Deep which got annoying after radios overplaying it.",3,6,"Jun 25, 2012"
10,"21 is absolutely stunning, for me is one of the best albums of all times. Adele has a magnificent vintage voice and her songs are simply amazing. Love songs like Don't You Remember, Someone Like You, Hiding My Heart and One And Only show the incredible capacity of Adele to do lyrics about love, the most beautiful but painful thing in the world. All the songs are brilliantly produced. I was waiting for a album like for a long time. Adele is in my opinion, one of the best artists ever in the music history.",3,6,"Dec 15, 2012"
8,"This has to be one of the best albums to come out in a  few years!!! Adele is a true artist, someone who writes from her heart and soul! This whole album is perfect to listen to if you're going through a break-up! Just sit back and let those tears flow :) The production on this album is tight! I give it 8/10",2,4,"Feb 23, 2011"
9,"Absolutely stunning. Though I think there's so much 'heartbreaking' topics in the album, Adele's powerful voice really makes the day! The most particular thing is the incredible Adele's capacity to go through different types of styles, as we can see in 'Set Fire to the Rain' and 'Don't you remember'. So far, one of the most incredible albums ever in the 21 st century! (Album's name says it: '21')",2,4,"Jul 18, 2012"
9,"Adele's previous album",2,4,"Apr 18, 2011"
7,"Aside from 21's biggest problem -- its insistence on recycling the same sound throughout its short eleven-track course -- Adele's phenomenal and almost magical voice and lyrical melodrama make this album one of the most enchanting listens of 2011.",2,4,"Oct 20, 2011"
9,"There's a reason this album has been so popular this year. Lead off single Rolling In the Deep and Set Fire to the Rain show off the raw power of her voice, infusing elements of rock and blues. Meanwhile, songs like Someone Like You showcase her emotional vulnerability (she actually sounds like she's crying). Though those three are the best songs, the other songs are mostly good, too. The middle of the album drags a little bit, since it is very ballad-heavy, but overall very good, and a big improvement over 19.",2,4,"Aug  3, 2011"
7,"A very soulful and powerful album, mostly revolving around breakup. Adele packs quite a punch with her stunning vocals. It is probably the most moving and touching album of the year... so far.",2,4,"Aug 29, 2011"
8,"A solid and generally enjoyable album, plenty of easy to listen to songs sung with what has to be acknowledged as a fabulous voice. The curtain raising Rolling in the Deep and closer Someone Like You are by far the highlights. Sandwiched in between these are 9 soul/pop tracks that vary in both quality and originality. I feel the first and final thirds of the album are the stronger parts with a dull middle section. There are shows of obvious talent in parts while there is also some stuff which I could only describe as lounge music. Not what I'd call an essential record but at the same time very much worth a listen and it really does have some gems on it. 'Rolling In The Deep' is a truly great song and has it all - vocals, tune, production - a real anthem. Maybe Adele suffers a little from what I'd call U2 syndrome - talented and deservedly hugely successful but also overplayed to saturation point which makes it difficult to appreciate just how good the songs are after a while. You get to the stage where you become numb to the songs. If she was undiscovered she'd be one of these cult artists.",2,4,"Sep 25, 2014"
9,"Beautiful voice; powerful and meaningful. All the songs are very heart-warming and touching. However, I found the songs rather repetitive. Other than that, it is a perfect album. The song that stood out to me the most was 'Someone Like You' - such a heart-breaking song. A simple piano accompaniment was a fantastic decision to show off Adele's gorgeous vocals. Great job, keep it up!",2,4,"Nov 14, 2011"
9,"The 'IT' girl of the year is an unlikely pop princess. Bolstered more by her talents than her looks and 'gimmicks', Adele brings in memories of pop powerhouse 'Dione Warwick', and soulful singer 'Aretha Franklin'.  She is essentially the anti-'Lady Gaga'. 21 cemented her place as one of the best singer in the business right now, with some of the best vocal performance in recent memory. One of the year's best album.",2,4,"Nov 16, 2011"
9,"One of the best albums of 2011, Great audio quality,mixing & production. I'm a metalhead and audio engineer, this is not really my style of music but it's still a great album with a great production. Haters gonna h8.",2,4,"Dec 12, 2011"
10,"I 'LOVE' this album........I think this is the best album i had ever listened to!Adele such an inspiration and a great singer as well.  Everything about Adele is just wonderful . She really has the talent. Well done Adele ! 21 fabulous album forever",2,4,"Nov 23, 2011"
9,"This album has surprised me very positively for the take Adele has on its major themes. Vocally and lyrically, it is a great album as well. Her voice in 'Don't You Remember' and 'Someone Like You' makes 21 worth listening already. 'Rumor Has It' and 'Lovesong' are very interesting tracks in terms of experimentation, I'd say. They are responsible for giving the album its most important moments of breathing in a sea of pop/soul-oriented songs. The lyrics are strong at most and very touching in some tracks, especially in 'Set Fire to the Rain', 'Take It All', and 'Rolling in the Deep'. Despite being a 100% reflection of a bad relationship, Adele's different approaches to singing her lack of luck in love make this album something one should not ignore. It may sound over the top saying that, but this album sounds as the savior of pop song in 2011, a year with major acts relying too much on how to do whatever on the dance floor, instead of thinking about anything else - not to mention all the auto tune 'divas' we were exposed to throughout the year.",2,4,"Dec 30, 2011"
10,"Without a doubt 21 is a masterpiece. The flowing integrity of the album is simply astounding, starts with the singers breakup, progresses to loneliness, and eventually accepts everything. Rarely does an artist spill their heart onto an album, and make it pleasurable for the listener, it includes up-beat meaningful tunes that pull on emotional cords, all combined with a magical voice.",2,4,"Jan 15, 2012"
7,"21 is Adele's sophomore album after '19'. It is a compilation of love ballads, about Adele's relationship fallout. The album was produced by a number of producers, 'Ryan Tedder', being one of them.Adele's sophomore attempt is a huge success. Adele showcases the raw, spine-chilling, power of her beautiful voice among tracks like 'Someone Like You', 'Turning Tables' and 'Set Fire To the Rain'. Her vocal performance on the 80s rendition-like 'Rolling In The Deep' is amazing, and is one of the standouts of the album. Adele's songwriting ability is also to be given a tremendous amount of appreciation. Her heartfelt lyrics on 'Someone Like You', and 'Rumor Has It' is impressive, and shows her maturity as a songwriter.On the other hand, the album's depressing mood may not appeal to everyone, with most of the songs sounding the same, somewhat because of the production. Adele's voice may be the only thing that makes songs like 'Rumor Has It', and 'He won't Go' listen-worthy.Nevertheless, 21 is a great album that features great tracks, but its monotonous themes and depressing mood makes it far less epic than it is made out to be. Adele's third album will be the decider to judge how versatile she is as an artist, or whether she can only stick to the same breakup ballads as '21'.",2,4,"Jan 23, 2012"
8,"On her debut '19', Adele sounded like a childish confused brat but on '21' she delivers some really diverse and touching songs, strong, emotional lyrics and her matured, powerful voice. The production is miles ahead of her debut, making this sound more comfortable and less insecure than you could have imagined. Adele's tales of heartbreak are likely to reach out to many, but for now we can just celebrate how good a musician Adele has become.",2,4,"Jan 20, 2012"
10,"No amount of classy stylish production can hide the power and stunning beauty of the voice here. What a fabulous collection of songs. Even the cover version of the great Cure track is great!",2,4,"May 19, 2012"
1,"All filler, no killer. 21 is the most overhyped, depressingly boring and uninspiringly dull album ever released by anybody ever - the cover of The Cure hit Lovesong makes the original sound like the 'happiest song ever'. Sure some of the other singles are slightly better in quality but the filler songs are exactly as described - filler. There is nothing interesting about this album, its a waste of time and space when there are far better musicians out there that sing the exact same types of songs but with more interest and excitement, why everybody decided to go 'emo' and buy this is anyone's guess. (Note, no this is not an 'emo' album but its the only way I can describe it (its like the Mad World cover that was Xmas No. 1 back in 2003) since its so depressing it would make optimists jump off buildings).",1,2,"Jan 11, 2014"
9,"Soy un gran seguidor de Amy Winehouse, asimismo, de Adele, la razn de ello es su estilo... Y quien mejor que llevar las riendas del Soul que Amy dejo previamente preparadas que Adele! Tan melodiosa y expresiva! Gran trabajo!",1,2,"Dec 17, 2014"
8,"Chasing pavements inevitably leads someone somewhere, and in the case of twenty-three year-old Adele its taken her to a place everyones been to: the alley of broken hearts. Inspired by a devastating break-up the singers sophomore record, 21, weaves music and lyrics in such a precise way that the heartache becomes almost vicarious to the listener. Like most songs on her debut album, tracks on 21 are produced in a simple and basic manner to allow the vocals to shine through; only this time the album doesnt sound as optimistic and trend-influenced as 19, which was released months after the enormous success of fellow British singer Amy Winehouse.
21 doesnt remind the listener of any other record because, on first listen, the album is too relatable; the brain leaves no space for recollection but for ones own struggles with love.  The (slightly overproduced) mid-tempo Set Fire to the Rain sets a battlefield for contradictory emotions and captures the albums main essence: an exploration of masochistic self-conflicts while attempting to move on from destructive relationships. Partially retrospective (My hands, they were strong /But my knees were far too weak /To stand in your arms /Without falling to your feet), the song oscillates between piano-driven verses filled with hope for reconciliation and a lushly-arranged, self-liberating chorus with belting raspy vocals.
21s first single, Rolling in the Deep, kicks off with a throbbing, threatening beat as Adele marches away from this draining romance. A fusion of epic pop hooks, bluesy rhythms and gospel clap this revenge anthem disavows any chances for making up.  On Turning Tables, an acoustic tune where the piano and strings contribute to the narrative just as much as the evocative lyrics and raw soulful vocals, the singer confirms her final decision (Its time to say goodbye to turning tables).
Despite the rage portrayed by the invading, aggressive beats and intense vocals in the first few tracks the records last song, the piano-and-vocal somber ballad Someone Like You, expresses hope for outgrowing the pain. Sounding more vulnerable than ever, Adele travels to the future where shes forgiven her former lover to say a final bittersweet goodbye.",1,2,"Jul 13, 2013"
10,"This will probably be one of the most well known albums throughout music history. With over 22 million copies worldwide, the stunning vocals and music of this album have left a stain on the Earth that will not be cleaned up for quite a few years",1,2,"Nov  1, 2013"
9,"This is obviously a better album than her debut effort. The sound is interesting, from the mid-tempo 'Rumour Has It' to the piano ballad 'Someone Like You'. While being very appealing, the album manages to tell a story of a then-21 years old Adele pretty well. Seeing from how well the album is selling (I think no album has sold like this since the age of piracy began), it will absolutely be remembered for decades or even maybe centuries.",1,2,"Nov 18, 2013"
0,"boring boring boring and boring, everything about this album is boring. Adele have an amazing voice but this album sucks!! it could be better if she stopped to talk about her break up in every song.",1,2,"Dec 10, 2013"
10,"'21' marked the transition for Adele from well-known singer to international pop singer, and this album shows you why. The songs are just magnificent and her voice is just breathtakingly beautiful.",1,2,"May 30, 2014"
9,"Adele shows her genius once more in a different way on the album 21. While it is extremely different than 19, Adele releases at least four songs that I consider brilliant (Rumor Has It, Someone Like You, Rolling in the Deep and Turning Tables), as well as what I feel is her best in Rumor Has It. The kind of sound you don't hear from anybody nowadays is present on 21.",1,2,"Sep 14, 2014"
3,"Boring as hell. Rolling in the Deep is a really nice song, but the rest are so boring. She has a beautiful voice and she could do so much better with it,",9,19,"Apr  9, 2011"
4,"Mediocre and  pretentious work, nothing musically creative, low quality production, the only really good songs on the entire album are Rolling In The Deep and Set Fire To The Rain. Even though Great vocals and beautiful lyrics. Obviously overrated.",8,18,"Jan 16, 2012"
9,"an album full of soul that doesn't rely on hype to be successful. Adele has shown everyone that all you actually need is a voice and a good song filled with emotion and class. one of the best albums of the year and the best voice right now and i'm so glad she received this amount of success.",4,9,"May 30, 2011"
10,"Adele is such a good artist. Beautiful voice and music and she's the 2nd best singer (The Weeknd is the first). I bought this album for my mom and she loved it i checked it out it was one of the best albums of 2011",4,9,"Feb  3, 2012"
10,"You will worship this album... in fact, you already are but you don't know. Like a critic said, after listening a few times to the album, you'll feel like you always knew them. This is quite true. If you loved 19, 21 will make you forget it quite fast.",3,7,"May 28, 2011"
6,"With all of the buzz surrounding this I thought I had to check it out. After hearing a few songs I realized that I had already heard them on the radio or something and that I liked them. Then I listened to the rest, and decided that its not bad, but that its not something I am going to listen to on my own time either. But then I stumbled across the metacritic's critic top ten picks for music in 2011, and was flabbergasted. I mean this, really? Come on it is not that good, not good enough for that many critics to pick it number 1. Then I found myself wanting to give this album a really low score just cus critics are for some reason picking this over the black keys' new album el camino(my favorite album right now). But I stopped myself, it bugs me when other people do it, so i wont either. However, next time I hear an Adele song on the radio, I think I am just going to change to another station.",4,10,"Dec 20, 2011"
10,"Compared to 19, this album",4,10,"Mar 23, 2011"
3,"I want to say that I love Adele! But the album sounds all the same, Set fire to the rain, Someone like you and Don't you remember are beautiful songs, but the rest is all the same and I want to add that rolling in the deep is a terrible song. BORN THIS WAY IS SO BETTER! IS THE ALBUM OF THE DECADE! so maybe all the people is buying the album but I will not do that because it don't worth the money! XO!",4,10,"Oct 28, 2011"
8,"Adele. She's truly been a breath of fresh air this year. She's managed to let her slower songs take over peoples playlists in a time where dance songs run rampant. She's managed to bridge the gap and appeal to both young audiences and the older adult audience. Her strong voice and mopey sad love songs ave captivated many. '21' is a really solid album. Adele manages to drag you into her pit of despair. What's remarkable is her ability to get the audience to genuinely  understand and feel for her. I do need to point out that she gets screechy a few times (it's noticeable on 'I'll Be Waiting.')  The standout on the album is most definitely 'Set Fire to the Rain.' Its one of the greatest songs I've come across this year. Its powerful and epic which makes it the black sheep of the album but it strangely finds it place and fits.",2,5,"Aug 23, 2011"
10,"I",2,5,"Nov 21, 2011"
7,"Without any incredible sounds, without any incredible video and without any fashion style Adele made a good album, for all the ages. Congrats. ( sorry for my English )",2,5,"Mar 25, 2012"
7,"Good album. Some of the songs feel a little repetitive on repeat listens. Her silky voice commands attention. But after a while the songs are a bit 'samesy'",2,5,"Mar 26, 2012"
10,"What a great album.Adele puts her heart and soul into this album.Great songs from Rolling in the Deep to Rumour Has It this is something to hear.21 is a album that you will love.Adele is a amazing singer.This is something you will enjoy and worth your money.",2,5,"Mar 31, 2012"
10,"Just after listening to it once, I became addicted to the album. Definitely one of my all-time favourites. Songs like 'Rolling in the Deep', 'Someone Like You' and 'Set Fire to the Rain' are main highlights of this album.",3,8,"Apr  9, 2011"
3,"On hearing 'Rolling in the Deep' on the local alternative station, I decided to download the album. This ended up being a major disappointment. Besides the single, there was nothing exciting or fresh to be excited about. To me is was just pop with a tinge of blues and soul, with no real originality being put into it. No suprise here it's been number 1 on iTunes for so long...",7,19,"Apr  6, 2011"
10,"OK first off..  Amy and Duffy??  wth are you smoking..
This woman is in a class of her own and a truly rare talent.
I preordered her latest release and im blown away...It will leave you captivated and wanting more.",4,11,"Feb 24, 2011"
1,"2 good songs! Someone Like You and Set Fire To The Rain. Nothing else is good! Rolling in the deep is kinda good. Besides that nothing!!!! Hope she makes a better 3rd album!",4,11,"Sep  4, 2011"
10,"It's amazing. It's as simple as that. Her voice is so soulful and beautiful, it cannot NOT touch you in some way. The orchestration and the piano suit her perfectly.Both her albums are absolute must-buys.",3,9,"Nov 27, 2011"
4,"Her voice is so beautiful, but most of these songs are really depressing or boring, Rolling in The Deep is, in my opinion, the only catchy and good song from this album.",2,6,"Apr 14, 2012"
10,"Although Foo Fighters' 'Wasting Light' was my favourite album of 2011, Adele's '21' crosses, age and gender lines to create a solid album which everyone can enjoy. Her voice is majestic, the lyrical quality is transcendent and the music is catchy as hell. While the Foo's may have made my favourite album, Adele has made the best record of 2011. Great music is BACK.",1,3,"Feb  6, 2012"
8,"While it lacks the peculiar charm '19' had, her immensely powerful vocals sweep the floor. Less bluesy and jazzy and more leaning towards Pop, '21' is a step in the right direction despite losing some of the original pep. '21' is less pep, and more sass, which is by no means bad - just different.",1,3,"May 14, 2012"
10,"An album for the grand history of music. Adele continues to shock the world at such a very young age. Her vocals and her insightful and telling storytelling are well-beyond her years. There is a reason why this album saved a declined music industry. We wait in anticipate for your next brilliant year, Adele.",1,3,"Dec 29, 2014"
5,"Million dollar voice, totally generic songwriting. It doesn't venture into any waters that haven' been sailed through a thousand times before by soul and R&B singer, and the cliche lyrics and backing instrumentation fail to prop up the songs here. Adele has little to say beyond examining a failed past relationship. She'd be more tolerable if Florence Welch of Florence + The Machine wasn't doing the female British singer act so much better at the same time.",1,3,"Jul 13, 2012"
2,"Nothing good here at all. Personally, I don't like her voice. IT'S ALL ABOUT THE SAME THING. Rumor Has It is one of the worst songs I've EVER heard. Rolling In The Deep was alright, average at best. Just a screechy over-rated album.",1,3,"Apr 14, 2013"
0,"well, i dont like her, i dont like this album, and i hate how it is overrated... i just hope she comes with something GOOD in her next album, not about ex and cheatting sh*t",1,3,"Apr 28, 2013"
2,"It seems that I am the only one who dislikes Adele. I guess it just isn't my genre or something, but I am not impressed with this. The only decent song is 'Rumour Has It'.",1,3,"Aug 14, 2013"
0,"Very bad album. Adele has a nice voice, but the lyrics and melody are suck. My mother make better lyrics than Adele and her producers...........................",3,10,"May  2, 2012"
1,"Adele Makes Me Mad..
Yes We Get It She Can Sing.. I Dont Like It That Everyone Says 'Adele Is The Only Current Artist Who Can Carry A Tune Live' Hello People Bruno Mars, Lady Gaga, Florence And The Machine?
The Album Is Nothing Special At All Is The Most Overated Album Of All Time! This Album Win's 5 Or 6 Grammys Florence And The Machine Is Ignored..",3,10,"May 30, 2012"
0,"This is a very boring album! it has 4 good songs! And when i hear the album i might fall asleep. It is not radio material, but the grammy voters eat albums like this up! In my opinion Born this way deserves album of the year but 21 is a good choice as well !",3,12,"Jun 29, 2011"
5,"It gave me mixed feelings while listening to it. Only 4 songs (Rolling In The Deep, Set Fire To The Rain, Someone Like You, Rumour Has It) make this album somehow interesting, the rest of them are so monotonous. I just cannot understand why it is so much overrated. OK, Adele is a good artist with a nice voice but this overexposure of her really makes me wonder why. An average job.",1,4,"Oct 15, 2012"
0,"Crap. Chicks voice is cracking all over the place. Not a good singer. Don't waste your time, it's not worth it. Totally overrated, not seeing the fuss whatsoever",4,18,"Aug  8, 2011"
0,"And we really have an album with more of the same, with nothing innovative or influential, the disc has good lyrics but does not come close to its predecessor, and I feel at this point in his career the lack of personality that will be a watershed and come become a model to follow, as it comes to criticizing the sales Monster will give a super evaluation ...",1,6,"Nov 19, 2015"
5,"I Like This Album Better Than 21, But Adele Has Real Talent... Rolling In The Deep Is A Great, Creative Song... Some Of The Other Songs Are Nice, But Sound Alot Alike.... In My Opinion Adele Should Keep To Fast Pop Like Rolling In The Deep... She Can Still Have Slow Songs, Just More Fast Songs To! Adele You Have Talent...",1,9,"Jun 24, 2011"
0,"Morose, Dull, Uninspiring, Middle of the road, Non-offensive blandness. Of course everyone is drawn to her as shes a stripped down pseudo soul-pop singer who popped up as a counter to the over the top electro-pop trend, right place right time. Imagine if she released this album in the mist of the mid 00s when this stuff was all over the place, no one would bat an eyelid..much like her first album as a matter of fact.
A great songwriter she is not (for one read the amount of songwriters credited on each song, not so personal as she claims) the lyrics are nothing that Alanis Morrisette or Liz Phair have done before, and Adeles lacking the punch and passion of the former. Instead were met with a collection of easy listening flat instrumentation with cliche break lyrics knitted to very standard Melody.
Adele was among a batch of artists in the UK that came about after Amy Winehouses Back to Black had got big alongside Duffy and Gabrielle Cilmi, Adele timed her release just right and she filled the hole for when Amy Winehouse died to claim the throne of queen of the middle of the road pop. Not too cheesy to alienate parents, not too retro to alienate the teenagers. The music being artistically flat has no bearing on what people are looking for in Adele. Why have groundbreaking, experimental and challenging music when you have this teenage-white girl singing mature orientated songs? I think peoples admiration of her is more down to the fact that she lost a load of weight, rather than her raw lyrical output. Lets see where she is come release of her next album.",1,13,"Nov 12, 2012"
8,"The maturity with which she delivers these 11 songs is astonishing, brought to life by her undeniable vocal ability and a commitment to deliver beautifully crafted songs without ever having to resort to calculated melodrama. Adele has without doubt, come of age.
http://hackskeptic.com",0,5,"Mar 30, 2011"
8,"It's hard to say that you really really like all the track an album offers you, but this was my case: I've enjoyed and loved them all! At some point they sound a bit like the same in structure or lyrics, but 21 is clearly an album that has to be heard and taken as one of the greatest achievements of 21st century music. Adele (with her brilliant and peculiar voice, her strong feelings and the sorrow she constantly expresses) has made a remarkable job. So all the excellent critics are well deserved. We'll be waiting for what's coming next, but I truly doubt that any future material can compare to this one.",0,1,"Apr 13, 2014"
7,"Even though Adele has left the teenage image behind, embracing a new level of the same concept, 21's catchy singles overshine other very good songs, emphasizing a poorly distributed climax throughout the album (which also gives one the possibility of cutting the album in half without affecting its quality) and enhancing the expectations over the singer for a killer third album.",0,1,"Aug 25, 2014"
6,"This album was - for the most a low grade release. I try not to focus on comparing artist albums with there previous releases - but i can't help it. Rockferry sold 6.5 Million across the globe and was met with outstanding reviews, it won a Grammy award and won the prestigious 'MasterCard British Album Award' at the Brit awards, and for the right reasons. This album however is lacking, not lyrically, but i feel vocally is where is album fails. Duffy has an incredable voice, her vocal range is outstanding (Warick Avenue at the Brit Awards for example) - but for the most she does nothing catching on this album, just when you think she's about to belt out a note or two she just doesn't. I'm a huge fan of Duffy, but i am very disappointed with this album. Although saying that - 'Well, Well, Well', 'My Boy, 'Don't Forsake Me', 'To Hurt to Dance' and 'Love Struck' are by far the outstanding tracks on the album, and i know 5/10 isn't bad - but when i say outstanding, i mean better than the rest, but by no means do i mean as good as Rockferry.",1,1,"Feb 20, 2011"
5,"If 'Rockferry' was a interesting and good album, 'Endlessly' is repetitive and it's not good. With all the respect but for me Duffy is the classical artist that has a big success with the first album and then disappears. I hope that now she'll takes a break form music, for return with a good album like her first. ( sorry for my English )",0,1,"Mar 28, 2012"
8,"This album is good; the song writing is solid and the vocals is outstanding .  Duffy is an amazing singer and this album proves how talented she is. Her last album was really good and people expected more, i think she gave us more with this album.",0,0,"Jul 31, 2011"
4,"Obviously, the album was rushed-up. In three weeks of recording, the album was definitely nothing good to offer. Duffy's voice is one of her assets but she did not delivered it well in her second album. Most of the tracks are lame, bland, and boring. Rockferry is actually better than Endlessly.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2011"
4,"I didn't get the rhythm of this album . Her voice is not as expressive as her first album.  You can forget the melodies very quickly. For sure... Rockferry is better than Endlessy.",0,0,"Dec 15, 2010"
6,"Nothing new, same style as the first album. Not bad, but I know Duffy can do much better. Maybe she could try with 'Rain On Your Parade' style. I loved that song and how it suited on her.Come on Duffy!",0,0,"Jan  7, 2011"
6,"Ah, the tricky second album, for some it remains, for some it destroys, for some it improoves and for Duffy it didn't really do anything. It's a good album, it has a lot of likability, you cannot help but find her music interesting. It might not be the most groundbreaking music of all time, but it's retro at it's sweetest. I hate to compare artists albums, i like to take them for the individual record that they are, but at times you want Duffy to belt out a note or two like she did on previously, i mean, she won a Grammy for 'Best Pop Vocal Album' and sold 6.5 Million copies of Rockferry, her voice made her the star she is..why didn't she use it on this album ? Comparisons aside, this album might not be able to hold it's own against the likes of Adele's 21 or Imelda May's Mayhem but it quite frankly **** all over Jessie J's Who You Are.",0,0,"Sep 26, 2011"
7,"Neyo proves he is the true gentleman and one of today's hottest icons of R&B. From the melodies of each song, to Neyo's sweet and sexy vocals, Ne-Yo has made another album that is worth while. The album lacks a sense of major originality, leading me to believe that regardless of the fact that it's a concept album, in it's entirety, the flare isn't as noticeable.",1,1,"Nov 22, 2010"
4,"I really dont understand how this album can get above a 5. I wasnt impressed with the album, Ne-yo has definitely done much better. I may listen to one or two tracks on the album but definitely not from start to finish. Next album needs to be considerably better than this.",1,1,"Dec 17, 2010"
6,"No. I Expected something better listening to Beautiful Monster.I didn't enjoyed this album. By the way i recognize that Ne-Yo is a real artist. I hope for something better the next time",1,1,"Jan  7, 2011"
9,"Ne-Yo is definitely experimenting with a new sound on 'Libra Scale', but his attempt is successful. With production help from Chuck Harmony, Ryan Leslie, D. DoRohn Gough, etc, Ne-Yo presented a sexy sound. The album presents itself as an album for those living the fancy nightlife, those living the 'Champagne Life'",0,1,"Nov 23, 2010"
8,"As DoctorKilla said, this is definitely an experimental album.  The whole point of it is for each song to work almost like a sequence to tell a story.  And Ne-Yo definitely achieved this.  His goal was to make this track thought engaging, and in that front I think he succeeded.  Pros: There are plenty of fantastic songs in this album that continue to show off Ne-Yo's talent as a singer and songwriter.  My personal favourites are 'Champagne Life', 'One in A Million', 'Telekinesis' and 'What Have I Done'.  They're either electrifying, emotional or a careful mixture of both.  Cons: Unfortunately, a couple of the songs are a bit of a let down and I think it was because of the fact that he was trying to be experimental.  Songs like 'Cause I Said So' to me were kind of lacking, especially compared to songs from his other albums like Year of the Gentlemen.  Also, it's a shame there are only 10 songs.  I feel that the story could've been conveyed more if there were a few more songs.  But overall, this is a triumph for Ne-Yo.",0,0,"Apr  2, 2011"
8,"The album is somewhat experimental, Ne-Yo has added versatility to his original limited topic range. Vocally, it isn't an improvement, but it certainly does fit together well.",0,0,"Nov 23, 2010"
7,"Good effort from Neyo. i didn't this it was as great as his previous albums but still very enjoyable and a great album and worth listening to for any r&b fans. This albums stand out tracks are also the 2 singles beautiful monster and one in a million which are both great songs.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2010"
6,"this album isn't too good, i am disappointed from this album, it has 3 good songs in 10 tracks, 'One in a Million', a beautiful R&B track, 'Cause I Said So', a europop track that has the MJ vibe, and 'Beautiful Monster', a lovely dance track. The others aren't good, and some tracks like 'Telekinesis' and 'Makin' a Movie' are very bad. This album isn't bad, but it's also distant to be a good album",0,0,"Jan  7, 2016"
8,"The album is something like what we have been missing, soul. It may not be the most heart felt, or Al Greenish kinda soul but he moves with a style and form that I have not heard since Ol Mista Black Joe Lewis of last year. Easy to recommend as it is to listen to.",2,2,"Nov 16, 2010"
10,"Groovy beats combine with Cee-Lo's sweet, sexy voice to craft one of the best albums of the year. As a fan of Gnarls Barkley, I couldn't be any happier with his album. BTW Did anyone notice he sung the credits from Kung Fu Panda?",1,1,"Dec 11, 2010"
9,"Cee-Lo delivers the earth shaking, funky masterpiece that modern Pop Music has been waiting for. It's a breath of fresh air coming from an artist who is not only deeply grounded in our collective roots yet still pushing music forward in a way that I feel is what we need right now.",1,1,"Nov 12, 2010"
7,"Surprisingly there is more to this album than just the extremely catchy F*** YOU. My fav track is Bright Lights, Bigger City. It kind of has a Michael Jackson feel.",1,1,"Nov 26, 2010"
10,"A brilliant album and my favorite of 2010 so far. brilliant vocal skills shown by Cee lo and this makes a great album which goes down as a great soul album. this album also brings what i feel certain new artists are missing which is a fantastic voice from green.",1,1,"Dec  2, 2010"
8,"This is an album of complete soul. Its somethings thats been somewhat missing from the industry in recent times. From start to finish it was enjoyable to listen to and definitely an album i would recommend especially if you are a soul fan. Great album.",1,1,"Dec 20, 2010"
0,"Way overplayed, and the songs that are overplayed ('F**k You, and Bright Lights, Bigger City) just plainly suck. There is absolutly nothing catchy about this album. The songs dont even deserve to be on the Bubbling Under The Hot 100, or the album dont derserve to be on the Billboard 200. Would be in the top 10 worst albums ever, and several songs on the top 10 worst songs ever for me",0,7,"Jul 22, 2011"
8,"It was a breath of fresh air to hear Cee-Lo Green's smooth, soulful voice on British radio stations, dominated mainly by the indie, rock and alternative scenes; which was probably one of the main reasons his songs achieved such a huge success in the UK. The album does well to show off his silky vocals and clever, witty song-writing skills, which I feel is best represented by the song 'Bodies'.Overall it is an enjoyable album to listen to and a great advert for the neo-soul genre.",0,0,"Nov 19, 2011"
8,"A Very Good Album!
Great Vocals And Music!",0,0,"May 31, 2012"
10,"From the beginning till the very end, every song caught me by surprise as to how beautiful (see i said Beautiful not catchy or fun, though it was those too) each song was. Unlike the Katy Perrys of the world, this guy know s his stuff and he even made classical sounding music sound amazing. Like those tunes show pure songwriting talent. I love this album and I basically favorited all the songs on the album on Spotify. that's how good it is. Keep doing what you do Cee Lo. We love you even if the rest of the world are too blind to see how good you are.",0,0,"Feb  9, 2014"
0,"Cee Lo's Lady killer is  ' one of the Lady Killers hit songs i have ever heard' . Grade A+.......................................................................",0,0,"Apr 12, 2014"
9,"Even though he's apparently been around for the past 4-5 years, I had not heard of Aloe Blacc...until I caught the theme to HBO's 'How To Make It In America'.  Being a fan of old 70's soul, I thought that 'I Need A Dollar' was unearthed from some lost Bill Withers tapes circa 1972.  It was stripped bare, burned with desperation, yet chugged along with so much simplicity....characteristics unheard of with today's R&B.  Then I came across his soul cover of the Velvet Underground's 'Femme Fatale' and was blown away at how Blacc had grasped the essence of Philly soul and Gil-Scott Heron style protest anthems.  Hey, today's tough economic times call for it, making these songs even more welcome.  All of 'Good Things' simmers with both a retro vibe and a fresh sound that is nearly unmatched.  I am hoping that he continues to move in this same direction as he creates more of his own brand of modern soul.",0,0,"Mar  3, 2011"
8,"Not at the level of her previous two albums - but still a great record. Her vocals are not really shown off on 'Bionic', and she probably tried to copy Gaga too much, that's why it flopped. I think she's been herself.",2,2,"Sep 13, 2011"
10,"Christina Aguilera is back again telling all the others who has 'the voice of the generation', the album is a mix of genres but it's still perfect! The best album of 2010!
For me the best tracks are: Bionic, WooHoo, Not Myself Tonight, Elastic Love, Prima Donna, Glam, All I Need, I Am, Sex for Breakfast, You Lost Me, I Hate Boys, Stronger than Ever (deluxe) and Little Dreamer (deluxe)!
I only disliked Bobblehead (deluxe), not that it counts...",1,1,"Feb 25, 2011"
10,"Christina Aguilera goes from retro Baby Jane to futuristic Madame X in her fourth full-length studio album. The album's inspiration resonates from her pregnancy and life and feeling like a full-accomplished superhuman character, much like a Bionic woman.
The album is filled with different types of electronic songs and eventually transitions into songs of full-emotion and vulnerability. The album ranges from different types of songs and clearly proves that Christina Aguilera can do pretty much anything.
My favourite songs are Desnudate, Prima Donna, Sex For Breakfast, Lift Me Up, I Am (Stripped), Vanity, Birds of Prey, and Stronger Than Ever. The only song that I don't favor so much would be Elastic Love, as it strikes rather boring to me, but I do like it's electronic elements. All the ballads are wonderful and it's nice to see all this wonderful dance music from Christina.
I give this album a 10 - don't listen to the mainstream critics, it is a great record. I honestly enjoyed it much more than Back to Basics.",1,1,"Apr 16, 2011"
10,"The album is actually very good. If it were by any other artist than Christina Aguilera, then people would be praising it, I think. It doesn't really show off her [amazing] voice's true potential (although ballad You Lost Me gives glimmers). Highlights are Desnudate and Prima Donna. Lowest point is WooHoo featuring Miss Features, AKA Nicki Minaj.",1,1,"Feb  2, 2012"
10,"lbum muito criticado, porem poucos enxergaram a beleza contida nesse cd ele  inspirado, renovador e traz ao pop um lado totalmente diferente, no acho que The Fame da cantora Lady GaGa fique muito em cima de Bionic, embora muito dos crticos descordam!",1,1,"Mar 26, 2013"
10,"Altought this album doesn't reach the great sounds of Stripped, Christina did her best as ever. The up-tempo songs like Not Myself Tonight are really energic. The best song of the album is a ballad, Lift Me Up sang beautifully.",5,6,"Sep 12, 2011"
10,"Christina Aguilera's 4th studio LP 'Bionic' tells the tale of a woman who's just here to have fun. Playful, aggressive, sweet, melancholic - 'Bionic' encompasses and incites a range of emotion. It's here that we find Christina at her most experimental, particularly with her voice. With a long list of producers who contributed their many talents to the record, 'Bionic' is easily one of the best pop albums in recent years. Standout tracks: Elastic Love Prima Donna I Am You Lost Me Vanity Birds of Prey (Deluxe) Monday Morning (Deluxe) Little Dreamer (Deluxe).",4,6,"Jun  9, 2010"
6,"It's ridiculous how she could dedicate the whole thing to her baby. It's all sexed-up and, well, completely ridiculous! But when I said ridiculous, I mean it's crazy in the Gaga-est sense. It could pass on as a great dance album. Dance tunes plus bonus tracks make-up her greatest collection ever. But really, with those yawners in one side of the ship, the audiences are drowning in her sap. Bionic should've been a fabulous album, with experimental tracks 'Elastic Love', 'Bobblehead' and 'Birds of Prey' among her most finest achievements. They almost sound like M.I.A. songs. Well, maybe next time she'll learn to balance things up and just make one hellufa pop album.",2,3,"Jul 12, 2011"
0,"flooooooooooooooooooooooooooop",5,9,"Mar 23, 2012"
3,"Her narcissism makes her unlikable.",1,3,"Jun  8, 2010"
5,"I should be honest with this album .. i only liked 3 of the entire songs Bionic, Woohoo and not myself tonight and all of the otehrs are crap .. she surely can do better that this .. i should also mention that she is a copy cat of madonna and lady GAGA",1,4,"Jun 15, 2010"
3,"The album is not what I expected from this girl. The ballads are bigger than the electronic elements she brought into this 'Bionic', and the tracklist contains 18 songs, such a LP that can't keep anybody keen on listening this album.",0,1,"Jun  8, 2010"
8,"Christina is just the best singer of her generation!! and this album shows just that!!",0,2,"Jun  8, 2010"
0,"Copycat. I've got all the original artists songs and CDs already. No need to buy this outdated and copying the trends CD.",0,1,"Jun 10, 2010"
0,"Worst album of the year. I already have all the songs of the artists she's copying.",0,1,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Christina Aguilera is the most versatile artist out there. Bionic is a masterpiece.",0,1,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"I love this album, so much diversity. From track #1 to #25, it's perfect!",0,1,"Jun 10, 2010"
2,"Good ballads, solid Britney-shaped musical experiments like Elastic Love...and then everything else, which could be worked on and made better...ending the song with her kid saying You Are Mummy was the nail in the coffin for me, on this painful, fake, over-sexed, self-indulgent record.",0,1,"Jun 13, 2010"
5,"This album is great! I would say that Christina tried something new for herself, something that really sounds true, and she haven't changed in many ways herself, she found that balance... Along the way, while many others who are now tried in electro-pop. Album multifaceted, each listener will find something that will be liked.",0,1,"May 29, 2011"
5,"With no doubt, the worst of Aguilera's 4 albums. There are good songs indeed, like 'Bionic', but the way she distinguishes herself as this unbelievably inappropriate slut in the album is not favorable at all. She tried a new genre, that's good, but she did it the wrong way. Christina seems to think that showing off her vocal ability is always good for her. But if you really think about it, really really not. Yes, her ballads are all popular around the world and are what she's most famous for. Her vocal ability is simply amazing, that is a known fact. Yet she always fails to attract the new generations. All I'm saying is, try singing normally, try to sing something that is more pop and try to make improvements in those songs by using the god-given voice wisely. That ought to make her a music sensation again.",0,1,"Jul 18, 2011"
2,"A horrible album for someone talented like Christina Aguilera. I loved her and her music but Bionic is no where near her standards.",0,1,"Mar 23, 2012"
0,"Xtina",0,2,"Apr 16, 2012"
3,"I must score this based on the WHOLE album. Just 1/4 of the album is great and 3/4 of the album went downhill. Although she is one of the best singers of her generation, this album of hers doesn't work for me.....",0,1,"May 25, 2012"
1,"The album feels outdated even at first listen back during its release. In its ambitious attempts to tap on the then-new and rising synthpop-raver mainstream audio, her giant eighteen-wheeler truck loaded with bionic mannequins made a sharp right turn into pop culture and tumbled its way across the VMA stage, two meters short of the table where the cool popstars sit.
Christina tries very hard to be experimentally, both vocally and in production; assuming she plays any part in the latter. Every once in a while comes a few moments of the album where her Christina capitalizes her vocal prowess to its full potential; but every other time it sounds like a bloated; reheated EDM-wannabe record. It has yet to prove itself worthy to sit on either extreme end of the danceable-ballad spectrum; and yet when it sits in the middle; it would have been in the most ungraceful manner possible. Tracks like Elastic Love and Bionic remain as highlights of the album; but two potential hits couldn't really balance out the sixteen fillers.
Whether or not Christina can regain the 5 seconds of fame she had during the promotions of Genie in a Bottle. Maybe in a 2014 album she can take a backseat in the songwriting process because; it seems to be the only factor bringing her down; aside from her  attitude over a self-proclaimed pop artist reputation.",0,1,"Aug 24, 2013"
10,"This is the probably the most underrated album of 2010, it seems like some people do not have objectivity and based their opinion on its sales not for its content, it is known that the album didn't go gold or platinum like others of Christina but the album is not bad, is great instead. In my opinion, Christina and Sia's work was perfect, simple and magic, songs like You lost me and I am show the well known Christina's abilty to sing, I guess it was a mistake to release 2 versions of the album because the deluxe edition contains 2 of the best songs of the album that are Monday Morning (a very cool synthpop song that would have been a good single) and Birds of prey (this song fits perfectly with the real futuristic  theme she was trying to achieve) unfortunately comparisons with Lady Gaga didn't let this album to sell a little more and Christina to go on tour (the bionic tour would have been amazing)
What is interesting is that this album was the most second album downloaded illegally, people call it 'a flop' but they are too hard on Christina's work.",0,1,"Aug 24, 2013"
10,"What an amazing Album. I cannot believe Christina is doint this type of music, but still keeps the classic balads without an electronic touch. This album has a different type of music for everyone. The best tracks: Birds of Prey, Monday Morning, Elastic Love and Bionic. Thank you Christina for doing such an amazing album!",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
9,"Excelente disco.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
9,"She knows how to dazzle her audience and everytime she comes back, she brings something new and 'Bionic' is the one of them. they can name it as a Huge breakthrough after 4 years of being away from music. it's brilliant!",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
10,"Bionic is an album of POP GOLD with fantastic uptempo songs such as Elastic Love,Glam,Bionic,Prima Donna and WOOHOO! and some of the greatest ballads she has ever recorded. Christina's masterpiece and the critics don't do the album justice, plus not all the critics have been accounted for either! Bionic is a masterpiece pop album and her most personal and fun if deepest and grooviest!! coolest album of 2010 if the BEST ALBUM OF 2010",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
10,"This album is really good. there is a song for everyone. the ballads are the strongest point in the album but the up beat tempo tracks are very fun and catchy. I recommend that you buy this :D congrats Christina!",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
4,"Bionic is a complete mess. It is not electronic but it is not pop. It is not r&b but it is not soul either. It's a little bit of everything, and everything is mixed. I get what they wanted for this album, but they failed to accomplish it. Christina said a lot of times that she wanted somenthing futuristic. Then she said the album was going to be short and sweet. Now we have some 19 songs that don't match with that statements. There are some good songs, but most of them are credited as 'bonus' (Birds Of Prey, Stronger Then Ever and Monday Morning) in the deluxe edition of the album.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
10,"I love every track. The ballads are beautiful and the uptempo songs are great. Recommend!",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
5,"The album starts with Bionic, giving a certain excitement about what is to come. This first song is quite unique, and I felt it has mixed Christina",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
9,"Bionic showcases the personal growth this amazing and powerful woman has achieved in the years since her 'Back to Basics' album. It reflects her fun and naughty side (in songs like Not Myself Tonight, Glam, I Hate Boys, My Girls, Vanity), her vulnerability (in songs like Lift Me Up, All I Need, You Lost Me) and her vision of the future (Bionic, Elastic Love, Birds of Prey) on a cohesive and entertaining roller coaster of emotions.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
10,"One of the greatest pop records of all time! Never been a big fan of Christina with this album she comes back stronger than ever, proving pop can be just as fun yet soulful at the same time as every other genre! Thumbs up!",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
8,"I think Bionic is a great album, when looking at the context. I think that she has been constantly scrutinized for over-singing and has tried to do things differently in the album. Minus 2 songs the album was an enjoyable experience. The critics did the same thing during the Stripped era and the album turned out to be a great and mature record. Lets hope the critics realize what a gem this album is just like Stripped and Back to Basics are.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
10,"This album is fantastic. 'Bionic', 'Elastic love', 'Glam', 'I am', 'You Lost me' and 'Vanity' are masterpieces. Love it!!!! Christina is a genius!!!",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
10,"Incredible, modern and fresh.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
9,"I really like this album. Although I would consider it a slight notch below Back to Basics, it's still a really strong entry. The deluxe tracks are what really impressed me. Those songs with Santigold should have been on the normal version rather than say Not Myslef Tonight.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
10,"While most critics aim to compare this effort for Xtina to those of current Pop Stars, the album offers what many others fail to do: a vocally strong album. It's an album you can listen from beginning to end, every song offers up something different and that's important. And when Aguilera delivers her ballads, she does it so effortlessly that it reminds us why she is still superior to other pop acts out there.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
10,"Christina isn't afraid of trying anything new, and she puts that to the test here. Although there are some missteps, the overall album is a rewarding experience for anyone willing to devour this slowly. This album is not the immediate, hooky, overfed pop on the radio, this is Christina Aguilera doing things her own way. Some say this is dated, desperate, and unoriginal, but if you listen closely you will find some of Christina's best work among this group of songs. Sequencing is a problem on the first listen with the ballads placed erratically, but this fades on repeat listens. The bonus material is just as strong than the standard edition material. Personal favorites include: Stronger Than Ever, You Lost Me, Bionic, Sex for Breakfast, Elastic Love, Birds of Prey, Little Dreamer, and I Am.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
10,"Bionic is Christina's best and most diverse record since 2002's Stripped. A masterpiece!",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
1,"there are only a few real songs.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
1,"Christina has no idea of who she is musically. She has always had a great voice but never has had anything worthwhile to say. This album is abysmal.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
5,"The album is OK, but Christiana is all over the place on this album. The first half reminded me of 80's electronic new wave. Then she went and played several R&B love songs. And she finishes up with several songs that must not have made the Stripped album. There are probably half a dozen good songs on here. There is too much filler, and she inflates the set list with a number of short worthless intros.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
9,"Geez..very good album, and Gaga did not invent anything...puleeze...I love Gaga and Xtina but Xtina has been in game for over 10 years and deserves some respect. The US media has been awful to her..like a pck of Perez Hiltons. YUCK...GO Xtina!!!",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
10,"Love it! Her best album! the ballads are the best of her career and its jsut a great fun pop album.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
9,"Christina always reivent herself, and brings her touch in the commercial pop business.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
9,"Bionic is exactly what Christina Aguilera promised-Fun and light-heartedness. I enjoyed Bionic from the Title Track all the way through I Am (Stripped). What I like most about the album is that there's a little something for everyone. You can make your own tracklisting as you may not like all 20 tracks and 3 intros. My favorites are Bionic, WooHoo, Desnudate, Primma Donna, I Am, You Lost Me, Vanity, Monday Morning, Bobblehead, Birds of Prey, and Stronger Than Ever.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
1,"This is a drag. All Her talent wasted on beat heavy and superficial pop music. she should at-least try to separate her self and form her own identity. The music here is emotionless, immature and boring. Go cop Toni Braxton's abum 'Pulse', Now that is music!",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
9,"I really enjoyed Stripped and B2B better, but this Album is very catchy and uplifting. Empowerment, what a great message Christina sends through many of the songs on this album. =) Be yourself, don't let others tell you what to do, or who to be.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
10,"This album is classic One of the more cool Pop albums of the decade Eletronic beats, catchy lyrics and a lot a sassy girl power Aguilera is redefined herself like a Barbarella",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
10,"This album is amazing, it has something for everybody and I love how she has branched out and worked with non-pop artists!",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
7,"Xtina's new CD has a nice mix of songs. There are a few duds, but over a few good club hits, and a fresh sound that I appreciate nowadays. Death to autotune! Celebrate originality!",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
1,"The album only had two good tracks and two just okay ones. The rest were trash.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2010"
10,"After four years waiting, Christina released her brand new LP, Bionic, the songs on the album are diverse, therefore, it still prove how well she can sing different type of songs. Her album speaks for itself, and it's nothing like other singers'. well done, Christina Aguilera.",0,0,"Jun  9, 2010"
8,"Overall, xtina's new album is her boldest work to date. She's delivered on the promise of creating a futuristic sound that is unlike much of the stuff playing on the radio today, this, perhaps, is the reason why listeners aren't responding favorably. However, this album offers something for everyone, from up-beat club tunes ('Not Myself Tonight') to awe-inspiring ballads ( 'I Am' and 'You Lost Me') and from fun and energetic anthems ('I Hate Boys' and 'My Girls') to mesmerizing electro-infused numbers ('Elastic Love,' 'Monday Morning,' and 'Birds of Prey'). Having said that, some tracks like 'Sex For Breakfast' and 'Vanity' (the two intros as well) are a little boring and could have been scrapped in favor of the better -perhaps more representative of the experimental sound she was aiming for- bonus tracks found in the deluxe edition. Two thumbs way up for effort!",0,0,"Jun  9, 2010"
9,"I've never purchased a Xtina album. I must say that I've always thought she could sing. Seeing her venture out on her last album with the retro sounds made me realize she's definitely not afraid to experiment. When I heard she was working with Sia, M.I.A., Switch and Santigold I couldn't wait. Those collaborations are all what they promised to be...Pretty amazing. I wish they would have put the bonus tracks in and gotten rid of other less interesing songs like the lead single, Woohoo and even glam. The new wave of Monday Morning and Bounce of Bobble Head could have replaced Glam and Prima Donna. Birds of Pray was quality as well.",0,0,"Jun  9, 2010"
9,"Amazing album! Her bes one yet.",0,0,"Jun  9, 2010"
10,"It is a fearless album. Not easy to eat, more sophisticated and few people will get it. Now, trash like Kesha or Rihanna are the number ones, but they just do hits. XTina is an artist.",0,0,"Jun  9, 2010"
9,"This album is defintely one of this years best pop albums. Electric, supersonic, futuristic indeed. The title track tones down Aguilera's voice, something differen from shat she has done before. Her voice in most of the songs is a actually soothing to the ear. The album does lose you a little with 5 back to back ballads. It becomes a bore throughout that section. However it comes right back up with her fast paced 'We will rock you' beat wounding song, I hate boys. Definitely a throw back to her 'Cant Hold Us Down' days. It is followed by the Peaches produced song 'My Girls,' another upbeat song about just having fun! the deluxe version includes a track called 'Bobblehead.' if you were to take Gwen Stefani's 'Hollaback Girl,' modernize it, and make fun of it at the same time, that is what you'll get with this track. Definitely a floor stomping song. It Also includes the 'Fighter' sounding 'Stonger than Ever' and the Ladytron produced 'Birds of Prey.' The latter sounds like a hot Jennifer Paige ('Crush') mixed with Alice in Wonderland and the Matrix all together. Othe great songs? The vogue-esque 'Glam'. She definitely shows off her old voice (like her old self) mid song as she does with 'Vanity.' Also, 'Prima Donna' is a great hip hop track to be looking out for in the clubs. Overall, a great dance album. The ballads lose you a little bit, but overall the artist's best album to date. Deluxe songs are definitely worth the extra money!",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"A phenomenal album with enough pop uptempos and ballads to keep anyone happy. Xtina is truly inspired on this one, possibly even beating her best album to date, 'Stripped'.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Amazing album! It's definitely a new sound for Christina. The album should be considered a 'fun' album, not to be taken so serious and judged by it's lyrical content.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Amazing album. Flawless from beginning to end, i suggest everyone go out and buy a copy of the deluxe edition, its WELL worth the money.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"the best album of the last 4 years. exactly what we were waiting, futuristic sound with ballads that show Christina's voice and nothing more. That's Christina, no one else.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"The ballads on this album shine through like no other, perfect album.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"I got this album for the ballads, very moving!",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
9,"Bionic has more than a hint of schizophrenia. It is at times unnerving, predictable, and contradictory, yet manages to be cohesive, interesting, and most importantly, fun. While newcomers create music that purports to be 'Electronica,' this album actually ventures into that very nuanced world, and draws from it a pulsing, living rhythm that does right by the world that inspired its creation.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"This is a great new re-invention from Christina. This album is orignal with all the collaborator, there is song for everyone on this record since there is a great variety of genre but it keeps in the futuristic vain.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
9,"Bionic may not be Christina's best offering, but it comes close. The album is promoted as being the lovechild of Christina and Goldfrapp, Ladytron, Sia and M.I.A - the artists that she worked with before filming her debut movie, Burlesque. Unfortunately she had a change of heart, and delightfully haunting songs like 'Birds of Prey' by Ladytron are relegated to the back of the deluxe version, and replaced by the unwisely chosen first single, Not Myself Tonight. There are enough tracks on the album to be able to ignore the infantile embarrassment of Not Myself Tonight, Woo Hoo, and I Hate Boys. The aforementioned Birds of Prey is a highlight, containing witty lyrics about The Matrix and Wonderland in a surprisingly restrained vocal performance that is reminiscent of the Middle East. The tracks with Sia are easily the highlights of the album. All I Need, a lullaby to her son Max, is a little too sugary sweet, but I Am is a love song with the perfect balance of self deprecation and respectl, and nobody with a soul can avoid being moved by the power of Lift Me Up and You Lost Me. Of the uptempos, Elastic Love is the most captivating. Stationary related lyrics that initially seem silly actually paint a very vivid picture of a topsy turvy relationship. Vanity closes the standard version of the album with a tongue in cheek declaration of 'Who owns the throne?' - a hilarious three minute take on the claims of arrogance that have bombarded her throuhgout her career. With a little less of the focus on sex and hot beats, and a little more deference to the indie producers and writers that were part of Christina's initial vision, the record could be perfect.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
9,"It's an amazing album that has everything for everyone. I love its diversity which some people do not appreciate. I think that is what makes it a strong record. The benefits from this outweigh the disadvantages so I don't mind - it's amazing to listen to.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Christina Aguilera has an amazing voice but I'm glad she branched out and did some fun dance music this time. She is very talented and the album will be a Summer fave.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"A fantastic album, I love the way this girl constantly reinvents herself. No other female artist of this generation has the versatility and voice that Christina possesses. Bionic is an electric in your face album that's awesome from beginning to end. the perfect album for this summer.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Its always interesting to see what Christina Aguilera is going to do next, I never understand why so many people dislike her, this album is so much fun and amazing! I love how she showcases her voice.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"This album rocks my socks.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Amazing album, the best of her carrer. Great beats, different vocals. Definetely the best pop singer out there and the voice of our generation!",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Love this album! it's a mix of everything that makes Christina the best! her vocals are on point as usual.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Christina has once again out done herself. She's gone into a field that's completely unlike her previous album's sound, and has reinvented the sound for herself. Every song has its own personality and exemplify Christina's unparalleled diversity and charisma. The album is entertaining for any listener and inspirational for her fans.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"BIONIC OMG this album is AMAZING All the song All the nasty lyrics Everything in this album is EPEIC She is A PRIMA DONNA WHO CAN RULE THE WORLD BITCHES!!!!",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Every song on Bionic has a purpose. As usually Christina brings sass, pain, love, joy, playfulness, and so much more. There are 19 new songs and 1 stripped version so 20 in all, and if you don't like some, it doesn't matter because you can get rid of them and still have a full album. Bionic, Elastic Love, Sex For Breakfast, Vanity, Monday Morning, Bobblehead, Birds of Prey and Stronger are really innovative and new directions for Christina. The slow tempo ballads are crisp and serene, a well done departure from her usual belting ballads. A+ Solid Pop Album!",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"A diverse pop album which showcases Christina Aguilera's almost unlimited singing techniques. She just keeps getting better. Favorites: You Lost Me, Vanity, Birds Of Prey, Monday Morning, Elastic Love, Bionic, I Am, Lift Me Up, Desnudate, Prima Donna",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Underrated album from and underrated singer. Bionic shows off her versatility very well and while there are a couple tracks that are meh, the rest is more than enough for me to highly recommend this album.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"This album is one of the BEST pop albums of the past 5 years!",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"I always look forward to her music and Bionic did not disappoint. Her voice is like no other and she really shines on all types of songs here, especially the ballads and deluxe tracks. Not to mention the album artwork is stunning. Job very well done!",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Birds of Prey is the best song, make sure you get the deluxe.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Its been so long since her last album, 4 years actually but its worth it cause this is the album of the summer!",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Not really into this chick music but I just had to get this album for the Ladytron.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Critics should shut their bias up, the only influence this album has is Madonna! Nothing wrong with that imho.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"BIONIC is the best album of the year 'nuff said. Christina has reinvented herself once again and does a damn good job at it. This woman can do it all. Shes amazing and an all around artist. The way she plays with her voice is truly jaw opening. I've never seen a mainstream vocalist be as versatile as Christina. Check out BIONIC u wont be disappointed. Production is also killer and top notch. My favorite tracks are Bionic,Lift Me Up, I Am, Vanity, Birds Of Prey, Stronger than Ever and Bobblehead. Make sure to pick up the deluxe version as it has 5 deluxe extra tracks!!",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"I haven't listened to Christina in awhile. I caught NOT MYSELF TONIGHT on radio one day when I was driving back from work and got excited because it was a new song. I decided to look Christina up. I gave the album a listen and ended up buying it off itunes. Its definitely my favorite album this year. ps. the version i bought on itunes has 5 deluxe tracks and a bonus track called 'Little Dreamer' which i really enjoyed.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Such a great vocalist and a fun record. I'm not a big fan of her, but she keeps changing everything in her image and her music, and I guess it's a wonderful thing for a young pop artist!",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Chrisitna Aguilera has more than a few gems on this album. I love the versatility and the fact that she can give me a song like 'NMT' and than she goes and gives me something like 'You Lost Me'.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"So the 4 year hiatus of Xtina didn't let me down. She was inspired a lot, she's sexier than ever and she's back to her throne. What can i say? The collaborators list is fantastic. Ladytron did an amazing job on Birds of Pray and Little Dreamer, Sia wrote some of Christina's best ballads, M.I.A. led Christina to different paths of music and Santigold made Christina bionic!! I need more! THe album combines many kinds of music and it's so interesting to hear Christina's voice because it's unique and different in many songs. The only thing i don't like is the lyrics. Stripped and Back to Basics had more inspired lyrics. The booklet and in general the artwork is brilliant. Good job Christina!",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"I think the way she uses her voice differently is just about every track really shows just how versatile and BIONIC her vocal talent is. She goes dark balads to fun pop songs about hating boys. The range on this album is great and it's a plan and simple awesome pop album.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"This album is awesome I love it is such a fun record. My favs are You lost me, Little dreamer, Elastic Love and Vanity. I'm totally Jamming to this record right now!",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Amazing album, original music, amazing production, and of course, AMAZING VOCALS! Spotlight for Little Dreamer and Elastic Love.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"It's an amazing album. Fun and deep. Playfull and introspective. Electro and organic.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"What a diverse collection of songs! I have loved her evolution since the Stripped days. She is a talented singer/songwrites and is clearly the voice of this generation.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"Amazing album from beginning to end.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"surely the best futuristic sound with great vocal from Christina best pop album of 2010 I think :)",0,0,"Jun 10, 2010"
10,"This is one of most impressive albums I've come across in a long time.  This album is so large and there are some many different genres of music at play that it is difficult to get a proper handle on it with only one listen.  It is only after listening to it a few times through myself that I have been able to fully appreciate it.  I like that Janelle Monae had the courage to think big with this album and that there were enough people around her to support her vision and make it a reality.    I",16,17,"Aug 22, 2010"
10,"Every labored-over song in this intentional masterpiece stands out as a shining example of its kind. As with all of the best concept albums, you're better off ignoring the concept entirely. Forget about this Metropolis android nonsense; the songs and orchestral interludes here revolve only around the human heart, soul, and spirit.",7,7,"May 23, 2010"
10,"This album is absolutely incredible. Words and emotions are a stretch to even appropriately review/describe this. It's a blessing to the world. Thank God.",4,4,"May 20, 2010"
9,"Excellent album, but I would say that the obvious singles in it (Cold War and Tightrope) disrupt its flow somewhat, despite being excellent tracks in themselves.",4,4,"May 21, 2010"
8,"This is a pretty good and fun album, if lacking mainstream appeal. It reminded me a bit of 'Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots' by The Flaming Lips, as a concept album. There's a lot of atmosphere and variety in the songs, though some of them are a bit short and overcrowded with detail or overproduced. Fewer but longer songs prolly would've been better, to give more room for songs to build. As it is, some of them start at 100% and end up at 110% and then end shortly. There's ballads and there's upbeat pop stuff. It's never really schmaltzy. Good fun record, if a little geeky with the sci-fi, which isn't bad but it might not sell much. I enjoy this record a lot. Prog rock fans will probably like this one a lot too.",3,3,"Sep  9, 2010"
9,"Wow! Familiar sounds though so new too, sweeping and glorious and exciting stuff! An awesome effort that deserves all the accolades it's getting. Congratulations to everyone involved in what has to be a groundbreaking project.",2,2,"May 21, 2010"
9,"It's almost impossible to listen to any of the musics in this brilliant album and don't even shake the feet even for a little time. Wiht powerful vocals, sticky lyrics and chasing Cindi Mayweather (Platinum 9000), we go in a trip between the funk of Jaems Brown and the akwardness of Grace Jones. Besides, with great performances, we have across the best newcomer of 2010, with the best album of 2010. Incredible!",2,2,"Oct  8, 2011"
10,"Album of the year? If not, then 2010 must be one of the all-time great years for absolutely stunning new albums. Fully realized through and through. I've seen her live twice and was blown away each time. I had trouble believing her first full LP could live up to her stage performance, but she brought it. This is it. The album you'd imagine the world was capable of one day producing when you first heard Thriller 25 years ago ... and then waited 25 years in vain. Until now.",1,1,"May 19, 2010"
9,"Most R&B albums, and a majority of albums by female artists, seem to drag out with very slow tracks, which, while may be nice, never develop into much else, with one high energy track throughout the whole thing. Ms. Mone managed to overcome this, and make one of the most high energy albums in recent years. She's a vocal powerhouse, making both fun singles and thoughtful ballads string together into one great album. The production on the album is also admirable, top-notch material. The only thing preventing this from a complete 10 is too many over lengthy tracks towards the end of the album, other than that, A+ Material.",1,1,"Apr 26, 2011"
9,"Janelle Monae is eclectic and an animal. Her influences range from Prince to Joni Mitchell to Outkast, and The ArchAndroid is one refreshing beast of an album. Orchestral pop blends into funkadelic workouts which transform into jazz-esque ballads that comprise one of the best albums to come out of 2010. The singer has clearly established herself as a soulsonic force to be reckoned with, with jams like 'Tightrope', 'Cold War', and 'BaBopByeYa' standing out as some of the best on this heterogeneous smorgasbord of an album.",1,1,"Jan  4, 2013"
4,"'What's all the fuss about?' I hear you say! Don't you know??? Somebody made a reasonably ok pop record!!!The hype and the ratings only indicate the bad shape of the 2010 music industry in general.",1,33,"Aug 16, 2010"
2,"Way over-hyped. The record is nothing more than eclectic and pretentious. It meddles in so many genres that it's intent is confused. It comes off as gaudy and too eager to impress. Very little substance painted with glitter and gold. Don't support this meaningless artist when there are so many better musicians struggling in obscurity.",1,36,"May 20, 2010"
7,"Wow, talk about an overrated album. You got a guy like flying lotus doing something ALMOST NOBODY OR NOBODY have the courage to do now and you got this good album but not a mastepiece having a rating better than cosmogramma. If you know music, you become a musician. If you don't know, you become a music critic.",0,3,"May 20, 2010"
4,"Really?!? the production and variation stand out a tad, but vocally she sounds just like any other top 40 pop act, no new character.",0,7,"May 23, 2010"
7,"Vastly over-rated. Apparently adding a few annoying wobbly vocal effects instantly translate into innovative genre hopping. I'd be foolish to say this a bad album, though. Faster, Cold War, and 57821 are all great tracks. The rest really don't cut it for me. Especially with the slower tracks. Yes, this is unique for a pop album, but I've heard far better indie albums of many different genres.",0,2,"May 22, 2010"
7,"I think its quite good. I'm not sure I think its as  good as so many others appear convinced it is, but its quite good. The only question now is when we will see the Lady Gaga-esque re-release with The Chase EP in tow. It's gotta be coming. My guess is sometime right after the Grammy's.",0,3,"Sep 30, 2010"
3,"I really wanted to like this album and was intrigued to hear the genre-crossing styles. There are a few quirky moments here and there and the album is well produced, but the genuinely interesting bits are few and far between. The album sounds like they are trying to throw in as many styles as they can and to a certain extent it achieves this and is probably why it's getting such rave reviews. However, this feat alone does not make it a good album and I found the majority of the album rather contrived and soulless and this ultimately left me bored and expecting more. I'm sorry but it's not the masterpiece that is being touted.",0,8,"Nov  1, 2010"
10,"After a very good year in music overall, this was THE BEST album overall for 2010.  I am not a fan of most modern R&B, but this album has me listening to more.  Prince, Bowie, M Jackson are all present here.  Top to bottom, there are some real classic songs on this album.  Definitely should be on every list for best new artist and best album.",0,1,"Nov 22, 2010"
10,"The ArchAndroid truly is an eMotion picture like Janelle Monae stated. The album continues Cindi Mayweather's journey and it must be heard from beginning to end. It will not disappoint you!",0,0,"May 19, 2010"
10,"It took all of one listen to know this was instantly near the top of my Desert Island discs list. And it should be high on yours, too.",0,0,"May 19, 2010"
9,"Def the best album of the year so far. Can't stop listening!!!",0,0,"May 21, 2010"
10,"I am IN LOVE with this album! She took a interesting concept and made it her own....it's like going on a fantastic journey...along the way, meeting different people and having different experiences. I love it so much!",0,0,"May 20, 2010"
10,"Brilliant!! The album is so innovative; i've have heard songs like this before!!",0,0,"May 21, 2010"
9,"This album is the best of the year thus far in my opinion.",0,0,"May 20, 2010"
10,"One of the greatest debut albums I have ever heard. The only debut album that comes close this century is probably the misseducation of lauryn hill, but even that didn't have the epic scope that this album has. If this is only a debut album, this girl has what it takes to be a legend.",0,0,"May 20, 2010"
10,"Global in scope and achievement...an amazing musical experience. Monae and Wondaland are so much fun to watch and hear and see!",0,0,"May 22, 2010"
10,"Janelle Monae has brought the industry to their knees with this incredible breakthrough!",0,0,"May 20, 2010"
10,"This album is pure bliss. I've been waiting to hear this since 2007 and it doesn't miss a beat. A perfect blend of a large selection of styles of music. Brilliant!",0,0,"May 23, 2010"
10,"This is a brilliant work. Most of the songs sound like classics that have been waiting to be written for a while. So fresh and so clean, superbly executed. Finally, a more commercial release that has substance, vision, ambition, and awesomeness!",0,0,"May 20, 2010"
10,"What.... in the.... How is this so good? I can't even believe they made music like this anymore. Just when you think you've figured out her deal, then comes a song like Sir Greendown or Wondaland. I've never heard anything like this since the first time I heard a Stevie Wonder album.",0,0,"May 19, 2010"
10,"Wow! I wasn't expecting to like this album at all, but checked it out anyways because of the high ratings. And wow! Is all I can say. Give it a listen, even if this is something you would never listen to.",0,0,"May 21, 2010"
10,"one of the most sonically stunning works of the new millineum. suite one was but a sweet glimpse into the mythos of metropolis as she continues to elaborately paint this picture. she is a visionary without question and I'm on board.",0,0,"May 21, 2010"
10,"This is hands down the best pop album I have heard in years. It's incredibly exciting start to finish and shows Janelle has a LOT more than just vocal talent, but an incredibly wide scope of talent from many angles (psychadelic, hip-hop, soul, Dance, R&B, the list goes on). In my opinion she blows Lady Gaga out of the water in terms of just purely catchy melody, scope, smarts (and a similar penchant for weird fashion).",0,0,"May 20, 2010"
10,"Flawless. Ambitious. Versatile. Album of the Year.",0,0,"May 23, 2010"
10,"I didn't even know Janelle until two days ago when I came across her single 'Tightrope'... I knew instantly that I needed to get this CD... All I can say is that I am blown way... (I know it sounds cheesy but ) This CD has changed my life.",0,0,"May 18, 2010"
9,"Incredibly varied strong album. Monae feels at home on every song. The dance tracks are undeniable and the slower songs put you in a psychedelic euphoric state. This is a definite runner for album of the year. At 18 tracks it is a spectacular testament to the prowess and versatility of Monae. In one word: Stunning. Favorites: Faster, Tightrope, Wondaland, Cold War, Neon Gumbo, Sir Greendown.",0,0,"May 19, 2010"
10,"Absolutely outstanding record! Undoubtely the best of this year so far. Mone has such an unique vision and a huge talent. She acomplished what few artists have done: she did not only made a compilation of good songs, she made a record with a trully original and fresh concept and reached the greatness only true legends have. And this is just her second album!",0,0,"May 19, 2010"
10,"Astounding. This woman lives and breathes music; all music, across all genres. I hope its influence is felt far and wide.",0,0,"May 21, 2010"
9,"Archandroid transcends the often stale R&B genre with a seamless blend of electonica, funk, jazz, and pop, bursting with character. The retail packaging contains a sticker with quotes of praise from Andre 3000 and Sean Combs yet ironically neither could touch Mone's talent with a ten foot pole. Come Alive is a refreshingly insane scat-ska-rap hybrid; the highlight of the album by far. Sir Greendown and Oh, Maker have a distinctive 60's melancholy flair. Make The Bus is pleasantly robotic, Wondaland is cute, and Mushrooms & Roses is trippy. The other tracks are either too mainstream or too atonal to be that memorable. Regardless of the few duds, the overall creativity and quality of the album is simply outstanding. Mone is one of those artists where you struggle to figure out who she reminds you of, but ultimately you have to concede there's really no one else like her.",0,0,"May 21, 2010"
10,"The new hype is here! this album is just 'absolutely amazing'.",0,0,"May 21, 2010"
10,"Hands down best album of the year so far! Superb mix of musical genres and excellent production!",0,0,"May 22, 2010"
10,"This album is the best album of the last 10 years! Janelle Monae is a legend in the making!!",0,0,"May 23, 2010"
9,"One of the most enjoyable albums of 2010 that doesn't quite fall into any specific genre, which for a music lover like myself, is rather refreshing. If anything it could be funk, but there a lot of R&B elements too, which hints of hip hop and classic rock. Plus, the whole album feels like an adventure, it being so daring and ambitious. It's good to see such great talent signed onto a major label like Atlantic.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2010"
10,"Great concept album. Her voice is great, the songs are great, everything about it is great. I figured she was something special when Big Boi used her on his Purple Ribbon All Stars album, and now she's out making great music. One of the best things about it is that it isn't your usual R&B albums.",0,0,"Oct 16, 2010"
10,"One of the most original albums released this year.  Janelle Monae isn't afraid to do, well, basically anything on this CD.  Rap about zombies and terminators?  Check!  Make a CD about a time traveling android?  Why not?  The concept seems strange, but Monae makes it work because she has the guts to do so.  And what an impressive voice",0,0,"Aug 13, 2010"
10,"Listened to this quite a bit on my 22 hour road trip to Orlando. What can I say? I've fallen in love with her voice. Fantastic album from start to finish. Be sure to check out the Tightrope Wondamix; fun song.",0,0,"Aug 13, 2010"
10,"the most incredible and perfect album of this year, this a mix of neo-soul, funk, pop and various genres.... with the amazing voice of Janelle, this job is so original, eccentric, passionate, dramatic and funny! when i hear this album i feel like i'm stay in a classic movie! this sound is so power-full and creative!!! Cold War is so brilliant and perfect!!! like the rest of this excellent album!!! this is really a masterpiece!!!",0,0,"Sep 27, 2010"
10,"So I am in love with this album so much I hunted down her other album 'The Chase Suit' - the music she makes is completely unique, melody and lyrics-wise. I can listen to 'Locked Inside' and 'Tightrope' any day, any time. Janelle's voice is refreshing, and what I love most about it (as a design student) is her passion for this 20s Art Deco Metropolis theme. This album just works in so many ways *-*",0,0,"Aug 17, 2010"
9,"9.5  A near perfect masterpiece. Before even reading this review, go and buy this album. Best Album of The Year so far. Everything, from the cinematic vibes and presentation, to the dense and thoughtful lyrics, this album will have you deeply evoked through its themes of minority and discrimination. Using references from the 1927 silent film, Metropolis, this alone, makes the album a weird and absolute incredible listen from start to finish. I love good music, and so does Janelle Monae.",0,0,"Aug 24, 2010"
10,"I at first felt completely overwhelmed when I listened to this album. I had never heard of Janelle Monae and was overly shocked after discovering how perfect each song worked on its own. Although Monae skips through a huge variety of genres this collection of songs never feels like a mixed bag of tossed together songs but more like a perfectly constructed album that guides the listener through a storyline told by a true musical genius. This is what pop music has needed and This is it!",0,0,"Aug 28, 2010"
10,"An album you must listen to from start to finish to appreciate it's cleverness and flowing movement. Each song moves effortlessly into the next giving an extraordinary listening experience. Although each song moves into the next so well, each song is different in style and genre so you can listen to the entire thing without being bored by the end. A really great album which deserves the great reviews.",0,0,"Sep  2, 2010"
10,"Janelle Monae mixes equal portions of Jimi Hendrix, James Brown, Michael Jackson, and Prince into a stew that's all of her own making and enormously satisfying.  This woman's talent puts her in Gaga territory -- she's enormously gifted, has flawless showmanship, and endlessly innovative.  ArchAndroid is Monae's first full-length release, and it contains multiple gems among its 18 kaleidoscopically different tracks.  Don't just focus on the songcraft and genre-warping variety of the album, though -- listen first and foremost to how powerfully and precisely this woman can SING.  The release of ArchAndroid marks the public introduction of an epic new talent -- and I'll be sure to say 'I told you so' when she's on the cover of every music mag in the known world in a year or two.  Oh, by the way, her live act is the most exciting thing I've seen on stage in the last twenty years.  She's simply without an equal.",0,0,"Sep 27, 2010"
10,"this album fulfils all the needs to appreciate good music. the idea of creating a story through music comes of beautifully from the lonely song of '57821' or the upbeat and dynamic 'tightrope' fllled with funky jazz influence but also pop and rap. this album moves music forward, a feat which hasn't been done since the 80 's disco was outlawed.",0,0,"Nov  4, 2010"
10,"This is one of the best and impressive albums. its perfect in all.This album is absolutely incredible.Brilliant!! The album is so innovative; i've have heard songs like this before!!",0,0,"Nov  5, 2010"
9,"This record blew me away!  Mone's voice is unbelievable, and the music behind her is just as good.  The concept of the album and how she carried it throughout the record was also very good, most likely the reason for the critical praise she received.  If her concerts are as energetic as she is on this record, she would be a sight to behold.  Great record!",0,0,"May 16, 2011"
10,"I was previously a Janelle fan when i heard 'Violet Star Happy Hunting', so i was generally happy when i heard of this album coming out. But i had NO idea what i was in store for, she is simply amazing, and it's Very rare that i actually listen to a whole album without skipping songs, I am officially a Janelle Monae fan from now.",0,0,"Nov 17, 2010"
10,"Janelle Monae has superior vocals, unique style and image, and an album that has several genres incorporated into every song, it's one of the most entertaining and unique albums of the year.",0,0,"Nov 22, 2010"
8,"The sheer scope of The ArchAndroid is vast. The concept of Janelle Monae's alter-ego is one for the books. The ArchAndroid is a fantastic record. Every track is detailed to perfection with hooks and different sounds and of course Janelle Monae's soulful R&B vocals and her futuristic lyrics. The album contains 18 songs, The first 9 being the more superior in it's accessibility and catchiness, while the latter half is more experimental, yet extremely well crafted once you start to really listen to them.
All In All, Janelle Monae crafted a beautiful debut record and one that many will remember years from now. B+",0,0,"Sep 12, 2013"
9,"I was extremely impressed. This is a very colourful, diverse, many-themed album. You can tell she worked very hard on this, and there's something in it for everyone. I enjoyed every piece and am very curious about what else she can pull off. She definitely deserves more recognition, but, then again, when you think about what singers are popular these days (Justin Bieber, Kesha) it's not surprising that she doesn't have a place in the mainstream world. Easily one of the best albums of the year.",0,0,"Nov 26, 2010"
10,"Great album. Esp. songs like Dance or Die just stands-out. A true music masterpiece. Don't know how it didn't do well on the charts. People these days don't have good taste in music. Instead of buying and listening to a brilliant albums like this, they buy albums by people who can't even sing like Miley Cyrus, Justin Bieber, Ke$ha, etc... if you don't have this album i highly recommend it.",0,0,"Dec 14, 2010"
10,"This is talent at its best. Janelle has produced yet another collection of eclectic sounds. The depth of each track and the interludes gives one utmost pleasure with every listen. It is a rare showcase of artistry. Definitely one of my best albums this year.",0,0,"Dec 16, 2010"
9,"The album is certainly a journey through Monae's epic story, set to be completed in her next EP. The cross-genre album certainly is far from austere with many orchestral movements, complemented with folk and even some alternative rock. The foundations of the album lie within the soulful voice of Janelle Monae, which are displayed in tracks such as Cold War, Tightrope, Neon Valley Street and BaBopByeYa. I believe this album is certainly of the best of 2010 and is a sure contender for the Grammy nomination.  I cannot wait for the conclusion to this saga.",0,0,"Dec 26, 2010"
10,"This album paints probably the most clear picture I've ever seen/heard for such a stylistically diverse album.  Each song has bits of different generes blended together to the point that each one is present, but impossible to pick out and analyse.  Instead the whole album feels like a genre of its own, Janelle Monae is the genre.  A beautiful album that has moments of being fun and party inducing, moments of being grave, serious and sometimes sad, and other times its just got that cool, lazy sway that only the most confident musicians can accomplish (think WIndow Seat by Erykah Badu).  The point is that it is one of the most amazing pieces of r&b, or whatever you want to call it to come out in a long, long time.",0,0,"Feb 19, 2011"
10,"Best album of 2010 along with Kanye West's My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy. She is so talented. I love the way on how she experimented with many genres. I can't wait until her next album.",0,0,"Oct 27, 2011"
8,"Its good parts are something special, its bad parts are well....bad. to be fair this album is proabably the most interesting one i have heard over the past few years, it breaks the typical pop mould - something most people are crying out for and it should be applauded because of it.Its pretty track heavy and it would of been nice to have it reduced somewhat as their is a good few tracks that people will skip (especially in the later parts of the album), all round though its pretty inspiring - even if some of the tracks seem ripped out of a Disney film.",0,0,"Aug 31, 2011"
10,"Monae is this generation's Lauryn Hill. She has the same strength and brilliance, she as as creative and as talented. The album is a living proof of her sheer talent. It's the album of 2010, period.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2011"
10,"The ArchAndroid is one of the best albums of all time. And my personal favorite. Janelle created a beautiful soundscape and it draws me in every time I listen. Whether you are listening to the concept, or listening to each song individually as it's own piece, it entertains! This woman had the desire and passion to create something beautiful, and she did. There is a wide variety of influences that can be heard throughout the entire album. And Janelle executed this entire production flawlessly. From the power-house vocals to mild melodies, there were no limits. Daring and bold, this album is what most artists dream of achieving. Definitely looking forward to the fourth and final suite!",0,0,"Jun  4, 2012"
10,"To put it short: For the evolution of art form called music - this is the most important album made since Bruce Springsteen's Born To Run in 1975. I'm completely amazed by the way Janelle Mone ventures to different genres and everytime, hits a home-run.",0,0,"Jul 30, 2012"
10,"Her songs brings the soul of the soul music back, I listened to the full album several times, I can't stop listening to this, if you like R&B or soul music, your life is made.",0,0,"Mar  9, 2013"
8,"Che accidenti di donnina che  Janelle Mone. Perch se una, a venticinque anni, scrive e registra un caleidoscopio come questo e casca meravigliosamente in piedi, i numeri deve proprio averli. Loggetto ha tutto per farsi guardare con sospetto: un concept-album (addirittura!) che racconta la seconda e la terza parte di una saga fantascientifica iniziata nel precedente Metropolis: suite I (The chase) e ispirata al film di Fritz Lang richiamato vagamente anche dallimmagine di copertina, il tutto musicato con uno spettro larghissimo di influenze in cui la musica nera ha la prevalenza, ma tutto meno che lesclusiva. Partiamo da qualche numero: diciotto brani - incluse le due ouvertures orchestrali  per oltre unora di durata. In tanta abbondanza, qualcosa di troppo c, ma Janelle non d limpressione di avere fatto il passo pi lungo della gamba e lestrema variet del disco fa s che i successivi ascolti regalino sempre nuovi spunti. Non che la prima impressione risulti particolarmente difficoltosa: il substrato generale  un soul dalle grandi venature pop che ha la sua matrice di base nel suono Motown e subisce le influenze di Stevie Wonder, di Quincy Jones o di Prince. Ne consegue che ci sia pi di una strizzata docchio alle classifiche, particolarmente evidente in Cold war che magari pare fatta apposta per entrare in una colonna sonora (o in uno spot), ma  anche iresistibile tra ganci azzeccati e ritmo trascinante. Linizio del disco ha invece sonorit forse meno immediate, con il nu-soul che permea sia Dance or die (in cui il poeta e musicista Saul Williams regala una sfumatura hip-hop) sia, in versione pi funk, Faster, ma gi quando questultima confluisce in Locked inside (i primi tre brani non presentano soluzione di continuit) lattitudine pop inizia a farsi sentire grazie a una solarit che pu ricordare i Jackson 5. Prima della sullodata Cold war c uno dei momenti che servono a tirare il fiato: Sir Greendown  una ballata da mezze luci con tanto di organo sullo sfondo in cui lartista dimostra le ulteriori qualit di una voce davvero notevole sia nei pezzi tirati, sia in quelli datmosfera. Altri brani simili si trovano qua e l: la morbida (malgrado lintermezzo rap) Neon valley street o quella Say youll go che fa tanto anni Settanta, mentre Oh maker si distacca per un incidere decisamente bianco che per si apre in un bel ritornello che mette in mostra la sua netta ascendenza wonderiana. Del tutto in territorio viso pallido  invece 57821 un pezzo appoggiato sulla chitarra acustica che pare rifarsi pi al folk britannico che a CSN: realizzato con la collaborazione del duo funk Deep Cotton  uno degli anelli deboli del disco, in compagnia di Make the bus dove, assieme agli Of Montreal, Janelle costruisce un ibrido di disco anni Settanta e David Bowie periodo Ziggy che finisce per suonare come una versione meno brillante degli Sparks. Si tratta di canzoni non brutte o magari inutili  come , invece, lintermezzo di Neon gumbo  ma non allaltezza del resto. Si vedano al confronto il trascinante rhythm n blues di Tightrope, irrobustito dalla voce di Big Boi degli Outkast, oppure la deviazione rock dellaccoppiata costituita da Come alive (The war of the roses) e Mushroom & roses: la prima inizia con ritmica da anni Cinquanta, ma si sviluppa aggressiva dominata da una chitarra fuzz, mentre la seconda ha un rilassato andamento psichedelico che nella voce filtrata richiama i Beatles, ma, soprattutto, nelleffettato assolo di chitarra omaggia Prince. Oltre al non trascendentale disco-pop di Wondaland (gli anni Ottanta colpiscono ancora), allascoltatore resta ancora la suite nella suite: in quasi nove minuti, Babopbye Ya vaga avanti e indietro per quattro decenni  musical anni Quaranta, lounge anni Cinquanta, pop con tocchi di Brasile anni Sessanta, soul classico anni Settanta  dando ulteriore prova delleclettismo dellartista. Un eclettismo che nel brano conclusivo va a scapito della qualit (la carne al fuoco pare davvero troppa) ma che nelleconomia complessiva del disco  di sicuro un valore aggiunto: in queste canzoni, Janelle Mone d limpressione di saper mescolare con abilit i mille ingredienti che il passato le mette a disposizione per creare una musica allo stesso tempo immediata e curatissima. In pi, va ripetuto, la ragazza ha una gran voce e, vista anche la giovane et, le si perdonano con facilit anche i peccati presunzione.",0,0,"Feb 13, 2014"
10,"THIS... is my favorite album of all time (let me rephrase: It's in a 2-way tie for my favorite album of all time with 'The Velvet Rope' by Janet Jackson - BUY IT). Ever since I heard Tightrope for the first time, I fell in love with Janelle. I bought the album and, for a year, I played it roughly twice a day on average (from December 2010 till December 2011). Out of the 80 albums I had (at that time; I have many more now) I would play The ArchAndroid 9/10 times. That's a year of non-stop Janelle. I almost would say I have outplayed the album. I still listen to the album consistently as it remains my favorite album still (nearly a year later when I've been introduced to music that has changed my life). The album is magical, timeless, funky, different, etc. Too many words to describe it. I'm only 16 years old, but I know what good music is. The only 2 albums that come close to The ArchAndroid in my opinion are 'The Velvet Rope' and 'Janet Jackson's Rhythm Nation 1814', both by Janet Jackson. I'm convinced that no other album with ever top these 3. Janelle is incredibly underrated (seeing as The ArchAndroid hasn't even sold 200,000 copies yet after being released 2.5 years ago; also, the 2 singles released from the album didn't even chart). I hope more people are introduced to her and experience all I have experienced with the album. I love her to death!",0,0,"Nov 19, 2012"
9,"Beautiful...just sweet perfection. The adventures of the android Cindy Maywether run this album. Lyrics to die for, sounds and beats to enjoy, and just Janelle Monae's ass-kicking screams. A 70-minute album that will fuel your eardums up to serenity. Highlights include Cold War, Oh, Maker, and BabobByeya.",0,0,"Apr 24, 2013"
10,"A masterpiece. A incredible and challenging album, her style is ecletic and the music is the same. This album is like a movie or some. It's simply the best of this year 2010. Now i'm waiting for the sequel and i expect that it will be a second masterpiece of this talented woman.",0,0,"Aug 25, 2013"
9,"I love this album! Janelle has so many different styles and genres of music on 'The ArchAndroid'. The best songs on the album are 'Faster', 'Tightrope' and 'Come Alive (The War Of The Roses)'.",0,0,"Sep 14, 2013"
10,"It took just one listen. The album just gets better as the tracks are played on and on. It begins amazingly and ends perfectly. It starts with 'Suite II Overture' that is charming, then we have a trio ('Dance or Die', 'Faster' and 'Locked Inside') that makes you wanna dance and sing out loud. Right after we have 'Sir Greendown' that slow a bit but still a great song, the lyrics are great and it feels like this is a letter from Cindi to Sir. Greendown himself. 'Cold War' and 'Tightrope' bring back the 'dancy' feel, with amazing lyrics and production. These two songs are the best ones from the 'Suite II'. 'Neon Gumbo', 'Oh, Maker', 'Come Alive (War of the Roses)' and 'Mushrooms & Roses' end perfectly this first part of the album, but something better (if possible) is coming. The second part is initiated with 'Suite III Overture' that is as perfect as 'Suite II'. 'Neon Valley Street' is a great track, with amazing production, 'Make the Bus' and 'Wondaland' are amazing songs that fit this part of the album but a bit forgettable because of what is coming. '57821' opens the end of the album masterfully. 'Say You'll Go' is a great track that makes you dream and think about old movies and a great love, and then it comes. I don't know if an album was EVER ended in such a perfect way. The way 'BabopbyeYa' goes and is played, the way this track in its 8 minutes and 48 seconds amaze and impress is too much to handle, the way the three movements are perfectly produced and intertwined is unforgettable, the way Janelle's voice is powerful and sweet, all of these are 'BabopbyeYa' in its stunning performance. And when the song ends it makes you want to know what is comming next. 'The ArchAndroid' walk in many different genres but never loses its identity, its mastery. Janelle Mone's album is one of the best albums I've ever heard and much more.",0,0,"Sep  4, 2013"
10,"perfect...this record is pure magic you will get moved in a total different magical place when you hear this..( and this actually happens in every janelle monae's project)she creates her own world in her records..such a great artist",0,0,"Dec 19, 2013"
9,"this is a truly fabulous album literally bursting in styles and creativity and ambition. See this, people, is what pop music is all about. Ambition and creativity,  that's what modern pop needs, and any artist to do an album this fulfilling should most definitely consider themselves the ring leader of pop as we know it.",0,0,"Aug 11, 2014"
10,"Perfect in every sense of the word! The Archandroid does't just prove to be one of the best pop albums of 2010, but of all time! Janelle Monae destroys all!!",0,0,"Aug 25, 2014"
9,"A focus on fantastic tunes and thought provoking narrative makes for a fantastic record which manages to be cohesive despite amalgamating so many different styles and themes",0,0,"Mar 28, 2015"
10,"This album is simply amazing, the way the story evolves, it's magical. Truly recommend this one, you won't be disappointed, if you like R&B, this one is for you.",0,0,"Jul  2, 2016"
9,"This album is a good follow up to Here I Stand, he worked with some great producers to put together a great album, even though his album was leaked many months back. OMG is a follow up to his song on Here I Stand, Whats your name. if you are a fan of usher this album will be what you need to pick you up out of the slump that R&B has been in.",2,2,"Mar 30, 2010"
8,"Raymond vs Raymond is everything an usher fan could want. Its not Confessions but Michael never made another Thriller either. With songs 'Lil Freak', 'Papers' and 'OMG' keep you wanting more but the lack of story line and the uninspiring 'So Many Girls' hurt the album and keep keep it from being an instant classic. But it is worth the wait clearly better than 'Here I Stand'.",1,1,"Apr  5, 2010"
9,"Nice, half of his songs are really good, and some deserve to actually become International hits, but at the same time, some songs you can find them quite boring and some quite slow, but the balance added to this album affects the rating boundaries of music critics. Though a good achievement and great varieties balanced the scale.",1,1,"Feb 25, 2011"
2,"For a dude who can really sing he has sure managed to put together a cd of garbage. Everything sounds like they are trying way too hard to have a hit single. An over-produced mess without one solid song.",1,2,"Apr 12, 2010"
10,"Sounds good with a lot of variety.",0,0,"Apr  5, 2010"
2,"Some good moments, especially 'Window Seat,' but mostly it's a cacophonous mess.",0,1,"Apr  5, 2010"
9,"Finely crafted work of soulful art. One of the better CD's in this genre I've heard in a long while.",0,0,"Apr  9, 2010"
5,"More compassionate than the last album, she experiments too much w/ her 'veteran' rather than her talent.",0,0,"Apr  8, 2010"
10,"Initially underwhelming, but grows on you like crazy.",0,0,"Apr  8, 2010"
1,"Very boring. I think she's running on ganja fumes. Where are the songs? These are more like ideas unfulfilled. This is one of those projects where the performer's ego is the only thing running the show. A real snooze.",0,0,"Apr 12, 2010"
10,"This is dope! And it gets better and better after each listening.",0,0,"Apr 13, 2010"
8,"Sequels aren",0,0,"Oct  3, 2011"
7,"This part two can get to be even better than the first one. But, either way, just one song stands out off the bunch: 'Window Seat'. Might be this, the record for life from Erykah. Even though, she could have not put some dongd in this CD, because it sounded a little bit too long for me.",0,0,"Nov 15, 2011"
4,"this album it's noisy, it's a Electropop/R&B album with a lot of samples. I think that Derulo for this album misuse too many samples, the perfect example it's 'Love Hangover' a horrible pop track where he samples 'Who can it be Now'. n this album there are only 9 tracks, however there are good songs, like 'In My Head', a  really good 'synth rock' song, very original, but also bad songs like 'Fallen' and 'Blind' where he try to made R&B, but he fail. Generally there are few tracks, with a lot of bad samples, but some songs are original and good, i give 4 to this album because i wanna be kind",1,1,"Jan  7, 2016"
6,"I think Jason Derlo has the ability to write decent songs and dance well. On this album, he showcases that he is comfortable with singing lots of genres. Despite some superfluous amounts of Auto-Tune, Jason Derlo can still sing.",0,1,"Oct 21, 2010"
9,"Sade, one of the most consistent bodies of work by any group in the last 50 years. Remarkably still going strong.",0,1,"Feb  9, 2010"
5,"While their first few albums were certainly good, and their next two were undoubtedly great, this last one simply falls short. It just rehashes what they did with Lovers Rock. I guess they've finally run out of ideas.",0,3,"Nov 21, 2010"
10,"Still the soul diva we got to know in the 80's. Her voice is strong and her lyrics certainly tugs at one's heart strings like in the past. Excellent piece of art.",0,0,"Nov  7, 2011"
10,"For someone who felt great loss this year, this album came just at the right time. Puts into words every feeling and stage of grief there is, the confusion, the pain, the anger, until you reach that place were despite being torn apart you have reached a point were you have learnt to live with that part of you that will always being missing but have hope for the future. The lasting message you take away from the album is. life does go on. que sera sera.",1,1,"Sep 24, 2010"
9,"well produced an album that manages to capture. a fresh sound and an interpretation that I find very good. She knows how to sing.I prefer the standard version definitely",0,0,"Jul 19, 2013"
9,"Stronger with Each Tear cd sound of healing after all bandages from past pains. MJB warm lyrics stood out the most with the single I am. Shows a more confident side of the new Mary unlike the earlier less brave. I Can See In color is the reason why fans adore the queen for not just being in pitch perfect. Overall A",0,0,"Dec 10, 2013"
8,"Cool and consistent. The songs are sweet and simple, sung beautifully and the arrangements are airy and driving. A welcome change of pace that retains some of the elements of As I Am.",1,1,"Dec 16, 2009"
7,"For already fans of her, there is a lot to enjoy here. But for those looking smooth polished tracks like Try Sleeping with a Broken Heart will be disappointed. However, her voice and unique style shines all the way through the album as well as she always done.  Tracks like Doesn't Mean Anything, Wait Till You See My Smile, and Put It in a Love Song are definitely also highlights of Alicia's great vocals and compositions. Put in a Love Song as a collaboration with Beyonce, is quite disappointing due to the poor lyrics and overall sound that could have been bigger considering how amazing these girls are. But that aside, is still a nice track and an overall really nice album to relax and have a great time.",1,1,"Sep 28, 2010"
8,"This album sounds different from everything she's done so far and it seems to be the reason why people either love or hate it. I love it. It's more pop and electronic than the usual stuff but it's still Alicia Keys. She's trying out something else, let the girl bloom!",1,1,"Mar 18, 2011"
10,"As an album The Element Of Freedom it's not great but has some perfect musics. In my opinion LOVE IS BLIND, TRY SLEEPING WITH A BROKEN HEART and UN-THINKABLE (I'M READY) are perfect songs, that can balance some duds like Love is my disease, Like the sea and This bed.",1,2,"Aug 11, 2010"
1,"This is by far Keys' worst album, it's not very coherent, and the line-up is totally ruined by one song - Put It In A Love Song, an up-tempo Beyonce-ish song, featuring, no joke, Beyonce. Alicia shouldn't have collaborated with Beyonce, not that she isn't good, but they are so different musically and artistically, that you know, for sure, they just did it for publicity. Miss Keys' is not a publicity woman, she is far more, so shame Alicia, shame!",1,3,"Dec 28, 2009"
5,"As I Am was GREAT, even The Diary of Alicia Keys. The Element of Freedom...not so much. I only like two songs on this album. I'm kind of disappointed.",0,1,"Jan  8, 2010"
2,"Alicia is just not showing any musical growth, and the flaws in her voice are so apparent on this album.",0,2,"Dec 16, 2009"
0,"I really don't like this cd, the tempo is good, but almost all songs sound the same as her previous, that's not very creative i think. If you want a cd that thinks outside the box, and a cd from a woman around the same age as miss Keys, you should pic up Shakira's She Wolf, that's innovative!",0,1,"Dec 28, 2009"
8,"um",0,1,"Aug 10, 2011"
9,"New sound. This is a very good album.",0,0,"Dec 15, 2009"
10,"great, different, beautiful. that is all i can say.",0,0,"Dec 16, 2009"
9,"The sound and feeling of the album are just perfect. Probably her better CD, but Im sure Alicia Keys can do better.",0,0,"Dec 16, 2009"
6,"It's not bad, but it's not good either. Mediocre at best. Alicia did some good things in the past, but The Element Of Freedom gets boring after listening to it twice. Love Is Blind, Try Sleeping With A Broken Heart and Unthinkable are the best tracks. The worst one? Put It In A Love Song (feat Beyonce).",0,0,"Dec 17, 2009"
8,"So happy Alicia's introduced more pop elements into her music! The Element of Freedom is her first album I've enjoyed in its entirety. Yes, she may stay in a similar mood for the entire album, but it doesn't reach high highs and low lows like her earlier albums. I was never bored on this album--something I don't think could be said about her other works. Definitely worth a listen, especially for fans of mainstream R&B and pop.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2009"
10,"An excellent offering from Ms Keys. She never fails to impress. Adore every song with exception of 'Put It In A Love Song'.",0,0,"Dec 21, 2009"
5,"Her debut album on non-evolving sentiments of love. Every idea has indeed been sung before, and every song keeps you waiting for a heavy dose of her beautiful talent; but fails. A good listen for the high-school teen who 'thinks' he or she knows love.",0,0,"Dec 23, 2009"
10,"Perfect. Amazing album. Love her!",0,0,"Dec 16, 2009"
10,"Perfect album. In the realm of Illmatic, The Blueprint, and Aquemini.",0,0,"Dec 16, 2009"
10,"OMG. Just can't believe. This is so emotional. I love this album, i think this is her best album... Freedom, no one can sing like her whit all her passion and hope! i love her.",0,0,"Oct  7, 2011"
10,"A masterpiece, what a outstanding album, the songs are sung amazing, alicia is very talented, my favorite songs are put in a love song, doesn't mean anything, try sleeping with a broken heart and empire state of mind part 2 broken down.",0,0,"May 28, 2013"
10,"A Decent album with covers of Rod Stewart........... with the best be What Becomes of the Broken Hearted.................................................. What the Critics have against Rod..",0,0,"Nov 12, 2015"
10,"Another example why pitchfork should never review anything outside of their hipster comfort level.",0,0,"Oct 14, 2009"
10,"different and unique. Q tips lyricism and production on here is topnotch, like his past album this is yet another superb piece of work by him. classic.",0,0,"Apr 20, 2016"
3,"I lost time that I will never get back this is something that I found not enjoyable to listen to.",0,1,"Nov 19, 2009"
9,"Trey has matured with this album and has some great tracks on there.",0,1,"Nov 14, 2009"
7,"It's not hard to enjoy a Trey Songz record as he is a talented singer but I get the feeling that he is purely a figure for female enjoyment. It is for this reason that I cant award him a high mark though I feel like his musical input is deserving of more. I anticipate more success for Trey but I am pretty sure I will never pick up any of his records. The truth is I deleted most of this album off my iPod. The standout tracks are 'Say Aah' and 'Black Roses' both of which I kept for future listening.  7/10  71/100",0,0,"Jan 27, 2011"
10,"One of his best albums, smooth vocals, interesting concepts and sex songs that will last all night, I play this over and over because I cannot find any bad songs on it",0,0,"Jun 30, 2011"
10,"I was not a Trey Songz fan before this album. 'Ready' is an album that you can listen to straight through without turning any songs. It starts with a 'Panty Droppa' which introduces you into an album of pain and pleasure. This album touches every where that a male R&B artist should. Sex- 'invented sex' 'Panty Droppa (into)' 'Jupiter Love' 'Does he do it' 'Neighbors Know My name' . Pain- 'Love Lost' 'yo side of the bed' 'Holla if you need me' 'One Love' . Fun- 'I need a girl' 'say ahh' 'Lol :)' successful' . This album is the best male R&B album I have heard since Usher 'Confessions'. Well worth the listen.",0,0,"Sep  2, 2011"
5,"She can do so much better, i know she is not a song writter but common wh, we want to hear about those demones that got u down , and how you beat them...not the generic stuff",1,1,"Sep  5, 2009"
0,"I'm sorry but it's plain embarrassing to read all the industrz reviews praising a CRACKY voice of a once amazing diva... The album is mediocre at best. Ms Houston sounds like a wannabie karaoke singer in most of the songs. She could be oversung by the likes of Miley Cyrus now - and surely with better results.",0,2,"Sep  4, 2009"
10,"For once, the music industry hype is actually warranted. Whitney Houston's 'I Look To You' is a well produced, well written, and most importantly well sung musical wonder It's eclectic sounds of old school r&b, neo-soul, and grade A pop comprise a stellar album. A triumphant success and hard earned comeback for one of the greatest vocalists of all time.",0,1,"Sep  9, 2009"
6,"I love whitney but i must admit that i was expecting much more than this... i don't feel the same magic anymore.",0,0,"Sep  2, 2009"
10,"Great album! Worth It, CAll You Tonight, Nothing But Love, Million Dollar Bill, Salute......hotness!",0,0,"Sep  2, 2009"
9,"This is without a doubt, Whitney's most solid and complete piece of work. Her previous album had killer singles but lacked consistency and unity. With 'I Look To You', she finally made a real and back to back strong record. As a whole it takes you into a journey filled with ups and downs and by the end it gives u a positive 'last laugh' message. It's an epic and strong 'comeback', honestly, the best we have seen in recent years. 'Call You Tonight', 'I Look To You', 'A Song For You', 'Nothin' But Love' and 'I Didn't Know My Own Strength' are already signature hits to her catalog.",0,0,"Sep  2, 2009"
9,"'I Look to You' is easily Whitney's most cohesive and satisfying album in a decade. The years have weathered her voice, but it remains a singularly expressive instrument. This is a contemporary pop soul album, of course. That seems a market imperative. But within that limited framework, she and the producers find ways of telling her story that are rarely maudlin or dull. The standouts for me are the badass funk disco of 'Million Dollar Bill', the Erasure meets tropical beat underpinning the stellar 'Nothin But Love', the unabashed abba-esque take on Leon Russell's 'A Song For You' (crazy I know, but it totally works), and the tailor-made gospel testimony of David Foster/Diane Warren's 'I Didn't Know My Own Strength'.",0,0,"Sep  3, 2009"
9,"I think that Whitney's I look to You is her most autobigraphical and personal album yet. From the ballads, I look to you, and I didn't know my own strength, you can feel through her voice, her struggles, her lowpoints, how she got to know that she was strong and who she looked to for help. While A song for you will never touch her masterful rendition that she did at the welcome home heroes show, it is unique and beautiful in it's own way and somehow the lyrics now fit her life at this stage more, '..I've been so many places in my life and time, sung a lot of songs, made some bad rhyme....and when my life is over, remember when we were alone, i was singing this song for you..'. there is a haunting quality to her voice when she sings this and then it breaks into a more upbeat dance number that is more triumphant. For the Lovers sees Houston belting, 'throw your hands up, for the next 3 mins this is for the lovers' this thumping number will have you on the dance floor and people will see why she is just as good on dance tracks- the Voice is very powerful here and the phrasing is great. There are other strong songs such as Worth it' and Call you tonight as well, The set closes out with the song 'Salute' that just seems to be about her telling her ex- husband that she made it just fine without him and that he can leave and go on out the door now. This is a strong album, surprisingly by Houston and there are many, many good songs on it. This is an album that i don't skip any tracks which for me is rare- If you listen without prejudice and try not to compare her to her 20's which is silly, you will enjoy an awesome album by Houston who lets us into her life more than she has in the pass.",0,0,"Sep  6, 2009"
7,"The album, as a whole, successfully allow for a solid comeback. But it's in its deconstruction to analyze the parts where you'd find a few flaws, mainly, Ms. Houston voice comes out raspy in some notes where you can tell that wasn't the intention. But as a final product, it's a solid one, and I can totally visualize a couple of songs being borrowed for the soundtrack of Sex and the City 2. My favorite is the ninth track 'For the lovers', so rhythmic, yet smooth and catchy.",0,0,"Sep  8, 2009"
10,"This is her 2nd best album, right after My Love Is Your Love. Standout tracks include I Got You, Nothin' But Love & Call You Tonight.",0,0,"Sep  1, 2009"
5,"Though she can no longer hit the high notes, this diva still has an amazing voice. Too bad that most of tracks contain forgettable middle-of-the road material. She deserved better for a supposed 'comeback' album.",0,0,"Sep  1, 2009"
9,"Very good! 'I got you' is an amazing song.",0,0,"Sep 11, 2009"
8,"Very, very good.",0,0,"Sep  1, 2009"
10,"I Love this CD.... Its one of her best ever.....The voice is not the same.... But she is singing better the 99% of the singers that we listen on the radio.... Call You Tonight, Nothing But Love, Worth It, For The Lovers, Mill Dollar Bill, A Song For YoU and Salute are the standout tracks.....",0,0,"Sep  2, 2009"
10,"I am thrilled to see that Whitney is finally back. The songs on this CD clearly reflect all of the hurt and trauma that she has experienced in recent years. My favourite track is 'Salute' in which I can only assume that she is saying goodbye to the most negative influence in her life to date.....that loser Bobby Brown. Good riddance and thank God that she's free at last!!! Welcome back Whitney and God bless.",0,0,"Sep  2, 2009"
10,"I love the new cd! Great to have her back and can't wait to hear her in concert. Like she never left:-)",0,0,"Sep  2, 2009"
10,"One of her best. Soulful, emotional, great lyrics and melodies. Welcome back Whitney and good music. My favorites are Call You Tonight, Worth It, A Song For You and Million Dollar Bill..",0,0,"Sep  2, 2009"
10,"I really have fallen in love with this album, I wasn't sure what to expect, but it is really well put together, and it hits home. I congratulate you whitney on making a classic soul record. 'you got me' on your corner with this one.",0,0,"Sep  3, 2009"
10,"Pleasantly surprised by this album.",0,0,"Sep  3, 2009"
10,"Let's be clear, this isn't vintage Whitney and certainly not Whitney at her prime. But she still can sing circles around 99% of contemporary/popular artists of this generation. While I think some of the ballads are cheesy, all of the music utilized Whitney's voice as it remains today. She sounds best on Worth It (almost vintage) but all songs are enjoyable.",0,0,"Sep  3, 2009"
10,"I couldnt have asked for more... wait I guess I could. The only things missing from this album are Darkchild and Babyface. Other than that, its almost perfect.",0,0,"Sep  3, 2009"
9,"Luv it to bits. Her voice is strangely captivating. It's not what it's used to be, but there's certain something that will keep you listening.",0,0,"Sep  4, 2009"
10,"RETURN OF THE DIVA!!! Seriously - this is a stand-out album of solid material, delivered by a singer who, at her prime, was THE most unrivaled singer in modern popular culture. While THE VOICE isn't what it was several years ago, she's got a husky soul sound that only deepens her always exquisite lyrical interpretations. This is Whitney at her best. PURE Diva!",0,0,"Sep  4, 2009"
10,"Whitney is hawwwt, y'all! She brang it hard on this one!! The Bomb!!!! Go Nippy! Comeback of the decade!!",0,0,"Sep  4, 2009"
10,"I bought this album for my wife and honestly, I was never a Whitney Houston fan but these songs are so cool, catchy and anyone who has ever been through though times needs to BUY THIS CD. We play it all the time!",0,0,"Sep  5, 2009"
10,"A rare true gem! in a day and age where all the sounds you hear are robotized to perfection, I look to you is a refreshing exception. the whole album is a mirror of Whitney Houston's triumphant journey from hell and back. her wounds are proudly in display with a defiant scream of an angel with clipped wings. the songs do not soar to heavens but sails right through the heart. an amazing sonic experience like tasting a century old wine.",0,0,"Sep  5, 2009"
10,"This is the best album of 2009 so far. The melodies, the grooves, and the vocals are so fresh and refined. It's magic to witness this new era of Whitney Houston. Stand outs include Call You Tonight, Million Dollar Bill, Salute, For The Lovers and I Got You!",0,0,"Sep  6, 2009"
9,"If anyone is seeking to hear another 'I'll Always Love You' or 'I Have Nothing' on this album, then I am sorry to say they will disappointed. However, if anyone seeks to hear a Whitney that has been through so much and having scars from personal battles fought, then this is the IT album. Personally, its a great set of tracks! I agree that the voice has changed....but what is gone in terms of range and power is replaced by passion, emotion and some sexiness younguns of today can only hope for. I am still rooting for a Grammy for this album and I know, that some young hopefuls will be singing songs from this album on the next American Idol season. So so happy she is back and I know now what she is here...its gonna be hit after hit and maybe a movie soon. Best tracks are......Call You Tonight, Worth It, I Got You and Salute!!!",0,0,"Sep  6, 2009"
10,"The best album of the year. Whitney sings with so much soul and passion that she makes you forgive her for not hitting more high notes. Welcome back whitney. My Top 5 songs are A song for you, I got you, I didn't know my own strength, Worth it and the magnificent SALUTE. Great job.",0,0,"Sep  2, 2009"
10,"I absolutely LOVE this album! This new Whitney 'sound' is so raw, vulnerable, emotional, and breathtaking. She truly is channeling her emotions in every single track! You can hear how rich her voice is in songs like IDKMOS, ASFY, and IGY. It's great to have good music with great lyric and melodies that people of every age and culture can relate to. Congrats Whitney on a spectacular album. Wish you nothing but the best!",0,0,"Sep  3, 2009"
9,"Yes, I loved the old voice, but I really can't complain about what she's doing with the new one. This was a great way to say, 'I'm back.' I love Nothin But Love, For The Lovers, Call You Tonight, and Worth It the best.",0,0,"Sep  3, 2009"
10,"Strong effort from the premier diva of song. Highlights are SALUTE, WORTH IT, NOTHIN' BUT LOVE and MILLION DOLLAR BILL. Whitney's voice has aged like a fine wine, and is now sultry, deep and in my opinion even more soulful. These songs fit her like a custom suit, and it's great to have her back!",0,0,"Sep  3, 2009"
10,"This is a super modern but still timeless album by the voice that redefined pop singing. She's still at her very best and still unbeatable.",0,0,"Sep  5, 2009"
10,"Wonderfull album, just love it!!!",0,0,"Sep  8, 2009"
10,"the album one of the best of his career but with a grave lack of producers for the album that had a global boom had released more singles because there are many great songs. Whitney's voice is magical and captivates you one of the best albums of the 2000s.",0,0,"Oct 29, 2012"
10,"Fantastic neo-soul album. Maxwell has a been away for way too long, and I'm glad he came back with something so powerful. When someone can actually make an album that you can connect with, rather than just a bunch of junk available for sale, then I remember why I love music so much.",1,1,"Oct 16, 2010"
0,"In my head I knew Maxwell, but this was until I heard the entire BLACK album. Anytime I ear a song of him i get something new that he try to teach me...
This album is generous. 9 track, yes but that never will want you to miss those 22 records tracks. It is generous in terms of emotion, lyrical content, musicality and humanity. Maxwell shares it all.
He crosses barriers and shows everyone the most vulnerable side of him. This is a more blues man Maxwell here that tells how broken he is by his previous relationships..
During his early 20's in the 90's, he definitely was this sex symbol, now he still is but with this added fact that he his a grown man, and we can sense that.
Every song whether you like them or not, will move you, but still you will like them but you're untitled to your opinion when it comes to which one is you favorite.
I would say that Black is far from Urban's Hang Suite in so many levels but pretty much link to the 1st album of the soul singer. The sound is different, bold and completed with the generosity add by the sound delivered by his 10 piece band. We can hear wild blues-funk (Cold) slow jams (Stop the world) as far as ballads like the 1st single 'Pretty wings'.
But it's quite evolved, the arrengements sounds very contemporary (Pheonix Rise) and the way the vintage feeling that occured doesn't seems fake or besides the point. It does shows a deep statement : NOWADAYS SOUL STILL EXISTS.
The Grammy award winner let us understand that it was better for him to step away for a moment so that he could 'live life to create after' and bring us some raw material and it was WORTH waiting for so long. And still, if you don't know who Maxwell is, I would say that it is never too late. His discography justify what a lover of music he is and how his music doesn't respond to all the dictated codes  of the industry and the shift that soul/rnb music is taking.
ENJOY this album and keep you ears wide open and feel every sound of it.",0,1,"Jul  6, 2012"
10,"For those who can hear, this first album is absolutely magical. From the saultry 'Bad Habits' to the insightful 'Fistful of Tears', Maxwell is well into his own. My favorite is ' Stop the World'....Lovely.",0,0,"Jul  9, 2009"
9,"Maxwell is the epitome of Neo-soul. Very suave is this LP, proving the past legend who layed the foundation left room for continuance. He brings soul into today's times by way of melodic grace.",0,0,"Jul 21, 2009"
10,"It will be Contemporary R&B classic.",0,0,"Jul 27, 2009"
10,"Maxwell is an amazing artist, performer and visionary. I have been a fan from the beginning. This album is a great comeback album that i know everyone will enjoy.",0,0,"Jul  7, 2009"
10,"I am truley glad I got out of bed & went to walmart to get this long awaited release. 1 word is all I can think of......beautiful.",0,0,"Jul  8, 2009"
9,"His best one yet, so his long hiatus is forgiven. And allthough he still wears his influences (Al Green, Prince) on his sleave, I guess the best way to describe this record is as the R n B equivalent of Jeff Buckley's Grace.",0,0,"Aug  2, 2009"
10,"The devil is in the details and this album is ALL about the details. A mature, concise, emotionally delicate and beautifully crafted album sung with remarkable grace. Does anyone else think that 'Cold' is a virtual master class in musical composition? Kudos to the band, all I can say about you is DAMN, blistering brass section and wicked percussions.",0,0,"Aug  8, 2009"
10,"Brilliant, wonderful and delightly entertaining.",0,0,"Sep  4, 2009"
10,"Excellent. This is his best so far, to me. The songs are not catchy but so well executed. No filler.",0,0,"Jul 15, 2009"
10,"Great album. emotions flow and intertwine with his great voice. Amizing artist who provided great soul album this year.",0,0,"Jul 16, 2009"
1,"Rubbish.",0,0,"Jul 18, 2009"
9,"This is what John Legend thinks he makes, but doesn't. What Prince would like to make, but can't anymore. What Marvin Gaye would have made. Maxwell proves he is the king of nu soul.",0,0,"Jul 24, 2009"
10,"I love this cd, can't stop listening to it.. Love his voice. Thank you maxwell.",0,0,"Jul 27, 2009"
10,"What R&B is supposed to sound like from an amazingly talented artist.",0,0,"Jul  7, 2009"
10,"When all the artists of today all sound a like and are totally 'cookie cutter' with catchy beats and no substance. I am thrilled that Maxwell is back. The album is right on time!",0,0,"Jul  7, 2009"
10,"Maxwell's voice is so deep and mature, the sound is so human and returns the listener an open heart feeling. Music that catches immediately, but with a long lasting flavour. An instant classic.",0,0,"Aug 11, 2009"
10,"This album was worth the wait. These days the public are forced to listen to music with no story, lyrics with no meaning and voices with no soul. Maxwell has definitely given us 'real music'. Music that will be remembered and appreciated for a long time.",0,0,"Sep 11, 2009"
9,"I cannot stop listening to this cd. I opened this with a bit of caution but was greeted with an album full of great vocals ,adult writing and a drummer who should get all the kudos available he makes this cd swing.",0,0,"Jul 18, 2009"
10,"This cd is a well executed release. Nobody is better at groove sessions than Maxwell.",0,0,"Jul 22, 2009"
9,"No hooks, no catchy songs, it's true. Just deep, layered and well-crafted soul of the kind that just doesn't get made anymore. One or two more songs and I'd have given it a 10. Beautiful.",0,0,"Jul 24, 2009"
10,"This album is totally awesome. I love it !",0,0,"Jun  2, 2009"
10,"This album is ABSOLUTELY AMAZING and so underrated. Her sexy voice, her slow jamz, her seductive lyrics are compelling and outstanding. I wish she can get the recognition she deserves. Their is not one track on here that I dont enjoy. This album is a masterpiece.",1,1,"Dec 10, 2012"
3,"'Goodies' and '1, 2 Step' period is really far far far from her now. And we can feel it so deeply: The electronic sounds are (almost everytime) naive and badly used. No personnality. No standout track ('Never Ever' and 'Work' being very good songs though, almost standout tracks). Recyclage ('High Price' being a 'Oh!, Part 2' for example). The artists featuring on this album were predictable. Not only the artists, but the album in itself is predictable.",0,0,"May  7, 2009"
9,"Not her best, bust still works. watch out for plucker up and like a surgeon.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2009"
9,"Work and Like A Surgeon are among the best songs of the year.",0,0,"Jul  4, 2009"
8,"If this album had shown up in stores without every song having leaked first, peoples' reactions would be much more positive. Reviewing it based solely on song quality, the production is inventive and modern, and the album is highly listenable from front to back (unlike Goodies and The Evolution, which both trailed off into treacly ballads). Ciara sounds good and shows off a harder edge to her personality, but balances this with more emotional tracks like 'Lover's Thing' and 'Never Ever', ensuring she doesn't dehumanize herself. (Ok, 'Never Ever' isn't very good, but it's the biggest misstep here). The deluxe edition is also even better - Echo and I'm On should have made the standard edition.",0,0,"May  7, 2009"
10,"Though it does have the usual collaborators and featured guest Fantasy Ride has a plethora of different tracks ranging from hip-hop (High Price) to RnB (Whats your name). All the songs on the album have potential to be singles, and all of them being strong vocally with the strong hot beat. I think Fantasy Ride is the best album out in 2009!",0,0,"May 13, 2009"
5,"Its ashame that Ciara has made these far from amazing albums. If she were to take the singles and the few album tracks that arent filler from each of her albums she would create an amazing r&b record. But alas, we're stuck with ripping discs onto our laptops and making them playlists.",0,0,"May 24, 2011"
4,"After 2 great albums, Ciara has lost her sense of touch. This album is sloppy and lacking in personality. While Love Sex Magic, Turntables, Never Ever and Keep Dancin' On Me keep us entertained, they are brief moments of real pleasure on this record. Much of the rest is merely filler. Better luck next time.",0,0,"Nov 23, 2010"
10,"The reviews for this album make me almost insanely, unreasonably angry. A pop masterpiece that flows from sick nasty dance floor explosions to a trio of late album slow-down jaw-droppers, it'll never be done again. This was the Ciara breakout and still sounds fresh 6 years later. Play the last 3 tracks in a row for your friends and watch their jaws drop.",0,0,"May  7, 2015"
6,"Track by track review:
1. Ciara to the Stage 8/10
2. Love Sex Magic 5.5/10
3. High Price 3/10
4. Turntables 4.5/10
5. Like a Surgeon 7/10
6. Never Ever 3/10
7. Lover's Thing 6/10
8. Work 9.5/10
9. Pucker Up 9/10
10. G Is for Girl (AZ) 8/10
11. Keep Dancin' on Me 6.5/10
12. Tell Me What Your Name Is 6.5/10
13. I Don't Remember 6/10
Highlight: Work
Potential singles: Love Sex Magic, Never Ever, Work, Ciara to the Stage, Like a Surgeon",0,0,"May 13, 2015"
10,"Awesome album! It's rare that I love every song on an album, but this is one of those albums. CM has a sensuous, melifluous, moving voice. All the melodies are gorgeous. 'Fragile' is my #1 song - it's bangin'. I also love 'Blame It On Me' and 'Porcelain Doll.' And all the others as well. I highly recommend this CD.",0,0,"May 11, 2009"
7,"As much as I love Chrisette Michelle, I just could not get a feel for her as a artist in this CD. With the album being produced by Ne-Yo, the modern R/B feel just does not fit Chrisette's soulful voice. Her first album stood out more because it was more neo-soul than the urban r/b and pop feel. It made her stand out. I believe that she should go back to the basics and make another album like the first one. I do love the song epiphany though!!",0,0,"May 12, 2009"
9,"Fabulous meld of Booker T. for the ages!",0,0,"Jun  1, 2009"
10,"This is what I was waiting for, holding my breath, lips white (or blue). Ahhhh!",0,0,"Feb  3, 2009"
10,"First time I hear the sample of her album I didn't like it at all!! But after I listened the whole album I just fail in love with it...can't stop to listen Absolutely wonderful !!!",0,0,"Feb 12, 2009"
10,"Jaded critics aside, music-luvvers will find much to move them out of their seats and onto the dance floor in CBTY; whether to shake their groove-thangs, do a solo show-off or hug-up with a partner and slow dance. This is music for grown folks!",0,0,"Feb 14, 2009"
10,"I'm so glad her albun came out and that she stuck to who she is and what she can sing. Beautiful voice and feeling to each and every song! Thank you for sharing your gift with us!",0,0,"Feb 21, 2009"
10,"Only one bad song (video phone) the I AM side is absolute genius...These are actual quality pop/ R & B ballads.",2,2,"Dec 11, 2008"
8,"I Am...Sasha Fierce, while not Beyonce's best album, is an enjoyable album. The 'I Am' side is a generally enjoyable disc, but can sometimes get boring. If this album is a battle between her split personalities, 'Sasha Fierce' wins. To her credit, though 'Ave Maria' on the I Am... is one of the best vocal performances of her career. First and Second Singles, 'If I Were A Boy' and 'Halo,' are also thoroughly memorable tunes. 'Smash Into You' could be a possible third single and would probably do well on pop radio. 'Hello' was a slight dissapointment for me. 'That's Why You're Beautiful' also was a little boring Disc Two, 'Sasha Fierce' features fierce club tunes, all of which are good. First Single, 'Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)' is a certified smash and one of her most memorable tracks. Other highlights include the 80's influenced 'Radio' and 'Sweet Dreams' both of which would make nice singles. Second single 'Diva is also and deluxe edition track 'Ego' is nice. In conclusion, even though Beyonce has stated she recorded 70 songs for this album, she really didn't pick enough tracks to warrant a double album. She could have just done one disc. But, she took a risk in releasing a double-album, and sometimes risks can be good.",2,2,"Jan 19, 2009"
10,"Beyonce broke out from her boundaries.. and she deserves credit for that.. especially by making an album this good.",2,2,"Nov 19, 2008"
9,"I think that this album is something she put a lot of effort into because there are catchy songs all over the album. She has obviously also grown vocally.",2,2,"Nov 20, 2008"
10,"I have always been a fan of Beyonc, and this album is the best of hers to date! This is the first Beyonc album ever that all the good songs are fully compiled in the album. In the 2 previous albums I like some songs and don't like some, but in I Am... Sasha Fierce I have to admit that I like ALL the songs! Beside the usual 'Sasha Fierce' side that she has always shown us, the Beyonc side is really different and worth to listen. I have no comment about her alter ego or the album being splitted into 2 sides, but the whole album. For the ones who are wondering if they should buy the Standard or the Deluxe: buy the Standard if you don't have money, and download the other tracks online if you are so excited. If you decided to go for it (like I do) then Deluxe is a good choice.",2,2,"Dec  1, 2008"
10,"This album is amazing... Its one of the best albums Ive ever heard in my entire life... Its goes from fun and bouncy with songs like Single Ladies to soft and beautiful with a song like Halo.... Satellites would be my favorite track.. Its so real and raw.",2,2,"Nov 25, 2009"
10,"As a critic said - this album offers two compelling sides of Beyonce.Not only is the idea of having two utterly different albums in one, brilliant, but it also provides Beyonce with a lot of space for creativity. From the first CD, excellent ballads keep on rolling and rolling and some of them are heart-wrenching, such as 'If I were a boy' and 'Broken-Hearted Girl.' This is definitely the better part of the album, and its where Beyonce shows her vocal abilities to their fullest.The second CD is a dance mixture with some really catchy tunes such as 'Single ladies,' 'Sweet Dreams' and 'Diva.' Beyonce has definitely found herself in this album more so than in previous ones, I'd say. Definitely worth a listen or two... or for a couple of months, as I'm doing it!",2,2,"Aug 13, 2010"
10,"I Am... Sasha Fierce is one of the best pop/r&b albums in recent years. She is really a living legend. She has the entire package. She is one of the very few to give you vulnerability, as evident in songs like 'Satellites,' 'Scared of Lonely,' 'Smash Into You,' among others, and at the same time give you sassy and commanding Beyonc, that we all love, or should I say Sasha Fierce? Overall this album is EPIC. Her best to date. Standout tracks: Halo, Smash Into You, If I Were a Boy, Single Ladies (Put a Ring On It), Sweet Dreams, Ave Maria.",2,2,"Jun 10, 2011"
10,"Really diverse and cohesive. The 'I Am...' side is filled with sensual, meaningful and emotional ballads where Beyonc reveals all her fears and insecurities. The 'Sasha Fierce' side, which is filled with fierce uptempos, shows us the other side of Beyonc - her alter ego Sasha Fierce.",2,2,"Aug  6, 2012"
7,"I didn't have an idea of what to expect with this album, mostly because it was my first Beyonc album that have ever bought and I don't know what her previous albums have been like. I have heard her earlier songs and Ii think they rock. Now if you compare this album to those songs - Irreplaceable, Get Me Bodied, Crazy In Love, Naughty Girl- it falls awfully flat. If I Were A Boy is beautiful but boring. Even Single Ladies, which is one hell of a song, can't live up to the bold and glamorous Get Me Bodied. B, you're one of the best, most hard working and honest artists out there. But next time, please go back to color photography, because the black-and-white form the photos is seeping into your songs. It took ages to get hooked to the songs on the first disc (which after MANY listens, is quite nice) and also some time to like the second disc. Overall, the album deserves it'is ten grammy noms because technically, it is flawless. But when it comes to personal taste, it was very boring.",1,1,"Dec 30, 2009"
10,"I cant stop listening to this album, i just love it. i love smash into you and disappear on the first cd, and sweet dreams and hello on the second one.",1,1,"May 26, 2009"
10,"Exceptional. Beyonce shines through in her latest album I Am... Sasha Fierce, creating heavy ebat laden songs and moving, beautiful ballads. An album that will bring out your inner diva or hustler or calm your senses and make you take a closer look at the smaller and more beautiful moments in life.",1,1,"Aug 19, 2009"
8,"I am one of the biggest fans of Beyonce at first the albulm was a disappointment because I hadn't expected her to bring out such songs and such sounds but once I sat down and listen to the full albulm it grew on me and Now I actually think this is her best work ever. She shows she has no boundaries esp. in I am... she reveals a side of her that is more intriguing and makes me want to know more",1,1,"Nov 20, 2008"
10,"I think this album is amazing. The only reason people are knocking Beyonce is because she is at the top of her game and people love to tear someone down when they are in that position. The woman is unstoppable though. Her performance is the Single Ladies video is UNBELIEVABLE. The songs are absolutely rocking on I Am...Sasha Fierce. I think alot of the songs on B'day were a bit noisey and repetative and it sounds like she learned to control her vocal power to make her voice sound more beautiful. The best songs on I Am are Halo, Broken Hearted Girl and Ave Maria. On Sasha Fierce I LOVE single Ladies, Radio, Sweet Dreams and Ego. I would HIGHLY reccommend anyone buy this album and if she's performing performing near anybody PLEASE go to see her. It's the most amazing performance ever! She is a modern day legend and nobody should listen to any of the 'conspiracy theories' that are posted in other comments RE: album packaging!",1,1,"Dec  9, 2008"
0,"This album sounds effortless. And I don't mean that as a compliment. There's nary a song on here that deserved to see the light of day. 'Halo' was written for Leona Lewis, and should have been reserved for ONLY her. Beyonce did no justice to it. And 'Sweet Dreams' would have been great if it hadn't leaked already a year ago. Everything else on this album is purely derivative and a complete and total insult to consumer's tastes. Beyonce set such a high precedent with her first two albums but she obviously isn't above exploiting the holidays to make a fast, shameful buck. 50 Cent, Eminem, Kelly Clarkson, Lily Allen, U2, and Black Eyed Peas all postponed their albums until next year in order to guarantee a better quality product. Beyonce just copped out to a half-baked album and blatantly chose to rip off not only her contemporaries, but her fans as well. In this case, I sincerely hope she goes broke for underestimating the public's taste. This is the worst album of 2008.",1,1,"Dec 28, 2008"
10,"Amazing album. The 'I Am' side is perfect, there is no one with voice like the one she has.Halo is one of the most beautiful songs that I ever heard.",4,8,"Sep  3, 2011"
0,"This record was filth. Trying to charge fans money for 2 cd's with only a handful of songs on each. The music is best on the ballads, but the 'Sasha Fierce' side of the album besides 'Single Ladies' is awful. IT seems Beyonce copped out and didn't want to have a bomb on her hands like the way the ballad-filled 4 was. It's clear the record label wanted Beyonce to re-write the album with uptempo songs when she obviously didn't want to.",1,3,"Dec  3, 2011"
2,"Nice try. Sometimes Beyonce's shallowness is so thorough it's almost like depth.",1,4,"Nov 20, 2008"
0,"absolutely dreadful album.",1,4,"Mar 23, 2012"
1,"This 'concept album' is absolute garbage. The first CD is so sappy, boring and bland that it is painful to listen to the whole thing without a long break. The only somewhat tolerable song is 'If I Were A Boy', which the Beyonce marketing machine shamelessly stole from someone else. CD2 is slightly better, but again pretty standard fare. And if you ask me, it's a complete ripoff of Rihanna's 'Good Girl Gone Bad' CD, except executed less successfully. I mean the similiarities are too obvious to ignore. This album just proves to me that Beyonce is not only looking to profit off those blind enough to fall for this 'Deluxe Edition', but also proves that she is nothing but an empty, shallow shell of an artist with a good PR team and a lot of brainless devoted fans. She sure lost me as one though.",0,2,"Nov 25, 2008"
1,"I'm extremely disappointed. I feel like her company scammed hard working fans going through a difficult time. You mean to tell me that they could not put 11 Songs on 1 Disc. Give me a break the only two good songs on the album are Like a boy/ Put a ring on it. I was a die hard fan; but I'm starting to re think my loyalty. Has she really been loyal to us the fans??? She gets married and hides it but the world knows. She goes on 106 and park the day her album released not wearing her ring and the host seemed like they were walking on egg shells at fear they might ask her about her marriage/no marriage to Jayz .I understand her wanting her privacy but you can't have both. You can't be this super Icon wanting to be in the public eye and be recognized as a superstar. and then act as if your so shy and so private. B-day was alright but I am Sasha Fierce is garbage in content as well as scamming the fans by putting out a so called double CD. I'm done with her I'm rollin with Rihianna",0,1,"Nov 25, 2008"
5,"I Am thoroughly disappointed with this attemt at a classic album from Beyonce. To be the Queen she professes herself to B should have came with the A game and not this C sub par music. To say you recorded over 70 songs but give your fans 10 on standard and 16 on deluxe is awful. There was no need to make a dual disc when all the tracks could have easily fit onto one, even the deluxe edition. And a deluxe is needed b/c of what . . .? Release it right the first time. Or better yet, go back to the studio and pour your heart and soul into your music like you did w/DIL, it won't sound the same b/c you've grown since then but at least it will have some substance. I purchased the deluxe and even still there's an album that has bonus songs ontop of that.!! 3 albums, but you made this for your fans. If you're going to have other ppl right your music for u at least get good ones, like the lady that worked with Christina and Pink not your cousin Angie. I wasn't ready for her to come back (even though she never left) b/c she hasn't been out of the spotlight long enough. Even Usher knew better than to try and compete w/JT was slayin us with FSLS. Her clock is ticking and she wants to start a family with her new hubby and is trying to satisfy her . I'm so fed up with this alter ego nonsense. Its gotten out of control. Sasha didn't need her own album: SL, SD, Hello, Scared of Lonely and maybe Radio. That's it and the I AM side is so boring I haven't listened to it straight through. Completely disgusted with this attempt. Wait til you experience some more of life.",0,2,"Nov 30, 2008"
2,"I Am....Sasha Fierce is a major disappointment. The original edition has two noteworthy songs, If I Were A Boy and Single Ladies. How both of them managed to reach #1 on the Billboard 100 is beyond me though. I thought Single Ladies was the better of the two singles, but it is ripped off version of Get Me Bodied and it is horribly repetitious. If I Were A Boy is okay, but it lacks charm. All in all this album is a real disappointment.",0,2,"Dec 19, 2008"
1,"I couldnt bring myself to buy this CD. The funny thing about it is how she helped herself become number 1 on the Billboards last week. Did anyone see her all over the Talk Shows the past two weeks? Tyra Banks, Ellen, and I'm guessing that there is anywhere from 50-100 audience members. On both of these shows she bought CDs for the whole audience lol. What a joke. That's how she is number 1.",0,1,"Dec  5, 2008"
3,"I used to like Beyonce. Now I have very negative feelings about her motives with this record and do not feel I could support her again. The standard edition is garbage. The deluxe is okay. I am so glad that I was able to listen before I purchased it. But you noticed how they had the standard edition and deluxe edition mixed in together for listening on the myspace page, so you don't have a clear idea as to the fact that the standard one is lacking...everything. They were blended together as if they were all one record. The only really good songs are If I Were A Boy and Halo, which she didn't even write. She stole the first one. What a joke. This was a gimmick and strictly about fooling everyone into buying the deluxe. With the economy the way it is, they figured, everyone will buy the $8.99 standard edition to save money, and the diehard fans likely will. Once they realize it's garbage and get that 'where's the rest of it' feeling from the record (they arranged it that way), they will go out and get the deluxe, thereby ultimately spending at least $24 on her. Beyonce, you are rich enough. Why rip off your loyal fans, especially in these hard times? It's not even about making good music, its about making money by any means necessary. That is very wrong and I will never support you again. I downloaded the few songs I liked because you won't be ripping me off. I saw past the gimmick and so have many others, but unfortunately not enough. This is the beginning of your downfall as an artist. You have shown your true colors. You've gotten complacent, thinking you can release garbage and your stans will buy it anyway, and they will. But you have to live with lying and cheating to make your millions. Your loyal fans will support you because they love your past work. They can help make you rich with this (whatever it is that you are trying passing off as music). I won't help them.",0,1,"Nov 21, 2008"
1,"This cd sucks.. i told my mom that the last one sucked why buy the third one!! i was kinda hoping i was wrong because of the two disc thing.. but unfortunately i was 100% right.. sasha fierce side sounds like she is trying to be something she is not.. and the i am side is ok but still needs work.. its too mushy and it has the same rythmn and tone throughout the whole 8 songs.. i cannot listen to the songs all at once because i will just die! i give this cd a 1 for effort! better luck next time.. ! this is strike 2.. after that, Beyonce better hope she comes out with something that amazes us all! if not down the drain she goes!",0,1,"Dec 23, 2008"
10,"UnderRated just like all Her Albums. Very few Filler, actually just Lesser Thans, not Fillers. Yes it has flaws but most of the time people are just nick picking and judging all the wrong things. Not Fair. Great Album.",0,1,"Nov 29, 2010"
5,"Sasha Fierce is on the whole more exciting, artistic and brave than its boring partner disc. Could do with more time being spent on creating two bold discs instead of one that'll undeniably be thrown in the scrap heap.",0,2,"May 23, 2011"
4,"Halo Makes You Think This Is The Best Album Ever..
I Love Beyonce But Vocally And Music Wise She CAN DO BETTER!
Sadly This Is Not The Beyonce I Love...",0,1,"May 31, 2012"
10,"OH MY GOD. Look at Beyonc! The best album of the diva is I Am... Sasha Fierce. Includes Halo, If I Were A Boy, Diva, Sweet Dreams, Video Phone, Broken-Hearted Girl and Single Ladies! Is there a more perfect album then I AM SASHA FIERCE?",0,1,"Feb  4, 2015"
0,"I could never understand why the criticism took a good note to a generic stuff like this, dull and unintelligent in his lyrics, anyone with common sense will realize how weak these compositions and is full of beautiful MESSAGES nothing.",0,2,"Nov 11, 2015"
9,"This is the best album she ever made, ok i don't know that for sure, but i can say, I'm not her fan and this is the first album than i ever listened by her and it brilliant, I really not into her old stuff that she did, but I love the balads in this album, just beautiful. ( sorry, english isn't my native language ) Buy tje album on i tunes or in Japan if you can, because there is one amazing song - save the hero.",0,0,"Jan  9, 2009"
10,"I had this album as a birthday present. i was not a beyonce's fan but i have to say that this album is amazing!! i didn't know she could sing like that.",0,0,"Mar  1, 2009"
10,"Just love it! i like the concept. its good that she is showing more of who she is.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2009"
10,"Some people wonder why she is so successful, well just listen to this album and you'll understand, absolutely beautiful!",0,0,"Jun  4, 2009"
6,"It's hard to sum up the existing musical legacy of Beyonce. I mean half the time, I don't know what she's thinking. She's said that she wants to be an icon and a legend...so it's kind of unfortunate that her 'legendary status' can only be stamped on modern dead cert classics like Crazy In Love and Irreplaceable. You get occasional glimpses of Beyonce's genius at work, but then it gets lost in a sea of medicore and forgettable creations. It's the same case for this double album. Regular Beyonce is actually pretty solid. IIWAB, Halo, Satellites and Ave Maria all stand out like elegantly wrapped gifts waiting to be explored. The spanner in the works is this so called Sasha Fierce side. In all honesty, most of the tracks on this disc sound like leftovers from B'Day. Sasha Fierce isn't terrible (though Diva and Video Phone are!!), but desperately lacking in creativity. Overall it is an inconsistent collection. Potential for a very good record is weighed down by a hasty collection of club bangers!",0,0,"Nov 28, 2008"
10,"This Album is awesome. Her most successful yet. She has nearly released every song on this album!",0,0,"Oct  2, 2009"
8,"Another great album from Mrs. Bey. Halo is definitely one of my favorites!",0,0,"Jan 27, 2009"
10,"Love this song!! the whole album!!",0,0,"Apr  1, 2009"
10,"Savage album I never liked beyonces music until I heard it the best song in the album is sweet dreams.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2009"
10,"My favorite album! love all the songs, especially on the sasha fierce cd. im glad she came back with such a beautiful album!",0,0,"Apr 26, 2009"
10,"All people who hate on this album don't know what is real R&B music. First CD is full of strong ballads, songs which include happenings from real life and they are simply beautiful. Beyonce sounds great with low instrumental featurings and if you listen to songs on first side closely you will love them all. Second side, however, is sull of dance songs, club anthems but also has 2 songs which would suit better on first side, but they suit perfectly on the end of second disc. If you want some soul or ballads, play first disc, if you want to dance and enjoy, turn on second disc. I would go o far to tell that this album is best R&B album ever. And I was Beyonce hater until this album. Deep, Beautiful, Simply perfect. These words describe it best.",0,0,"May 16, 2009"
10,"Beyonce delivers yet again.",0,0,"Jun 19, 2009"
10,"Beyonce is so amazingly talented. Brilliant album.",0,0,"Sep  6, 2009"
10,"'I Am...' sees Knowles discover a much needed return to the Blues of her typical R&B. The welcome change features stand-outs such as 'Halo', 'Smash Into You' and the lead single 'If I Were A Boy'. 'Broken Hearted Girl' is the pick of the bunch. 'Sasha Fierce' introduces Knowle's hyperactive alter ego, producing danceable tracks with exciting changes to the previous roster of 'B'Day'. 'Radio', 'Single Ladies' and 'Diva' stand out from this album. Whereas tracks like 'Hello' and 'Scared of Lonely' don't feel at home on the album. 'Video Phone' is a let down on the overall stable and amazing album.",0,0,"Dec 26, 2008"
10,"The Sasha side is automatically catchy and has great dance songs on it. People will have to listen to the I Am side to appreciate the great songs that are on that side because it's a little different sound for Beyonce. If I Were a Boy is already a hit. But the other songs that will be guaranteed hits for Beyonce are Halo, Smash Into You and Broken Hearted Girl. I also really like Disappear and That's Why You're Beautiful. Overall, the CD is great and one of the best the year. Only Beyonce is talented, creative and risk taking enough to do a CD like this. I totally believe that she'll be up for Album of the Year at the Grammy's this year. And deservedly so.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2008"
6,"The CD is a good attempt. I really like 'Halo,' 'Radio,' 'Scared of Lonely'....some songs you can tell where very her for right now. Some, I wasn't sure were really talking about herself. You can tell the songs that really are about her and or just songs she sings...the songs that are reall are real good, her ballands on songs like 'Hello' show that she can really sing in her way. I thinks she really is growing as an artist, sometimes it seems as see wants to give fans to me instead of just be herself which...Sasha Fierce reflects...those are the songs that make you go 'Oh, oh, oh, excuse me...go girl.'",0,0,"Dec  9, 2008"
8,"I love the album. I was pleasantly surprised by Beyonces 'new' more sultry and Dido-like voice. Her rang, the long notes, the entire I AM side really impressed me. I can see how anyone looking for typical Beyonce styling would be disappointed though. Beyonce is singing like the grown and married woman she is. Its 'The Best of Both Worlds.'",0,0,"Dec  9, 2008"
10,"I just love this album, this is my favorite album of hers. she's great! i love the i ...am cd cos you can see a different side of her.",0,0,"Feb 22, 2009"
10,"Beautiful songs, beautiful voice, beautiful album!!!",0,0,"Mar  6, 2009"
10,"This is her best album.Kudos for going 3x platinum worldwide!The only problem is that she should have used more dance tracks and get rid of Sweet dream,Hello,Scared of lonely.But they are good tracks anyways.",0,0,"Apr 12, 2009"
10,"Really good album, i like the concept. i saw her show recently and it makes me love her even more.",0,0,"Jun  1, 2009"
10,"I think the album is awesome. It has great ballads where beyonc shows her beautiful vocals. Then, there is sasha fierce full of fierceness.",0,0,"Aug 15, 2009"
5,"I am a hardcore Beyonce' fan and I am dissappinted at her new CD to say the least. It has been too long since B-Day came out and I was looking for her to bring it...again. She has never let me down and I didnt think she ever had the capabilities of doing so but Ms. Sasha Fierce this was a mess. There was a lot of hype for no reason. The music is good but the majority of the lyrics and the way the CD came together as the final product was very sub par. I should have purchased it from my neighbor as a burned copy!",0,0,"Nov 18, 2008"
5,"I am shocked at how bad this album is. It took her two weeks to record B'Day and she worked on Sasha Fierce for almost a year. With that said, B'Day is much much better than Sasha Fierce. The only decent songs (and when I say decent I am trying to be nice) are 'Single Ladies' and 'Radio.'",0,0,"Nov 19, 2008"
5,"This cd is sub par. The slow jams were nice but nothing really memorable as so with the fierce side. Dont doubt that she will still go platinum because of her name. I can see this been re- released to get those sales up.",0,0,"Nov 21, 2008"
5,"The ballads went to European for me. Changing the disc is a waste of time for me. I am still a fan but I honestly only like 4 songs on the album. 1 from Disc one and 3 from Disc 2. Stick with you..Disc 2...",0,0,"Nov 20, 2008"
4,"The first disc is completely forgettable, but it's got some emotion, and a few high points. It's not bad background music. Lyrically, it's mostly duds. On this disc, the deluxe edition only offers more of the same. My understanding was that with such a slow first disc, the second disc would be a non-stop party, but the pace slows after the first song and when it does get back up, the quality sucks. The deluxe version adds a couple worthwhile songs and ends on a high point. This album should've been mixed together, and a lot of tracks should've been discarded. Out of the whole deluxe set (*excluding itunes bonus tracks) there's less than a half hour of good music anyway.",0,0,"Nov 26, 2008"
10,"I personally love this album.at first i wasnt convinced but after listening to it 3-4 times i fell in love with this album. i think what can put people off is the fact that u have to change the cd. it would have been better if all the songs were on one cd. i like the fact that she reveals herself a bit more!!",0,0,"Nov 29, 2008"
10,"I would give this album a perfect 10. Let me explain...simply put Beyonce was very brave to show a completely different side of herself and make some truly memorable ballots. She had obviously nothing to be sad about, however she proved not only is she a vocalist but has the ability to make real music. I love that she wasn't afraid to show her human side, because really at the end of the night she is still just Beyonce-a real person with feelings. I am very proud! Keep up the good work and don't be afraid to try something new.",0,0,"Dec 12, 2008"
10,"I love Beyonce and the album is just full of hits. Better than B'day definitely her best album so far!",0,0,"Dec 14, 2008"
10,"I am Sasha Fierce is a great duo cd that shows the artist's vocal range, artistic apepal, and creativity. She did a great job in differentiating Beyonce from Sasha.",0,0,"Dec 25, 2008"
1,"It was horrible Sasha fierce cd and iam her 1st cd was the best of all of her cds she has made dangerously the 2nd deja u cd she came out and she was letting yall know im bout to come out my shell and cross over big time yall just be ready so she came out with this Sasha one and show who she was but the cd was horible im not a hater it was ok.",0,0,"Jan 12, 2009"
7,"Beyonce should be complimented for never stopping trying her best, and her efforts always work at some level. I am not really into the songs on the side 'I Am...' but some pop ballad tracks on the on the other side '... Sasha Fierce' are not bad at all, especially 'If I Were A Boy', which is probably her most meaningful and feminine song ever. However, it will be very difficult (if not infeasible) for her to define herself as an excellent artist of ballad songs like this, since vocally she can hardly come close to the level of true ballad queens such as Whitney or Mariah of the old days. BTW, 10 nominations for such album are just too many, and especially I don't think it deserves to be nominated for Album of the year category. Another album overrated by Grammy.",0,0,"Dec 23, 2009"
10,"Excellent album!! i like the fact that she tried something new on the i am cd.i love disappear, halo, smash into you, thats why you're beautiful and save the hero on that cd. on the sasha fierce part, well all the songs are a potential hit!!",0,0,"Feb 17, 2009"
10,"What can i say, i just love this album! everything is great!! love the up tempos songs!!",0,0,"Mar 19, 2009"
10,"Yes it was really good because i love this album. Thank you so much!!! x",0,0,"Apr 21, 2009"
6,"Yes, my advice to you as well it to skip straight to the second disc.",0,0,"May 24, 2009"
10,"Amazing album; for me her best album so far!! grea job!",0,0,"Jun 17, 2009"
4,"Let's see, 1) Beyonce: one of the biggest artists in the pop world, check 2) All the best people and facilities at her fingertips-check, 3) One of the best voices in the industry-check, so what happened? EGO happened baby! Lot's of it. Here's the thing, who gives a shit about Beyonce's alter ego? Answer - Nobody. Who wants crazy beats with wild vocals doing things nobody else can? Answer - Everybody. Depth and introspection do not suit Beyonce Knowles, she is not a 'Lennon' type artist. It's actually quite sad to see someone who is supposed to be at the top of their field crawling around the AM radio bathroom floor looking for Shania Twain fans.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2008"
10,"The best album of 2008. Beyonce keeps expanding the sound of R&B and pop music. She continues to show why she is the most talented and creative artist of her generation.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2008"
7,"It just seems like Beyonce is trying too hard these days to be ahead of the pack. I miss her music when it seemed effortless ('Me, Myself and I,' 'Get Me Bodied'), and she was fierce without having to remind us she is in the album's title. Honey, we know. That being said, the album has some great standout tracks: 'Halo,' originally written for Leona Lewis (who really deserved to sing it) by Ryan Tedder, is great. 'Smash Into You' is one of the better ballads, while 'Radio' is a great dance track that Rihanna would probably kill to record (although it wouldn't have half the personality of Beyonce's version). Although it has a number of certain hits, I wonder if unlike B'day, these songs are not songs you warm up to but rather songs you get sick of quickly?",0,0,"Nov 19, 2008"
9,"The best female CD of 2008! I hate the name, but the tracks are really great! Awesome job!",0,0,"Nov 19, 2008"
10,"It's easy to see that Beyonce has got a lot of hits on the Sasha Fierce side. Anyone of those songs could be a single. On the I Am side, we haven't heard Beyonce in this context before, so it takes some getting used to. But when you really start to listen to that side, you see how excellent it truly is. My favorites on that side are If I Were a Boy, Halo, Broken Hearted Girl, Smash Into You and That's Why You're Beautiful. Those songs are all so beautiful and would be massive hits. If people don't understand the greatness of those songs now, they soon will. I applaud Beyonce for her creativity and risk-taking. That's what makes her one of our greatest artists.",0,0,"Nov 21, 2008"
9,"I feel that it is definitely her best album thus far! U have 2 cds to fit the mood ur in! I think that ppl who say the I am.. CD is boring, has to in no doubt be very young- Unfortunately that includes the majority of her fan base. But the ppl in the 25 and up age range should definitely appreciate the maturity and growth of this album!",0,0,"Nov 22, 2008"
4,"I felt Beyonce's latest release lacked a lot of integrity and personality compared to her first several solo albums. 'If I Were a Boy', 'Radio', 'Single Ladies' are all decent tracks, but the rest of the album seems to come across with generic ballads, seemingly in disconcert with her moniker of 'Sasha Fierce', and varying in overall song quality throughout the two-disc set. Pity because she sports a great vocal, but doesn't quite carry the conviction to make these songs work as well within her given scope.",0,0,"Nov 25, 2008"
10,"I applaud Beyonce for taking a risk with this album. She has stretched herself far beyond what many people may have expected from her. Most impressively, she has done so without sacrificing her integrity and has managed to stay true to herself as well as her own unique vocal style. With this album she has demonstrated her versatility as a true artist and her veritable talent and she is only 27! Times are changing, music has evolved and will continue to do so. Those who crucify her for stepping outside of her so-called 'urban' genre that many are comfortable with are refusing to acknowledge the fact that she is a true artist who must continue to develop and push the envelope. She is one of the greatest and most talented artists of our time. In fact, those female musicians/performers who have soared throughout time, such as Aretha Franklin, Patti LaBelle, Gladys Knight, Diana Ross, Mariah Carey, Whitney Houston, Madonna, Janet, Mary J. Blige and evenually Alicia Keys, are those who have continued to challenge themselves by taking risks, displaying creativity and their own unique flair! Perfect they are not, but who said that 'art' was synonymous with 'perfection'? In my book, a true musician is first and foremost an artist. Go head B!!! Dust them hatas off, girl. Can't wait 'til the next one.",0,0,"Nov 25, 2008"
10,"The best album of 2008. I love If I Were a Boy, Halo, Broken Hearted Girl, Smash Into You, That's Why You're Beautiful, Single Ladies, Radio, Hello, Ego, Sweet Dreams and Scared of Lonely. She just has so many great songs on the album.",0,0,"Nov 26, 2008"
4,"I just finished listening to Beyonce's new album, 'I Am...', and all have to say is 'what in the world Beyonce!!!'I felt that her first two albums were much better than this one. I was very disappointed... Now I did enjoy three of the songs on the CD, but the rest was a different story. The songs were sad and depressing, not what I expected. I felt that the CD was a waste of money. I don't suggest that you buy this CD, because if your expecting Beyonce's CD to be similar to her three singles out right now, it's not.",0,0,"Nov 28, 2008"
10,"The two diffrent sides on this ablum are very diffrent than one another, and really does show how the real Beyonce, and her alter-ego 'Sasha Fierce', think and feel. But there is just too many pointless songs to overcome.",0,0,"Oct 26, 2010"
6,"After B'Day, I expected an improvement, but obviously, I Am ... Sasha Fierce just doesn't do it for me. Although it has some really good moments (If I Were A Boy, Halo, BHG, Hello, Ego, Radio, Sweet Dreams, Single Ladies), it really has some epically fails (Video Phone, Diva, Why Don't You Love Me). As a whole, an average album and the worst I've listened to from her ... so far.",0,0,"Jun 29, 2011"
10,"Love this album. Definitely deserves the 16 Grammy ! Halo her best song and her vocal absolutely amazing. Single Ladies Its the best dance songs of her.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2011"
10,"One of the best pop albums of the last few years. This is a different album than the typical Beyonce. She took a risk with this and it paid off. Favorite song is 'Halo' EPIC.",0,0,"Aug 19, 2011"
10,"O melhor lbum de uma tima carreira. Beyonc refinou tanto seu som desta vez que teve que dividir o lbum em duas partes. A 1, calma e romntica, mostra que a cantora sabe fazer baladas como ningum. A 2, danante,  uma evoluo de todos os hits r&b que ela criou. Vai ser difcil ela superar este lbum.Melhores faixas: Disappear / Single Ladies / Sweet Dreams",0,0,"Aug 26, 2011"
10,"I'm also surprised this album received negative and mixed reviews. This is Beyonce's best album to date. On the Beyonce side she wasn't really Beyonce. i say that because her Beyonce songs were nnot similar to those on 'Dangerously in Love'. They were very soft but I liked them. 'Halo' 'Disappear' 'Broken hearted girl' is my favorite songs from the side she utilizes her voice and gets high and low at the perfect time on them. Beyonce really feels the songs to me. The other songs on the Beyonce side were a little boring but showed how Beyonce can use so many voices. The songs were not bad though. Ave Maria was a remake and is one of Beyonce's better voices. Smash into you was good but many people wont relate and 'thats why your beautiful' is my least favorite. On the 'I am Sasha Fierce' side Beyonce took off and separated her self from the game. I loved all of the songs on that side but video phone I could've done without. My favorite is 'scared of lonely' which could really been on either side. Diva was the **** Beyonce. Overall the album was great. It is worth buying and evaluating and you will at least like half of the songs. I dont think beyonce had to made it a double disc because it was not enough Beyonce or Sasha Fierce. It could have been one disc and the album still wouldve been great.",0,0,"Aug 22, 2011"
10,"This album is a favorite ! Beyonce has amazing vocals, beats, videos, and choreograpy that sets her work apart from anyone else! Beyonce is the modern Janet Jackson and she is dominating for good reason. If you do not like/love this album then you dont know how to identify good music. She goes from sexy to rage to fun in a heartbeat, its so diverse! Buy this album seriously if you havent already! No artist is touching this woman!",0,0,"Jul 15, 2012"
7,"the connection between the songs are way better on the I Am ... side; but the best songs are on Sasha Fierce; Nevertheless I Am happy she's singing less Urban music here; she needed that Record to etablish herself as iconic. It sounds like a WOMAN record (no longer the GIRL she was on previous albums).
My favorite : Disappear /  Hello  is great performed live.",0,0,"Nov 29, 2012"
5,"When I first got the album, I really liked because it was Beyonce's. Now, I realise that reality crashed all the 'love' for her. The first half is pretty good, especially because of 'If I Were A Boy' and 'Halo', songs which we never thought Beyonce will make. The other half, is boring: boring lyrics, plain music ( I am comparing the facts with her latest album, '4' which is, her best album in her entire career: she developed, not just lyrically, but also, musically). Too bad there are many stans, human beings who never know how to be realist ! Beyonce is a good entertainer, I met her in person at a concert, but all things have a limit.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2012"
8,"Another solid album from Beyonc and when combining all the editions that were released there were around 20 songs to listen to so you were bound to like some of them! There are a few duds that probably could have been left out but they are made up for by stand-outs like Sweet Dreams & Halo.",0,0,"Jan  6, 2013"
9,"Very good album, all the songs i like. Halo is amazing and her vocals are very strong. Diva is a brilliant tune which i also dance to, singles ladies and sweet dreams are also really good songs.",0,0,"Apr 21, 2013"
9,"This album is very much different from the sounds of her 'Dangerously in Love' and 'B'Day'. And I happen to like this kind of Beyonce more. 'Halo' is a masterpiece, so are 'If I Were a Boy', 'Single Ladies', and 'Broken-Hearted Girl'. The alter-ego concept works out amazingly fine in this album. I think she's just a genius artist for coming up with the album concept.",0,0,"Nov 17, 2013"
7,"O nico bom album da Beyonc.
Quem sabe daqui a a 3,4,5 albuns ela consiga lanar um to bom quanto esse.
E a crtica diz que ele no  o melhor eim...fazer o que.",0,0,"Jun 20, 2014"
10,"a lot of people that do not have well improved musical taste , and is giving low marks for good quality albums. I tell everyone to improve , because Beyonc worked well in this album and you come and give these ridiculous notes , while recognizing that the work was excellent ... please ing which sold 8 million copies around the world according to the UWC",0,0,"Mar 14, 2015"
10,"ore. You can tell all of her songs came from the heart. The only thing that I have to say is that I don't think 'Run The World (Girls)' fits into the album AT ALL. Other than that, the album is flawle",0,0,"May  4, 2015"
10,"Foxes  maravilhosa. Eu amo tudo o que ela faz, tudo bem feito, impecvel. Coisa de artista de verdade,  uma pena ver que no tem o reconhecimento merecido.",0,0,"Jun 15, 2015"
7,"Although after several listens it may become not so good as the first one, its a good popalbum for the sdtandards for its time. Here, aldso, we have the opportunity to see Beyonc into Europop genre and it worked good like Radio, Diva, Sweet Dreams (except Video Phone). The I am side itself is really flawless, showing a mellow pop rock side of hers. Outstandind track is the acoustic guitar based Satellites, showing the most acoustic Beyonc we have ever seen. The concept on the Double disc is interesting although its not the big deal on the album, since it become the weakest on her bodywork. May be the weakest of hers but it still good.",0,0,"May 29, 2016"
10,"Uno de mis albumes favoritos, variedad de ritmos, hermosas letras, No es el mejor de Beyonc, pero es excelente. Le Doy 10 Y Se Lo merece, Un gran album",0,0,"May 30, 2016"
8,"Great album ! The idea of separate the album in two parts with one containing ballades and acoustics songs whereas the second containing more dynamics songs is a real good thing ! It's a complete album with a good direction !",0,0,"Jul 31, 2016"
10,"UnderRated just like all Her Albums. No Fillers, Lesser thans but no fillers. Its packed with some really great songs all throughout. Great Album. 5 stars. Collapse",0,0,"Aug 30, 2016"
10,"Amazing! The best Beyonc album ever! Is everything and has everything i always wanted Beyonc to do. She presents a perfect masterpiece and not everyone these days can do it like she can. Collapse",0,0,"Aug 30, 2016"
10,"absolutly amazing altough jazz is dying this man shows that it is still a great genreand derves to be recognized,this album is a claasic and always helps me to calm down,seal is a legend in my book.",0,0,"Nov  4, 2011"
7,"Great vocal performances, good productions, but some lyrics do not sound so interesting if sang by a 30 year-old man: John's better when he sings about love.",0,0,"Oct 31, 2008"
10,"Great album!",0,0,"Oct 31, 2008"
10,"Great vocals, that's why I give JL a 10. Can you sing like this? He is up there with Phillip Baily and Maynard J. K.",0,0,"Apr 25, 2009"
10,"This album is  I wish a reality shock on Jennifer, because her career is only scream, shout and Whitney Houston millions covers. Whatever, Fantasia sells more albums than her.",1,2,"May  3, 2013"
10,"Excellent album!  My favorite is 'If THis Isn't Love' and 'Spotlight'.   The album is a mix of pop, r&b and slow jams and everything in between...I would highly reccomend it",0,0,"Sep 21, 2010"
9,"an interesting debut, some great songs, some ok, some well just not great. over all it has great elements and boring ones. it though has an ability to be great in so many ways. Great debut!",0,0,"Jan 21, 2012"
5,"Tudo em 'Jennifer Hudson' oscila entre o agradvel e o montono, sendo este ultimo o predominante. As canes apresentadas no disco so, no geral, entediantes, desestimulantes e parecem seguir a mesma linha do R&B/Soul melodramtico e inconsistente. O lbum ainda contm a presena da faixa ' I'm his only woman', uma verso menos quente de 'The boy is mine', que conta com a participao da cantora americana vencedora da terceira temporada de American Idol, Fantasia. Infelizmente para Hudson, portadora de uma voz maravilhosamente expressiva, seu primeiro CD no faz jus a sua grande atuao em 'Dreamgirls', sucesso cinematogrfico de 2006. C",0,0,"Jul 13, 2016"
10,"Another masterpiece from Ne-Yo, this album is simply amazing, one of the greaest R&B records ever made. The best songs are 'Closer', a dance/R&B track that it's lyrically a masterpiece, it's incredible how Ne-Yo in this song talks about sex, being totally a really gentleman, 'Nobody', a song that have an incredible Michael Jackson vibe, reminds me of 'Blood is on the Dance floor' by MJ, 'Single', a pop/R&B track really sweet and beautiful, 'Mad', a melodic R&B ballad, 'Miss Independent', a good fresh track, 'She Got Her Own', a song where Jamie Foxx give a beautiful demonstration of his talent. This album hasn't bad songs, it's an incredible album, congratulations Ne-Yo",1,1,"Jan  7, 2016"
5,"(83+80+80+80)/4=84? Oh yeah, and Ne Yo annoys the hell out of me.",1,2,"Sep 17, 2008"
10,"Ne-Yo........ hits on top of hits....everytime! Love it!",0,1,"Oct  4, 2008"
10,"I personally bought this CD and thought it was the best use of my money! I haven't bought a CD in over five years and wasn't disappointed at all when I heard Ne-Yo's wonderfully flowing lyrics. I've listened to the CD everyday since I bought it.",0,0,"Oct  1, 2008"
10,"An incredible piece of art!",0,0,"Sep 17, 2008"
9,"The cd is hot.",0,0,"Oct  7, 2008"
10,"Closest thing possible to an MJ album. Beautiful melodies throughout and a lot of tracks use in house live instruments which you just don't see anymore with rnb singers. Great lyrics as well especially on songs 'like lie to me' and 'stop this world'. Hope ne-yo continues to make music like this",0,0,"Sep 17, 2008"
9,"This album is the 3rd album for Ne-yo. Each album he makes seems to get better and better. From In My Own Words, Because of You to Year of The Gentleman, Ne-yo keeps getting better with the lyrics and production. His style is a style that we all envy, and what was thought to be non-existant, only shown in artists from the past, such as Micheal Jackson. His lyrics don't talk about sex, drugs, or hoes, or the cliched love, but atlthough love, he talks about messages that we all can relate to. Superb album. Chew Picks: All, the albums a calm ride.",0,0,"Sep 17, 2008"
6,"It's a great album!",0,0,"Sep 22, 2008"
10,"This is the best album I've heard in a long time. Love the old vibe to it. In a world when so many songs and artist sound alike, here come Raphael with this awesome take on old motown. LOVE IT!!!",0,0,"Apr  9, 2009"
10,"Super sounds in every way music, lyrics, the whole ball of wax. This is real music! Outstanding! I",0,0,"Jun 18, 2009"
10,"I am one of the parents who, if it was slipped into my record collection wouldn't notice the difference! How talented is this singer and composer to create the sounds of Smoky Robinson; Marvin Gaye; The Stylistics; Supremes etc etc and all by original compositions. Thank you to my son who gave this to me for my 64th birthday. This 'old geezer' loves it - as I did when I listened to Mo- Town in my teens.",0,0,"Jul 16, 2009"
9,"Love this record. It's up there with TTT's 'House of Music'. Great songs, great hooks...an album you keep wanting to come back to. Favorite tracks: Sometimes, Never Give You Up, Oh Girl, Sure Hope You Mean It and Staying In Love.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2008"
7,"Great fun, I think maybe she is better than her big sis. Has a nice feel to it, very 70ish but with a vibe of today.",0,0,"Aug 28, 2008"
10,"I heard 'ChampagneChroniKnightCap' and 'White Picket Dreams' about a year and a half ago, and I have been anticipating this album since then. The wait has been well worth it. Solange's creativity is unbelievable, and I am totally blown away by this album. It is better than anything Beyonce has ever released as a solo artist. Yes, I said it. It's fresh, the lyrics are great, and the vocals are amazing. Definitely check out 'Ode to Marvin,' 'Cosmic Journey,' 'Would've Been the One,' 'Sandcastle Disco,' and 'This Bird.'",0,0,"Aug 29, 2008"
6,"Decent album but it's a bit too derivative of pretty much the span of Diana Ross' career. From the upbeat big drum Motown to the more seductive 70's era, she'd pretty much covered that part of DIana Ross' career. It also reflects in the 'I Decided' video. I guess Beyonce's sister doesn't want to be known as Beoynce's sistem because she wants to be known as a Diana Ross wannabe.",0,0,"Aug 31, 2008"
10,"Refreshing and different! I love the swagger in the lyrics! It is different.",0,0,"Aug 28, 2008"
6,"It had a lot having to do with sex, but some songs were really good, ya know? Got a 6, because his previous album was really good and this album is almost that of his previous one.",0,0,"Aug 11, 2008"
10,"'Lesson in love' romance, purity,love. For the ladies.",0,0,"Sep  4, 2008"
9,"Good album. Not StreetLove but is consistent with that album as for the content & singing ability. He needs to keep doing what he is doing because he sounds nothing like the trendy young artists of today.",0,0,"Jun 18, 2009"
9,"His best since his comeback, that voice is still very much up to his 70s standards and who better than ?uestlove and James Poyser to update the Hi-records sound.",0,0,"Jul  7, 2008"
10,"Al Green definitely layed it down on this cd. I without a doubt love it! Who says it's impossible to make a comeback after years away from the business. He has once again proven himself with this one.",0,0,"Jun  2, 2008"
9,"Absolutely superb - wonderful from start to finish, I have already listened to it 15 times. Such a lovely surprise.",0,0,"May 28, 2008"
8,"If you love Sharon Jones '100 Days 100 Nights' you'll like this. Aside from 'No One Like You' and 'I'm Wild About You' nothing jumps out. But it is wonderful background sound and it's amazing how good he sounds.",0,0,"May 30, 2008"
10,"This is an amazing album that blows away all the current soul pretenders. Almost as good as his 70s masterpieces.",0,0,"Jun 27, 2008"
10,"Fantastic! He is amazing!",0,0,"Jun  9, 2008"
9,"This is a great album. This is a true R&B / Soul album. I someone would have told me that this was all unreleased tracks from the 70's I would have to believe them because this is a throwback to that era of R&B. Just great music all around. This is definitely one of my top 5 of '08.",0,0,"Aug 31, 2008"
8,"This stuff is pure soul. African American culture should be listening to THIS and not 50 Cent.",0,0,"May 31, 2008"
9,"People who are saying that Multiply is better than this album are SORELY mistaken. This is ten times better... it cuts away all the bells and whistles and showcases HIM full force up front. This album is pure bliss from start to finish and unlike the earlier reviewer, I hope he sings A TON of these tunes at his show here on June 4th. I enjoyed parts of MULTIPLY but the production quality was so-so despite the fun electro bits. With Jim, you get any fat is trimmed and you get raw, passionate soul music. His voice has never sounded better.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
3,"A BITTER disappointment, after the genius that was multiply. Asides from a couple of tracks all the energy and innovation is gone, it feels lackluster from the get go, multiply made the hair on the back of my neck stand up and a big grin spread across my face, Jim turns my smile to a frown and makes me want to sit down, not get up and dance around. Very bland production, and seemingly directionless. Just hope he doesnt play many of these tracks when I see him next week.",0,0,"Apr 25, 2008"
7,"I enjoy the album but Tosh F is right about it not being as good as Multiply. But that is usually the case with an artists breakout record. I usually have some kind of subconcious bias towards artists first breakout records, and this is the case with Jamie Lidell for me. But all in all, a fun record that came out at the right time as far as it being a summer album and also because of the popularity that Amy Winehouse, unfortunate to say, has brought to this genre of music. Jamie is also way better than her so hopefully this will make him a successful man. Like he isn't already.",0,0,"May  1, 2008"
2,"A major disapointment! Her last album was much more focused. This is just garbage at points.",0,1,"Apr  2, 2008"
3,"Creative in a bad way.",0,2,"Mar 22, 2008"
10,"This is the first honest album I've heard in a long while, and one can agree to disagree if they choose, but you must contend that her delivery is unique and soulful. The most sincere, thought-provoking album I've seen in a long while.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2008"
7,"The album shows how bold and creative she is.She is testing new ground. I love her work.",0,0,"Jan  5, 2009"
7,"Has no one else noticed that the Hot press rating is actually a 2.5 out of 5 which would actually make the metascore a 50 not a 25? Anyway, seems unfair. I am not in love with this album like some publications and I actually prefer her past releases, but this is definitely a step in a new direction for her which is admirable. Slightly overrated but has some great moments that pushes it above other similar output.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2008"
10,"this cd speaks of pure creativity. life is good . dont let 'reality' bring u down. u have urself always!!! love! its all up to u. its hard i know but keep real on urself. always be here n now not in mental world. listening to this cd helped me come to this realization. dont know if this makes any sense. peace y'all!!!",0,0,"Mar  1, 2008"
9,"Pretty hot record. General criticism: overexpansive and in need of sharper editing both in terms of lyrical scope and song length. General praise: brimming with creativity; an artist unafraid to flex her brain and sense of humor. Reserve judgment til you've spun the disc from start to finish all the way through. Undeniably hot: 'The Hump,' 'The Healer,' 'Soldier,' and 'Twinkle.'",0,0,"Mar  1, 2008"
9,"This is a fantastic album. beguiling, groovy, political, ironic, beautiful, messed up, rockin album..",0,0,"Apr  1, 2008"
10,"At first listen, the album might sound overproduced, distasteful and totally out of Erykah's range. An honest advice, try listening to album several times and surely you will realize this is a masterpiece and that Erykah has done it again. Every track is worth exploring and suits this album. Furthermore, the album got the universal acclaim with reason.",0,0,"Jun 12, 2009"
9,"I have been waiting for an Erykah Badu album for years. I cannot get enough of her music. I know there was the letdown with Worldwide Underground, but she definitely makes up for it with New Amerykah Part One (4th World War). I don't want to go on and try to give a review here because I know how annoying that can be at times, but I will let you know my favorite tracks. 'Soldier,' 'Healer,' 'My People,' 'The Cell,' 'Master Teacher,' 'Honey,' Telephone,' and the ending of 'That Hump' is one of the best parts of the album. It is seriously that good!",0,0,"Feb 28, 2008"
9,"Both Baduizm and Mama's Gun really knew how to 'bring me home.' Mama's Gun is one of my ten favorite CDs of all time, and I never thought she would come close to topping it. New Amerykah comes surprisingly close. She shows us even more quirks in her already misunderstood personality, and she fortunately never tries to hide behind a facade of stale R&B. Grooves extend longer on some tracks, as they did on Worldwide Underground, but the inventive beats kept me wanting more. Highlights include The Healer, Me, My People, Soldier and (of course) Honey. Erykah's raw emotion is unmatched in contemporary Soul/R&B (and perhaps even across all genres). This will without a doubt appear on critics lists at the closing of 2008. Buy it ASAP.",0,0,"Feb 29, 2008"
10,"A really good album . It's a classic",0,0,"Feb 29, 2008"
6,"I love me some Erykah Badu and I love me some REAL hip-hop, but I don't know if I love them in the same breath. 'New Amerykah' is the marriage of both and too often one bogs down the other. Badu embraces the production, which at least detours from the standard radio garbage, but it also makes her sticks to concepts. Badu's voice rarely brims with the soul of her past successes, replaced with chants that lack charm or the sense of humor that made me fall for her past albums. Even with the political angle, Badu seems to be saying less this time since it all does not come from an emotional place. So thank goodness for 'Honey', not because of the content, which is lighter than the rest of the album; but because producer 9th Wonder seems to be as in love with Badu's wobbly, nasal voice as I am. He shapes his production to complement her, where the other producers are just doing there own thing. The critics could be right though. 'New Amerykah' might grow on me. On a second listen, I am able to separate the two, and enjoy them on there own merits. But I never had to make an excuse for a Badu album before.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2008"
9,"Early contender for album of the year, although she may yet surpass herself with her next installment/s. My favourite Badu album so far too. Very hard to get a multitude of producers on an album without it sounding patchy, but it's varied and consistent at the same time, a rare feat. From the meditative groove of 'My People' to the pumped up old-skool workout of 'The Cell', it's all immaculately executed, yet incredibly complex. I think critics that complain about lack of real 'songs' miss the point; Badu prefers to vamp and let stream-of-consciousness lyrics flow over a beat and bassline, it's her way and it makes for an album that serves as a more worthy descendent of classic 70s funk by Funkadelic, Mayfield and Ohio Players than, say, Jamiroquai. Btw, bonus points for giving Georgia Anne Muldrow a guest spot on Master Teacher. She's ace!",0,0,"Mar 15, 2008"
6,"Album contains 2 of my all time favorite songs by E.B. Bu 3 that I puposefully erased when saving to my i-Pod. Could have done without the militant black sufferage whining that goes on and on and on in a couple of tracks. Was hoping for a return to Mama's Gun , instead she put out a decent album with a bunch of out-takes from Superfly soundtrack. Good album when you sort through the clutter and politics. Not great by any stretch.",0,0,"Mar 22, 2008"
10,"One of the most ambitious and conceptual albums in recent times, New Amerykah continues Erykah Badu's unique fusion of classic R&B, hip hop and jazz. While the album's gritty funk and hazy texture may be reminiscent of Sly & the Family Stone's ''There's a Riot Goin' On'' (1971), its socio-political themes and lyrics suggest comparison to Gil Scott-Heron's ''Winter in America'' (1974). The hidden track near the end, 'Honey', may be seperable from the rest of the album's concept, but it is as good a song as any other on the album. While it might not earn significant sales or produce hit singles, ''New Amerykah'' serves as Badu's musical peak and a testament to modern soul music.",0,0,"May 24, 2009"
9,"Excellent, really! One of the best albums of 2008. The beats are amazing and she keeps being cool and keeps sounding fresh. I'm desperate to hear the follow up, 'New Amerykah Part Two (Return of the Ankh)'. She's one of the greatest Hip Hop female artists, with M.I.A. It's as simple as that.",0,0,"Jul  9, 2009"
6,"Erykah Badu is undoubtedly one of the most ambitious R&B singers ever. New Amerykah is her delicious two-part concept album about modern American society. Both perceptive and insular, 4th World War means deep lyrics wrapped in fresh (even after three years after its release) beats. Amerykahn Promise kicks off like a lost blaxploitation film trailer and offers simply more everything. Me sounds like a Flying Lotus-produced track. The best thing here is probably The Healer in which Badu shows those glittering babies how you do it.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2011"
9,"Raheem's album is a breath of fresh air. It is a tribute to the timeless artists that have come before him while simultaneously offering something completely original and soothing. It is as if he provides the fix that us music junkies have been longing for. Hand's down... Raheem is the sh*t!",0,0,"Apr  9, 2008"
3,"Raheem DeVaughn's Love Behind The Melody certainly begins wonderful, then goes downhill after the second song and just is dull and awfully beated music to listen to. I have a good taste in music, and this one has no taste. All it does good is that the message Raheem delivers in each song is outragous and enormously brilliant. It sounded like he put a lot of thought into each dull boring song he wrote. It was well worded, but needed more paint to fill in the blank spots. And trust me, this album could've used a hell of a lot more paint to fill in a lot of those obvious blank spots.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2008"
7,"I recommend it. It's not the best album around but it sure has a fine melody with some good messages.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2008"
10,"A great CD, with a range of songs from upbeat to slow, neo-soul to pop, and smooth to raspy.",1,1,"Nov 17, 2007"
7,"Shae could have done better, but what I want to know is why is Tre Songz not on this site he has one of the best albums of the year.",1,1,"Dec  4, 2007"
9,"Very good album, I like very much songs like 'No one', 'Like you'll never see me again', 'Tell you something', 'The thing about love'...and a great voice, probably the best;)...keep doing your thing, Alicia...Succes!",1,1,"Feb  4, 2008"
8,"NO ONE is a powerful song keys deliverance is better that ever mature and secure.... some misteps ' superwoman' flaws a perfect album... lesson learned with john mayer is amazing... KEY TRACKS: wreckless love, the thing about you, i need you.",1,1,"Feb 20, 2008"
3,"kerry brothers rapping is another letdown to this unoriginal irrelevant album.",0,1,"Nov 17, 2007"
10,"I have never been a big fan of Alicia Keys albums, just her singles. But As I Am is pure perfection. With amazing songs like 'No One,' 'Like You'll Never See Me Again,' 'Sure Looks Good to Me,' and 'Superwoman' (just to name a few) this album is a classic. I seriously can't stop listening to it.",0,0,"Nov 15, 2007"
8,"Overall pleasant to listen to.",0,0,"Nov 16, 2007"
8,"Good Album.",0,0,"Nov 17, 2007"
10,"The best album of HER!",0,0,"Nov 17, 2007"
9,"I am shocked at how good it is. I wasn't feeling the single, 'No One' but then i heard the entire CD and now everything has changed.",0,0,"Nov 30, 2007"
9,"Her 1st two are obviously better; but she's the barometer.",0,0,"Dec  6, 2007"
9,"This is indeed an album that will happen to you. The pop edge made me a bit cautious at first but she made it work brilliantly.",0,0,"Dec 10, 2007"
10,"I Think It would be totally ridiculous to rate As I Am as anything less than a perfect bold beautiful masterpiece. It's different, It's fresh, but it goes to the pop side. Anyway, It's completely Wow!",0,0,"Dec 13, 2007"
5,"Her weakest album to date. Boring, clichd lyrics kill the flow of this album. Only a few standout tracks. She needs to do better than this. She's an incredible talent, but she needs to hire a songwriter, because as a lyricist she is poor. She'll end up like another corporate manufactured singer-songwriter if she doesn't tap into some deeper emotions, away from this bland saccharine mess!",0,0,"Dec 13, 2007"
10,"One of Alicia Keys greatest albums, rejuvinating herself to be more herself, pulling from many different music genre's she loves and combining the to make this epic cd. Like You'll Never See Me Again has to be the love anthem of the year!",0,0,"Dec 13, 2007"
9,"Very emotional! What the doctor would prescribe you if you're in love!",0,0,"Dec 14, 2007"
9,"Definitely Keys' strongest album yet. Though her old albums clearly can't be discredited for having some amazing singles and stand alone tracks, this is the most cohesive album as a whole, with the fewest duds. For non-singles, 'Superwoman,' 'Wreckless Love,' and 'Teenage Love Affair' are early favorites.",0,0,"Dec 25, 2007"
10,"her best effort yet, without any doubt. outstanding tracks: wreckless love, where do we go from here, Lesson learned and sure looks good to me. must-have!",0,0,"Jan  2, 2008"
10,"She did her thing! She constantly reinvents herself and has a different sound everytime. You can tell she's singing from her heart and soul with this album.",0,0,"Jan  2, 2008"
9,"Most of this album is amazing...but I'd just buy the songs I think sound good on iTunes in order to make sure I actually get MY money's worth.",0,0,"Jan 11, 2008"
9,"Great Album!Buy it!",0,0,"Jan 14, 2008"
9,"I absolutely love the album. I listen to it every single day and I love every track! I guess I am Alicia Keys crazy!!",0,0,"Jan 15, 2008"
10,"My goodness. From the intro, to the last song, this album is absolutely awesome. Well done Alicia. My favourites: 'tell you something', 'thing about love', 'superwoman', and 'go ahead'.",0,0,"Jan 27, 2008"
10,"'Bringin' r&b back from the hips to the heart' (and head) :)",0,0,"Feb 11, 2008"
10,"'Bringin' r&b back from the hips to the heart' (and head) :)",0,0,"Feb 11, 2008"
10,"The most soul awakening rnb album of all time.",0,0,"Mar  4, 2008"
10,"An extremely nice album, in good way old-stylish. Listening to it gives me much pleasure.",0,0,"May  4, 2008"
9,"I don't know why critics don't like this album it was really good.",0,0,"Jan  2, 2009"
10,"Perfect!",0,0,"Aug 29, 2009"
9,"o album e muito bom. possui um estilo mais POP do que seus antecessores, tem batidas mais fortes, e musicas mais comerciais, porem, sem perder a qualidade.",0,0,"Aug 10, 2011"
10,"If you want to by ONE Alicia Keys album. Make sure it is this one! Perfect, cannot be faulted!",0,0,"Dec 15, 2011"
10,"Fantastic CD! Many thanks to the Boyz for giving my teens and 12 year old something worthwhile to listen to and introducing them to sounds of Motown past. They did not change the integrity of the songs, but just added their special touch which is fabulous.",0,0,"Apr  1, 2008"
10,"They still got it! what a pleasure to hear back their harmonies, nothing sounds better.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2007"
10,"They make these songs even more beautiful.",0,0,"Dec  7, 2007"
8,"This was a brilliant album something really enjoyed I randomly discovered it by listening to music on my mum's phone and from then on I listened to it constantly and began listen to their other work it is spectacular.",0,0,"Jan 24, 2016"
10,"The CD is so much more then the seen critics are making it out to be. With her slightly different sound and the real meaning of the lyrics, it is a powerful cd.",0,0,"Jan 20, 2008"
7,"It could had been better but who needs perfection when you have sensation?",0,0,"Jan  6, 2008"
10,"Bettye LaVette finally takes her place along side the great singers in the business. It's a place where she ALWAYS belonged, but for reasons now being revealed, was left behind. Now, she's winning awards, appearing in top places and getting the recognition and critical acclaim afforded to only great stars. Her new CD is wonderful and richly deserving of awards. GIVE THEM TO HER!",0,0,"Oct 20, 2007"
10,"Astounding!",0,0,"Oct 20, 2007"
10,"Simply one of the best records released in 2007. Joe Henry is tough to beat as a producer (see 2005 Hell to Raise) and Patterson Hood doesn't but so what? Bettye LaVette sings like her life is on the line, every song, every note. This is intense music and well worth the listen. Essential.",0,0,"Oct 20, 2007"
8,"Listen once and you're almost stunned. Listen twice and the message grabs you. Listen three times and you realize that covers are more than just some singer singing an originally performed arrangement ... it's too bad we've lost the kind of stylizing that Bettye brings to this wonderful R&B / Classic Soul record. The Drive By Truckers drive the groove to near perfection for being a rock band.",0,0,"Nov 25, 2007"
5,"It",0,0,"Mar 28, 2007"
8,"Not my favourite, but absolutely enjoyable. Rock on, Macy.",0,0,"Mar 30, 2007"
8,"Like so many artists Gray fell under the radar after her grammy nominated ' Try' one my fav songs ever.... after three studii albums with epic gray continues to offer her own blend of adult R&B with such poise that is often mistaken for awkard but really is quintessential ...ive enjoyed her albums and that voice that you either love or hate .... Big is exactly that producers, beats and yet remains true to macy grays signature sound im glad to hear such originality blossom William embraces grays eccentric styles and manages to provoke a fun smooth sound... Big is at Grays Best !!!",0,0,"Apr 29, 2007"
9,"Big, loud and and a more mature production",0,0,"Apr  3, 2007"
10,"It's In Wonderful Voice.",0,0,"Apr  4, 2007"
2,"I'm ashamed to say I heard this no-talent for the first time at a pro football game, of which I'm eternally damned, I know. After all, surrounded by pathetic middle-aged adolescents is no way to be introduced to something new. But here came Macy and her grrrrls to butcher our national anthem. Amidst a cascade of boos, she forgot the words, but was giggling the entire time like it was a big joke, which I guess in the context of the time and place, it was. But then again, so is anybody who takes her seriously as an artist. I promise to never go to another professional sporting event if you promise to occasionally just walk away from the 'G' section of the R&B area in your local record store.",0,0,"May  3, 2007"
10,"Great Job Macy!!!",0,0,"Mar 27, 2007"
4,"I'm a big Macy Gray fan - love her 3 albums - especially The Id. Having a hard time getting through this one. It's pretty boring and repetitive. Not funky enough - none of the grooviliciousness of 'Relating to a Psychopath' or 'Sexual Revolution' Songs seem to be about nothing... a few interesting tracks like Strange Behavior, but event hat wears out its welcome. Got it for free and really close to deleting it all... or almost all.",0,0,"Apr  6, 2007"
10,"what an album.... liked it the first time around.... but now i have listened a few time it really is superb. Man what a great album. she is back with a vengeance... i will tell you that it will be the summer album of 2007, and a classic... she lost her distinct sound a little but god she made such a thrilling album",0,0,"Apr  7, 2007"
8,"All i know is, it giives me this real feel good vibe when i'm driving home from work, and the hour drive hasn't been so badlsince it's been in the player, thats all I know.",0,0,"May  9, 2007"
10,"Wonderful just wonderful",0,0,"Mar 28, 2007"
10,"This may be Macy's best album yet -- well worth the wait -- way to go Macy!!",0,0,"Mar 28, 2007"
10,"Tight album. Macy's back!",0,0,"Mar 29, 2007"
8,"Macy Gray is back in a BIG way, and I love it!!! She always puts out good albums...too bad she doesn't get the super-sales, attention, air-play on MTV2 and money other artists do...oh well...she should be proud of this endeavor.",0,0,"Jul  3, 2007"
10,"Just bought this cd and ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT!!!",0,0,"Mar 27, 2007"
8,"I give it an 8. It flows well for a Macy Gray album, which is a good thing if you happen to be a fan. If not, just listen to everybody. It that don't win you over I don't know what ever will. You're dead if you don't react to Everybody. What else? Fergie gets to pretend she can sing in Glad You're Here. To surprisingly great results. Yes, I swear! It somehow works. Macy just blends everything around her, makes it fit somehow. Inside her craziness, it's like the eye of the storm, calm but full of rage all around. Some favorites? Everybody, Strange Behavior, Finally Made Me Happy, Ghetto Love, One For Me (which reminds me of Blondie's Heart Of Glass) and Get Out. Strange Behavior, especially, is of notice. Not only is the track classic, pure Macy, but this time she takes the storytelling a step further and places it inside a film noir narrative. And it's amazing and funny and great. As is most of the album.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2007"
10,"I love it! Especially 'What I gotta do' it has a lot of heart and it's a great song! Macy Gray is Back!",0,0,"May 21, 2007"
5,"The CD has a welcome funkiness about it, but the problem remains her vocals. The songs aren't good enough to stand out much, and her voice doesn't make you feel the music like the best soul singers do. Try Amy Winehouse instead.",0,0,"Mar 20, 2007"
6,"I think there's a couple of great songs, but generally I felt a little bit disapointed about this, her previous album was by far better that this one",0,0,"Mar 27, 2007"
10,"I really enjoyed this album. I think Joss' vocals have improved a lot since her first two albums and she's starting to deliver on all the promise she showed on those records. Her voice now has real power, and like Christina Aguilera, she has learned how to apply her voice to really sell each song and make it something special. The songs themselves are excellent, as you would expect with a good team of writers and producers behind her. All in all, a superb third album from a rapidly improving young singer.",0,0,"Apr 14, 2007"
2,"Mis-step ---- The title of this album should be 'Introducing Joss Stone's trials for American Idol!' Here she sings around the notes, rather than sings. We have guest stars and sampling of loops. Quick ..... steer away from mediocrity.....",0,0,"Mar 19, 2007"
9,"This album is a welcome dose of funky retro soul/r&b/pop after her last two albums - not that they were bad, in actual fact I loved them, but this new sound is a lot more fun, without the worry that you might start singing along to it on your iPod in a public place. So there may not be many memorable hooks. So? Her exceptional, smoky voice pulls it off.",0,0,"Mar 21, 2007"
9,"This album is awesome, especially in reference to her past albums. Most people have this negative view of her, which prevents an objective review of her music. That's a shame. Because in the meantime, you've missed out on a great album. Excellent production. So what if her accent is changing, she's only 19 - not the queen of England.",0,0,"Mar 25, 2007"
6,"I really love Joss Stone. I think she is funky and of course has a beautiful voice. Her new CD wasn't what I was expecting from her - it is lots of beats and rhythm, without the ballads that I came to love her for. It just so happens though that I was looking for a good JAM CD, and this is it!",0,0,"Mar 21, 2007"
8,"Very good album. It took a few listens to come around, but overall it's a keeper. Good to see Joss is not getting stuck in the mode of her past two albums. Nice dose of funkiness.",0,0,"Mar 28, 2007"
10,"This is an amazing album!",0,0,"Apr 26, 2007"
6,"I found it to be an enjoyable listen that didn't trigger any overwhelming reaction or emotion (positive or negative). Starts off strong with three or four decent tracks, runs out of gas towards the end.",0,0,"Aug 30, 2011"
5,"With Raphael Saadiq as a producer I expected this album to be amazing, but I was left utterly unamazed by the reality of what it actually offers. Other than a few stand-out tracks ('Girl They Won't Believe It', 'Tell Me 'Bout It', 'Music Outro', all of which are, go figure, co-written by Saadiq) the album is nothing more than average, with nothing to make it memorable or even noticeable.  This is a shame, since Joss Stone is a talented vocalist, and should have songs that demonstrate this better.",0,0,"Dec 27, 2013"
10,"This album is one of the best album I've ever heard. Best classy production, promising vocals, and honest lyrics brings the best of Amy and the album. No boring songs and every song is a need to hear.",4,4,"Dec  6, 2010"
10,"Masterpiece!",1,1,"Jul 17, 2008"
8,"A very good album from the amazingly talented Amy Winehouse. There's not a great deal to say; it has its selection of great songs (the best, in my opinion, being 'Addicted' and 'Tears Dry On Their Own') but also has some less catchy songs, like all albums. Her uncommon talent makes up for this, and she provides us with a brilliant British jazz album. It sold in its truckloads, and rightly so; it's a good album. However, I never really gained much from it. It will never be a favourite of mine, as good as it may be.8/10. Why? Although an amazing musical album, it failed to touch me or become a favourite.",1,1,"Aug 24, 2010"
10,"This album is one of the best I've ever heard.",1,1,"Sep 24, 2011"
10,"It's like Prefix Magazine said... Back to Black stands in testament to the fact that talent and originality still exist. Amy was an amazing singer and songwriter and this album is the prove of the pretty soul that Amy has to give to all listeners.",2,5,"Feb 18, 2015"
0,"She is AWFUL. i cannot comprehend how ANYONE can like her?! she makes me want to rip my ears off.",0,1,"May  9, 2007"
4,"Overhyped, overrated. I really dislike her voice, and I love R&B. Seems ppl are so desperate to hear something other than the slick dance R&B; that this is getting better reviews than it deserves on its own merit. I'd have forgotten all about this, if I didn't keep seeing the hype in so many places.",0,1,"Jun  5, 2007"
3,"Blah, blah, blah. I am so sick of bad girls promoting their badness. Get your ass inro the rehab that you disdain so that you can have a career, you little cunt.",0,5,"Aug 18, 2007"
4,"Not my cup of tea.",0,1,"May 22, 2007"
2,"A Grammy??? I know people go for the bad boy image but the but girl? Fell asleep through most of the songs.",0,1,"Mar 15, 2008"
4,"I know this is new and exciting for a lot of people, but am I the only one who has heard this done before, and done better? It's not an awful album. It just didn't strike me as unique or fresh, which is what so many have hailed it as. I was kind of bored, to be honest.",0,1,"Jul  3, 2008"
1,"rich drunken british brat attempts to complain about being depressed and recreate soul in an era where there is none.",0,1,"Mar 13, 2007"
2,"Overated garbage!",0,1,"May 16, 2007"
2,"Nice eye candy but there's nothing new here. Imagine a drunk, british Fergie with worse beats. Come 2008 we'll be seeing Amy Winehouse in the 'One Hit Wonder' bin along with Rico Suave and The Vengaboys.",0,1,"Jun 14, 2007"
0,"Rename: 'Whinehouse' because that's pretty much all she does; whining.",0,1,"Feb 16, 2008"
2,"Is anyone else tired of hipster irony? Somebody please throw her a sandwich!",0,1,"Feb  7, 2008"
4,"Go to rehab. Don't go to rehab. I don't give one. I just wish i could go a day without hearing your whiney voice on the radio or your stupid horsey face in the papers, ya big weirdo!!!",0,1,"Oct 21, 2007"
5,"The most overated album of the year!",0,1,"May 16, 2007"
3,"She has a pretty nice voice, but she lacks something. Sure, she's different, but different doesn't equal an automatic 'wow that rulz'.",0,1,"Jun 14, 2007"
8,"It is just good soul/jazz/pop british music.",0,0,"Apr  6, 2007"
10,"I am not ordinarily a fan of doped up, foul-mouthed, self-destructive types, but Amy's music is such a contradictory combination of hard-core, tell-it-like-it-is lyrics wrapped up in danceable 60's style music that it's just surprising. Add to that her edgy soul-filled vocals, and wow! I read one reviewer who said something like: 'Who needs love when pain feels this good!' Come to think of it, maybe that's what's going on between Amy and Blake. Anyway, a few more listens and I'll probably agree!",0,0,"Feb 16, 2008"
8,"The music is good as the performer is classy. I'm in love with her voice",0,0,"Jun  2, 2008"
10,"One of the best albums of last year (and this year in the States); Winehouse delivers a soulful punch in the gut, complete with spot-on vocals and plenty of attitude and intelligence.",0,0,"Mar 20, 2007"
10,"Great, one of the year's bests. Great voice, smart lyrics, which seem hard to sing on the paper, but she pulls it out easily. Very bluesy, very honest, very british, with Rehab as an instant classic. And for all of you who say she's a one hit wonder, she had another great record, Frank, and it's single Stronger than Me won Ivor Novello. I hope we'll be hearing more of her!",0,0,"Aug  4, 2007"
8,"Amy Winehouse is such a fresh new talent... she does it all in her own trademark style... she is surely one of the most important artists of 2007, and should win many music awards.",0,0,"Aug  7, 2007"
10,"An amazing album, a masterpiece! One of the best albuns of the century... 'Love Is a Losing Game' and 'Tears Dry On Their Own' are 5 stars *****!",0,0,"Jul  2, 2009"
10,"You know, I typically trust Rolling Stone as the deciding vote. The one that settles the debate. But I look at the review here and wonder how did this mensch get it so wrong? I listen to all kinds of music. No boundaries here. And I can tell you, this album is the best of the year through October 18th. When has a singer been this original, even when scouring decades past? Sure, she's a wreck. And thank god the wreck actually WRITES songs and has REAL vocal talent. I love Radiohead. Iron and Wine. All of em. THIS is the best of the year. It's got guts. It earns it. It's not just posing. Kudos. Kudos. Kudos.",0,0,"Oct 18, 2007"
10,"Wow, i was pleasantly surprised. Even in this year of Arcade Fire, Bjorn, !!!, The Shins, and Explosions in the Sky, this is one of the best of the year so far. I'm a big fan of 60s and 70s soul, so i guess i would be one to enjoy this album. But what that also means, is i know what good soul music sounds like, and Winehouse is the real deal. The arrangements may be retroactively influenced, but they're still modern all the way.",0,0,"Mar 15, 2007"
9,"immense, she can now walk the walk not just talk the talk. modern beats and classic staxx sass make this a must have classic",0,0,"Mar 16, 2007"
10,"An instant classic - the soundtrack from rainy Saturday afternoons to Sunday morning - she deserves the world",0,0,"Mar 17, 2007"
10,"This album sounds so fresh.So different from all those rubbish you've heard on the radio. Great vocals, great style, great album",0,0,"Mar 21, 2007"
10,"t&a with soul. cool use of rugburn references throughout. bless her heart. bothers me she apprximates / appoaches f'n xtina once or twice, note to aw: don't let it happen again, your miles ahead of the pack, stay there.",0,0,"Apr 12, 2007"
10,"this album is gonna win the big 4 at the next grammys.. im betting my whole cd collection on it!!!",0,0,"Apr 28, 2007"
9,"truly original mixing girl group and soul with modern bad girl lyrics thereby passing contemporary r&b boringness and passing the 'neosoul' scene.",0,0,"Apr  3, 2007"
8,"The album is not perfect but every song manages to grab and keep you. I just can't help but fall in love with this girl's musick. She is brutally honest and has a voice to be compared with the likes of Ella Fitzgerald&Etta James. You won't be disappointed.",0,0,"May 15, 2007"
8,"The kind you listen to on a grey NYC morning on the way to work or sitting and watching the rain. But whatever pithy you use, it's an album you can feel",0,0,"May  2, 2007"
7,"the album peaks & dips in places, but when it peaks, it really peaks. You also can't deny that her voice is amazing and can make anything sound powerful. Best Songs: Rehab, You Know I'm No Good, Back To Black, Tears Dry On Their Own, Wake Up Alone, Addicted (odd, but good) And even the less good songs arent tragic.",0,0,"Jun  2, 2007"
9,"Simply amazing voice. Not that original when you compare it to a long time ago, but nobody is doing the stuff she is right now. Great way to change things up.",0,0,"Jan  9, 2008"
10,"Amazing lyrics, true soul, great voice and incredible sound. This is the perfect example of a classic album and her career seems to be just starting!",0,0,"Feb 19, 2008"
10,"Haven't been so enthusiastic for a singer since D'Angelo. The guy disappeared...and so did hopes for old school soul. But Amy, wow, it's another dimension. Everything about this album is amazing. I only wish she takes care of herself, learns to be low key and keeps on blessing us with her talent for a very long time.",0,0,"Feb  4, 2008"
9,"Amy's voice is fantastic. The song writing is decent; could be a little more exciting and a little less biographical, and I would have given it a 10. I'm shocked by how many people gave this a 0. Kind of silly.",0,0,"Jul  8, 2008"
7,"Her voice is beautiful, as are some of the songs ('Wake Up Alone' was on repeat for awhile), but some of the material was weak (the sample for 'Tears Dry On Their Own' was obvious and made the song seem pale and kitschy in comparison to the original). Hopefully her next album will be filled with stronger, more original material.",0,0,"Jan 24, 2009"
10,"One of the best soul albums ever, period!",0,0,"Mar 13, 2007"
9,"Great stuff! Soulful and provocative.",0,0,"Mar 13, 2007"
10,"It's refreshing, soulful and emotional... She puts everyone in the game right now to shame... You can hear jazz, motown and real soul on this record and still getting a modern day satisfaction...",0,0,"Mar 16, 2007"
10,"21st century Ronnie Spector attitude with Dinah Washington pipes. This is amazing stuff.",0,0,"Mar 16, 2007"
10,"AMAZING voice. amazing music, original, simply brilliant, is all I have to say.",0,0,"Mar 17, 2007"
9,"Amy Winehouse has such a wonderfull voice... I've never heard such sweet soul...",0,0,"Mar 23, 2007"
10,"one of the best albums ive heard ina few years. it's gonna end up one of this classic albums that people will love forever. a true UK talent.",0,0,"Mar 26, 2007"
6,"A few good songs..",0,0,"Apr 16, 2007"
9,"Fantastic piece or work. Classic tunes reminiscent of long ago infused with lyrics of the current day. Her voice is amazing! Make sure you pick this one up and add it to your collection.",0,0,"Apr 24, 2007"
10,"One of the best albums i've heard in a long time. Her voice is amazing combined with cool lyrics & great rhythm. This girl is gonna rack up the Grammy's next year.",0,0,"Apr 26, 2007"
10,"How anyone can dislike this album is seriously beyond me. Her vocals are strong and unique, her lyrics are to die for, and the music is insanely catchy in an innovative way. Amy is love.",0,0,"May 11, 2007"
9,"A classic, Ronson / Winehouse have produced something special...",0,0,"May 21, 2007"
10,"Her unique voice and daring lyrics makes this album one of the year's best!!! The song 'Back To Black' is just outstanding.",0,0,"May 25, 2007"
8,"The only reason I'd give this record a bad review is cuz a certain blogger name Perez Hilton 'claims' to have discovered her before everyone else. She had nothing to do with that and she is beyond gifted and I can't take that away from her",0,0,"May 29, 2007"
9,"Amy Winehouse's voice alone is very impressive. She sings her songs in a way that is a throwback to (but not entirely derivative of) the Motown sound. It's refreshing to hear a modern take on Motown R&B. Her sound fuses this with a little bit of hip-hop and techniques used in R&B music today. This is an excellent record. It's old meets new. SImultaneously traditional and contemporary. The only downside is that there are a couple of filler tracks, but the best tracks more than make up for it.",0,0,"Jun 15, 2007"
10,"brilliant, a refreshing relief from the crap music around these days. as usual, Rolling Stone misses the mark yet again by only giving it 3 stars. no surprise there...",0,0,"Jun 17, 2007"
6,"Interesting when taken in as single tracks, grating when taken as a whole. Winehouse's voice, while fascinating, is nevertheless hard to take for any great length of time. She has real talents as a soul singer, but needs to pull back on some of the harsher vocal inflections. And despite what the critics say, musically, there isn't truly anything new or fun here to really reward active listening. But it's okay. Just not the end all and be all.",0,0,"Jun 21, 2007"
9,"She and James Hunter have done a masterful job of reviving soul/r&b while adding their own uniquely contemporary twist.",0,0,"Jun  3, 2007"
9,"It's better tracks are some of the best singles of the year so far, easy. I can't believe this kind of record is actually selling to mainstream audiences.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2007"
10,"this is great . no questions about it. every track is a killer , a bit short ... but i suppose that just makes you want to play it again",0,0,"Jul 15, 2007"
10,"This album, in my opinion, is the best R&B album to be released since 1998's 'The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill.' Though the cd only contains 10 tracks, each one is a winner; there are NO fillers. She's definitely solidified her Best New Artist nomination -- and a win isn't an insurmountable feat for her at this point. Pure genius.",0,0,"Jul  2, 2007"
9,"As a whole, the album is a peice of shit, but if u listen to the songs, 1 by 1, at different occasions, they sounds soo amazing, her voice is exceptional on this album, a highlight in this song is Addicted, shows that she has some humor that Artists such as Kate nash and Lily Allen have (tell your boyfriend, when he comes around, to buy his own weed and dont ware my shit down). Bravo Amy",0,0,"Aug 12, 2007"
10,"Classic material, Can soul music be saved? How long will have to listen to simplicity! thank you Amy for bringing back the songswriting craft with a voice far beyond your years, melody's to die for and music rich in history however with a modern day twist. A record that transcends alot of genres seamlessly that will be imitated by the wagoneers. Best Soul record since D'Angelo's debut and the beginning of a movement! Record Of The Year, Whatttt!",0,0,"Aug 27, 2007"
9,"One fine soul album.",0,0,"Sep  1, 2007"
10,"This girl is a genius.",0,0,"Oct 12, 2008"
9,"Such a great and husky voice that brings me back to the old days, even though I am not old. Great lyrics as well!",0,0,"Feb  5, 2008"
10,"The users ratings here are just testament to the fact that where music is concerned you gotta make your own decision. Loved NOT just the voice but songs as well.",0,0,"Jan 22, 2009"
8,"Definitely not as good as her debut, but the better songs on there can still hold their own. Hope the girl gets better so she can work on her third album!",0,0,"Oct 14, 2007"
10,"I bought this album because I liked the song 'rehab'. After listening to the whole album a couple of times, I got hooked and realized she's a great artist.",0,0,"Dec 26, 2007"
10,"Love Love Love her. Gets better with every listen. She is one of a kind.",0,0,"Dec  8, 2007"
9,"She's bringing all the Motown feeling back in her own way, she is dealing with many different sounds and she's always a winner. Listen to her first album Frank",0,0,"Mar 12, 2007"
10,"This CD is so good! Amy Winehouse has such a distinctive voice, and sound. It's so nice to finally hear something this fresh & new!",0,0,"Mar 12, 2007"
10,"Unholy War is the only weak track...everything else is amazing. Best album of 2006.",0,0,"Mar 12, 2007"
6,"actually, it's all rather boring... :P",0,0,"Mar 13, 2007"
10,"This is the best album I've heard since Fiona Apple's 'Tidal,' which is saying a lot. Winehouse is an original in a room filled with copycat blonde babes who have nothing better to sing about than how hot they are. I can guarantee you won't ever be hearing 'Winehouse-licious.' She actually has something to say... and I love every word.",0,0,"Mar 13, 2007"
9,"its musically outstanding and emotionally poignant because its so honest and autobiographical. i'm a convert.",0,0,"Mar 13, 2007"
8,"Production is wonderful; her voice is divine; wish the songwriting were crisper, though.",0,0,"Mar 14, 2007"
8,"This album should make her too cool for metacritic in the states.",0,0,"Mar 14, 2007"
9,"great voice....great album",0,0,"Mar 14, 2007"
10,"One of the best US releases of the year! A cohesive album of great vocals, cracker-jack production, and lyrics which keep it all from veering into retro re-tread territory. How a white British woman with the name of 'Amy Winehouse' came to sound like the love-child of Etta James and Lauryn Hill is beyond me, but the results are hard to argue with.",0,0,"Mar 14, 2007"
10,"So good it hurts....her, me, and anyone with a heart who knows how to listen. She makes pain sound like velvet, no mean trick. I love this CD.",0,0,"Mar 14, 2007"
7,"She has a good voice (the ruggedness of Billie Holiday combined with the soul of LaKisha from American Idol,) but unfortunately, the arrangements too often sound uninspired. The single 'Rehab' is an exception. A good CD, but she deserves better.",0,0,"Mar 16, 2007"
10,"I get lost in her voice.",0,0,"Mar 26, 2007"
8,"Smooth, sassy, and, catchy, and unique. Pretty good.",0,0,"Apr 23, 2007"
10,"This album is perfect. Amy writes about pain, yet manages to capture an uplifting element among it. This is one of the best album in the past 10 years. This is a classic sure to be in my listening collection in my 60's.",0,0,"May 15, 2007"
9,"How anyone with a computer can buy an album and give it a 0 is completely beyond me. Listen morons, don't buy an album until you've heard a song or two. Buying an album and giving it a 0 is more a reflection on your unwise spending than it is on the quality of the album.",0,0,"May 26, 2007"
10,"Without a doubt, one of the best pop albums in years if not one of the best albums released this decade. The honesty, pain, heartbreak, and emotion as expressed not only by Amy's lyrics, but also through her voice are undeniable, which makes this record simply exceptional. A stellar achievement and a career high few artists will ever reach. Instant classic.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2007"
10,"Best artist of the century, she has the most beautiful voice ever, and she ain't another pretty face like someone (Mariah Carey, Rihanna, Beyonce...) she's is god! enough said!",0,0,"Dec 21, 2008"
8,"If you liked Jazz before the Coltranes and Dolphys, and if you are into Blues and 70s R&B this is album will be a favourite. If you aren't a fan of this, you probably aren't a fan of most American genres.",0,0,"Aug 26, 2009"
10,"WOW! by far one of th ebest albums of 2007. I love how she infused that funk-r&B-and soul genres together to produce astring of hits. Recommended tracks, 'Rehab', 'You Know I'm No Good' 'Love is a Losing Games' 'Back to Black' and 'Tears dry on their own'. i give a ten for her fresh sound, talent in song writing and originality.",0,0,"Dec 19, 2007"
9,"This is a great record.  This is a motion capture of a disturbed artist at her peak.  She was a girl when she made this.  A young girl.  Her voice and phrasing is astonishing for her age.  What a great record. Amy's lyrics are a telling portrait of her life.",0,0,"Jul 18, 2015"
8,"This album surprized me. Im not a paticular 'Jazz' fan, but this album was god. plain and simple, no one can deny that. While listening to 'Rehab' i actually got chills. That's how well Winehouse can paint a picture with her voice.",0,0,"Oct 26, 2010"
9,"The reason I love Amy Winehouse is because she's brutally honest, and she doesn't shy away from her honesty in Back To Black. Tracks like 'Rehab' and 'Addiction' completely show what Amy Winehouse is about. This is a great album from start to finish. Her vocals are beautiful, her lyrics are honest, and the production is amazing. Amy Winehouse was a wonderful singer and her legacy will live on. A-",0,0,"Jan 25, 2012"
10,"R.I.P Amy Winehouse. She's one of my favorite artist and I will miss her. She is my favorite live performer. I love her unique, soulful soul. In this album, she sings about love and drugs. The album won 5 Grammys in 2008. Back to Black is one of my favorite album of all time. Miss you Amy.",0,0,"Nov 22, 2011"
9,"Back to Black has really broken the typical pop borders that exist at the moment. Soul rebirth is reflected in the powerful contralto Amy voice. Amy's style has brought us the inspirational music of the golden 60 's today with a special mix of different styles, which makes it appropriated. From the masterpiece of 'Rehab' to 'Addicted', Amy secures an incredible autobiographical touch in her lyrics, with a considerable variety of subjects. Absolutely, one of the best albums of the decade.",0,0,"Jul 27, 2011"
8,"While Frank was a decent shot at reviving the jazz-soul genre from the '40s, Back to Black loosens the jazz elements in order to explore a 'vintage R&B-soul' sound, and Winehouse's powerful deep contralto vocals and sassy songwriting are a perfect fit. However, the talent really derives from her originality. The album's standout tracks are its singles: 'Rehab' is the unforgettable first single that borrows heavily from R&B-pop and makes references to her daddy as well as Ray Charles. It could even be considered Winehouse's 'signature' track. The album's title track, 'Back to Black', is beautifully written and composed and is as soothing as silk whilst 'You Know I'm No Good' is remenesent of her previous 'jazz-soul' studio album Frank and dances to a clich, but classy jukebox beat. And last but not least, 'Love Is a Losing Game' is Ronson's undeniable shout-out to the classic 'Ain't No Mountain High Enough'.",0,0,"Aug 13, 2011"
8,"This album turns out to be very beautiful. Her voice is extraordinary. But what carries this album are Winehouse's lyrics. They do it all on their own. The lyrics are very deep and completely emotional. You can't help but want to cry during some songs. For example, the sentimental Love Is A Losing Game and the breezy and weepy Wake Up Alone. Although, the album does get a little repetitive. With the songs Some Unholy War and He Can Only Hold Her, the songs sound so similar it's as if you are listening to the same song over again. Some songs get a bit woozy at times, like the breakdown in Back to Black. But the songs are sang in such an emotive manner, that you feel like she is truly being sincere and is not faking the emotion. 'Back to Black' is an album that satisfies the listener and brings tears to the eyes at times. It is a beautiful lyrical masterpiece. HIGHLIGHTS: Rehab, Love Is A Losing Game, Me & Mr. Jones, Tears Dry On Their Own, Addicted.",0,0,"Jul  2, 2012"
8,"One of the great albums of the 00's - full of top class songs showing off Amy's brand of R&B motown type soul. It's one of those albums where you feel like you've known all the songs long before you've heard them. It's got that timeless flavour to it and could have come from any decade from the past 50 years. What a voice, what a talent, what a waste, what a shame there won't be a proper follow up now with her untimely passing. This record will be up there with Jeff Buckley's Grace in another 10 years as one of the great untimely swansongs.",0,0,"Oct 14, 2011"
3,"the best is the first.i dont like this,only few tracks is good than nothing.",0,0,"Oct 24, 2006"
10,"A perfect mix of sophisticated R&B/Soul with Pop. Deemed the new Marvin Gaye by many and justly so. Recommend PDA (We Just Dont Care) and Slow Dance.",0,0,"Dec  7, 2006"
10,"One of the most satisfying albums I've ever heard. John perfectly blends old and new-school to create an album with a sound that manages to satisfy the motown-crowd as well as the younger generation, while also managing to not sound monotonous.",0,0,"Nov  9, 2006"
8,"This guy is very talented. Unfortunately for him, his music is a little too adult contemporary jazz to be cool, but hopefully if he keeps on producing music of quality like on this album and Get Lifted, that won't matter and he will eventually get the popularity he deserves. I also like Common and Kayne West, who he has collaborated with. He needs perhaps to get a little more funk, and a little less jazz, into his sound.",0,0,"Dec 19, 2006"
10,"Just Awesome. Again is so well done.",0,0,"Oct 24, 2006"
5,"...only three really good songs; the rest, although lyrically satisfying, don't follow through with enough creativity and popping vocal arrangements. the production on Get Lifted was 10 times better.",0,0,"Oct 25, 2006"
9,"Really smooth",0,0,"Oct 25, 2006"
8,"too smooth to be real soul/R&B, but perfect as popmusic",0,0,"Oct 28, 2006"
9,"I lOVE this album better than the first! I think that he is really showing his diversity. My favorite is Another Again... but I wish I was Melanie in Stereo!",0,0,"Feb 13, 2007"
9,"This is better than 'Get Lifted.' It's new, it's fresh and it doesn't pander to the same syrupy sensibility that the majority of male 'R&B' do. This is why it's distinct and will probably go down as one of his career bests.",0,0,"Dec 11, 2006"
9,"Amazing album...absolutely amazing and timeless",0,0,"Oct 23, 2006"
9,"This album is great! Great singing and great use of instruments.",0,0,"Oct 25, 2006"
10,"he has a unique sound and much more sophisticated style then alot of other r&b artists these days.",0,0,"Oct 26, 2006"
9,"Very good album with a lot of soulful and catchy songs. Personal favorites are Save Room, PDA (We Just Dont Care), and Where Did She Go. Definitely recommend this album!",0,0,"Oct 27, 2006"
10,"The new album sounds totally different, yet it's still some of the best music out there. Once Again is a great CD. It shows his maturity in the music industry, which I believe is greatly needed.",0,0,"Dec  8, 2006"
7,"A John Legend album that doesn't quite match up to his previous album 'Get Lifted' but still has multiple areas of greatness. This album is full of songs that have soulful vibes that show why people enjoy john legend so much.",0,0,"Jul 22, 2012"
9,"True expression of her soul; it seems to be a heartfelt revelation of herself to the world",0,0,"Aug  3, 2006"
9,"These 'professional' critics are crazy! This just goes to show you that white people just do not understand soul music. Now, don't get me wrong, I am far from racist, but I can't help but be irritated by the fact that she was given a lower overall rating than Paris Hilton! This can only mean one thing, they just don't get it! Calling her self-righteous, simplistic, and clumsy? You certainly MUST be kidding me! If you don't understand the music, that's fine. If you don't know where she is coming from, that is also fine. But DON'T attack her creativity, musicality, and overall talent because she is the realist thing to hit the music industry in years! Try again critics, I give YOU a 51.",0,0,"Oct 17, 2006"
6,"India is the girl! I already love this album and I",0,0,"Jun 28, 2006"
10,"2 words. Outstanding and Remarkable. This CD has taken my demeanor to a new level. India's words has calmed my spirit and my soul has become serene and poised. You can recognize true talent easily in her, all she needs is her guitar and her voice and she can sell millions. She is actually in my opinion becoming the next Lauryn Hill, and for those of you that KNOWS music and neosoul you will know Lauryn Hill is one of the greatest and that is hard to compare to anyone. Go India. Keep doing ya thang and I have become your number one fan!!!",0,0,"Jul  2, 2006"
8,"I love India. I've followed her nonstop for years...even have her DVD of her trip a few years ago to Brazil where she met the guy she sings of on one of the cuts and first debuted 'India Song'. I was anxious to hear the new CD. It's good but I must admit that you can detect her sadness in this album and that makes it a little hard to put into heavy rotation. Unlike the first two albums, I think this is one I have to be in more of a 'mood' to listen to. 'The Heart of the Matter' and 'Good Morning' are great but maybe that is just because I recently had a breakup too so I was feeling where she was coming from but I ended up feeling a little too blue. But 'There's Hope' is upbeat and a good drive to work in the morning song. I think her albums are reflecting/deflecting alot of pain. Voyage to India seemed to be her attempting self-affirmation after the Grammy losses for Acoustic Soul --'God is Real, The Little Things, etc.' Overall I give it 2 thumbs up but I hope that she is in better spirits with Vol. 2. I'll be praying for her contentment. If she's this good sad, imagine what a happy India will come with.",0,0,"Jul  3, 2006"
10,"Simply one of the best cds of the year. She sings with conviction which we don't find in many artist today. The music is full of life which transcends through all bounderies. This is what we need more of today in music!",0,0,"Aug 20, 2006"
10,"Thanks india for your true testimony which has given me the courage to face my biggest fear of leaving an unhealthy relationship and move on to finding and understanding myself. My god bless you. This album is amazing",0,0,"Sep  2, 2006"
10,"I can just soak up the awesomness",0,0,"Jul 26, 2007"
5,"Terrible R&B! Exept Im not in my hair ft. Akon,",0,0,"Jun 27, 2006"
9,"Great cd from the woman with the best voice in misic.",0,0,"Jun 28, 2006"
10,"Absolutely wonderful!",0,0,"Jun 28, 2006"
9,"anyone who has followed this artist knows that there has been great growth and if u are a true music lover you have to appreciate an artist who goes against traditional definitions of what music should be. India is special she is validated by her people and her earthyness is a welcome change to the typical predictable sound of r&b/hip hop that exists today. if she were alicia keys or some other fair skinned female most critics would be singer her praises.. coodos India!!!",0,0,"Jun 29, 2006"
7,"While we all need to be lifted up at times, I couldn't help feeling a bit overwhelmed...except 'Summer' and 'I am Not My Hair'. The album contains daily affirmations put to melodic guitar rhythms...nice, but I'd imagine it would be hard to market.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2006"
9,"Beautiful and healing. I have always loved 'Heart of the Matter', but now, post my own break-up, and in a woman's voice, it resonates. Beautiful album.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2006"
8,"The metacritic average score certainly is crap. The scoring is based on what? Don't try to put this album down with stupid assessment of the critic's opinion with scores. It's very subjective. How can you say it's 80 and not 90 or 100 when all the critic's comments are good? When do you give a 40 and not a 50? Stop pretending Metacritic. Just count the favorable and not favorable reviews and don't put 'scores' and then average them.",0,0,"Jul 25, 2006"
9,"India's best album yet! There's more variety musically and lyrically, with hope and optimism fully intact. I don't see how the album can be perceived as forced regarding its positive messages, unless it is judged by someone who feels down most of the time. My Favourites: Heart of the matter, good mourning, and there's hope. God bless you India!",0,0,"Aug 10, 2006"
6,"As much as I like India's music, this is by far her weakest effort so far. The lyrics are somewhat over the top, and the music just isn't up to par with what she produced before. Some of the songs are just... dull... However, there are also good moments, and India's honesty is as always to be admired.",0,0,"Apr 27, 2009"
10,"best r&b album in a long time. inspiring and positive without being sappy or fake. Her voice is such an instrument.",0,0,"Jun 28, 2006"
10,"Simple. Amazing. Beautiful and yes it does stick!",0,0,"Jul 14, 2006"
9,"I love this album. It may not be ground breaking, but it is just good. Her voice and playfll tone is the highlight.",0,0,"Jan  4, 2007"
9,"Nice to see someone making music with some care to it lasting. I'd like to see her improve the lyrics-- there are flashes of excellence, but then retreats to cliches. Still, in a world full or bragging rap abd screaming rock, this album is refreshing.",0,0,"Apr  3, 2007"
10,"Wonderful. Corinne Bailey Rae's voice is soothing and beautiful. The CD is full of soul and sweet melodies. Simple and brilliant.",0,0,"Jul 25, 2006"
10,"Really fabulous!!!! voice, music, everything.",0,0,"Aug 20, 2006"
10,"marvelous songs, really amazing",0,0,"Dec 31, 2006"
7,"Well, I bought this at the time it came out in the UK, so I have listened for quite a while. It's hardly anything groundbreaking, but it's pretty pleasant. The first 3 tracks are stunning, especially Like A Star. Enchantment is atmospheric and very relaxing, while Put Your Records On is catchy, jazzy and simpky brilliant. And then Trouble Sleeping helps too, another great track that one. Other than these tracks, not many stand out though. I hardly remember the melodies of the other songs. Probably only Choux Pastry Heart which is a fine song after a few listens, Breathless, and the out-of-place I'd Like To. Overall, it's not a bad album, just a little dissapointing given the strength of the singles. The US version has a nicer cover too.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2006"
10,"Beautiful voice and beautiful sound. Her voice, her words are simple but honest and heartfelt, and startlingly refreshing.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2006"
5,"Mediocrity in British form.",0,0,"Jul 21, 2006"
10,"Beautiful simple lyrics to go with her lovely voice. I can listen to this straight through with no skips. Very good!",0,0,"Jul 27, 2006"
7,"This album is a beautiful wind down at the end of the day type CD. Corinne",0,0,"Jan 25, 2007"
5,"The lushness and quirky uniqueness of Raes voice caught my attention upon my very first listen of 'Put your record on'. Unfortunately the goosebumps which populated my arms after this one listen, as they do every time I think I've made a new musical 'discovery' for myself, were nowhere to be seen upon my initial listening of Corinne's full length. While it's few high points deliver some memorable (and infectiously hum-able) melodies, the majority of this album seems tailor made for the docile and inattentive ears of Gap shoppers and bank queuers everwhere. It is at no point is it offensive or irritating, nor is it rousing, inspiring, engaging or challenging.",0,0,"Mar 14, 2007"
9,"Finally, a breath of fresh air. So original, so simple, and oh so good!",0,0,"Jun 25, 2006"
2,"VH1, please stop recommending music; your scale of awesomeness is way off mark. Let's see, Maroon 5, Jason Mraz, Black Eyed Peas, Jamie Cullum, James Blunt, Daniel Powter, and the Fray. With the exception of KT Tunstall, you have proven to not have a good ear for music. Corinne Bailey Rae...I've heard this stuff before. I didn't like it then, and my opinion has only grown harsher for the 'poet who can sing'. Unoriginal arrangements, hackneyed lyrics, and a voice that's merely pretty. This, of course, translates into revenue for Capitol, and it helps the industry who wants to keep everyone's expectations low so that they can market more artists like her. Here's a tip...get Neko Case's 'Fox Confessor Brings The Flood'. Or Beth Orton's 'Comfort of Strangers'. Both have better arrangements, better lyrics, and better songs than 'Corinne Bailey Rae', and therefore, are better albums. I trust VH1 with 'Flavor of Love', and not much else. What happened...to the human race?",0,0,"Aug 12, 2006"
9,"As with the very best albums, the melodies reveal themselves more fully over time, as does the conviction that underlies this work. Costello's vocals may not lend themselves naturally to this sort of thing, but he has an intuitive ability to pluck unexpected meanings from lines that would simply meld in when sung by anyone else. And the trade-offs between Toussaint's piano and Steve Nieve on Hammond B3 are magnificent.",0,0,"Jun  7, 2006"
10,"What a great collaboration. Top it off with a live performance and you've got the very best that music can offer. Costello's vocals and Toussaints arrangements will live a long time.",0,0,"Jul  5, 2006"
8,"I dont know squat about Toussaint but Costello's best in years and years and years maybe since 'For the Stars' (another collaboration: hmmmmmmmm). 'Brother' is just plain great, title track masterful, and the playing livly and fun.",0,0,"Jun 16, 2006"
7,"A lot of reviews call Costello overbearing or somehow otherwise in the way - but would they even be reviewing it if Costello weren't involved? It just seems to me that these music critics jump at every opportunity they get to showcase their elitism. This is a good cd, with a number of excellent songs, played with a lot of energy and feeling.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2006"
8,"One of Costeelo's good excursions outside his original genre (The juliet Letters being one of the bad ones). The piano shines and the music is just fun.",0,0,"Jun 14, 2006"
9,"What a great pairing at any time but certainly sounds right and righteous in light of Katrina. Bears repeated listening all the way through. It covers a lot of musical ground while not straying far from New Orleans.",0,0,"Aug 31, 2006"
10,"Wow. Soul in 2005. From a Brit. It's about time R&B was updated...",0,0,"Jul  8, 2005"
10,"supa fresh and mega funky",0,0,"Aug  1, 2005"
6,"After the great reviews, I really tried with this but it left me pretty cold. Surprisingly bland.",0,0,"Jul 15, 2005"
10,"Truly fantastic feelgood album. This man sings like he's black :) Quality production ... I wished this album was longer :)",0,0,"Jul  1, 2005"
10,"He's not black? What the heck? Anyways never mind, this the best LP I've heard this year and the best soul LP since Dangelo's last.",0,0,"Jul  6, 2005"
10,"Album of the year.",0,0,"Jul  6, 2005"
9,"Remarkably good album!",0,0,"Jul  7, 2005"
9,"Though I discovered this a little late I am completly in love. The album, while all soul and R&B, does jump around in style quite a bit. Multiply being the highlight of the album sounds like Sly, which is imediately followed by a track that wouldnt be out of place on Thriller. This is really a staggering accomplishment of an album, especially for a guy who used to make boring glitchy IDM... oh and who happens to be white... we have our new Eric Bourdon!",0,0,"Aug 24, 2005"
9,"Grew on my quicker than I could find the loop button on my CD player, and I'm still not sick of it after about 3 months of constant enjoyment. Feels very much like the music of one man made enormous but still sounding like it's in the room 'with you'.",0,0,"Aug 30, 2005"
9,"Very solid album. The single, Multiply, is definitely a highlight. One of the best tracks in a long time!",0,0,"May 29, 2006"
9,"This is the sexiest music of the year. D'angelo meets Aqualung. Great stuff.",0,0,"Jul 11, 2005"
9,"I have no f'in idea where the negative reviews are coming from. This album works as a pop record, while still managing to be forward thinking and original. This album is too catchy for people to complain that they 'don't get it', and it's too original for people to call it 'boring'.",0,0,"Jul 19, 2005"
10,"Great",0,0,"Jul  5, 2005"
10,"it's groove o'clock! and he's not black. outstanding album.",0,0,"Jul  8, 2005"
10,"holy crap, what's wrong with you people? album of m'fckn YEAR.",0,0,"Jul  9, 2005"
10,"love the fusion of oldschool r&b and electronic sparkle",0,0,"Aug 11, 2005"
10,"I must agree...if you dislike this, you are simply trying too hard to be cool. This is Warp's best release in years.",0,0,"Aug  1, 2005"
9,"i don't really believe in 10 out of 10 and therefore i give it a 9 the song material is overall strong enough but with this voice and such great production he could make coldplay songs sound interesting",0,0,"Aug 20, 2005"
10,"Great fusion of soul and electronica. I knew this was good way back when I heard the whole album in May.",0,0,"Aug 28, 2005"
9,"This CD should come with its own birthcontrol device, it is that funky fresh. Turn it up and dance, suckas.",0,0,"Aug  3, 2005"
10,"Hey, average note from users who add a comment to this album is 9, so why average user rating for this album is only 6 ?! This music is sooo great, c'mon, give it a try!",0,0,"Aug  6, 2005"
9,"does an excellent job paying tribute to the classic motown days, but with that great warp record style",0,0,"Aug  8, 2005"
10,"funky as f. Well jackson",0,0,"Sep 23, 2005"
9,"Very creative, great combination on an album, but give it some time. It takes a little bit of time to grow on you.",0,0,"Nov  1, 2005"
9,"Great album. 80's soul and R&B with a 00's feel. And great songwriting too. A welcome throwback to an underused genre.",0,0,"Jul 14, 2005"
9,"This guy has soul. He is the opposite of all the Franz Ferdinandesque wannabe 80s crap out there today.",0,0,"Aug 18, 2005"
10,"Unreal, Jamie is the white De Angelo, Justin Timberlake and Robin Thick ain't got nothin' on this cat...he's bad..........intelligent too........I'm a fan :)",0,0,"Mar 14, 2007"
10,"what a man! fantastic.",0,0,"Apr  2, 2005"
10,"Just like old times",0,0,"Mar 25, 2005"
10,"Just wonderful. Everyone HAS to go out and buy it. It is worth every penny.",0,0,"May 20, 2005"
10,"No matter what the critics say, this is a great album by any standard.",0,0,"Apr 10, 2005"
6,"Burke's singing is wonderful, but Don Was' production sounds canned and over-glossed. A shame, since the material's not bad and Burke's last album was such a welcome surprise.",0,0,"Apr  1, 2005"
