AllMusic,90,"A major work of stunning breadth and originality, heralding a talent who shines a blinding white light in the post-Prince darkness."
American Songwriter,80,"Locally focused yet state-of-the-nation, in their inventiveness and force such songs as Working Poor, Lost In A Crowd and The Worst defy pessimism, good art in bad times.  [Aug 2016, p.92]"
Austin Chronicle,80,"The Last Days Of Oakland is a polished--but not too polished--set of soulful blues. [Aug 2016, p.75]"
Exclaim,80,"He doubles down on funk and digitally erased cultural boundaries without losing a specific sense of self or place."
Classic Rock Magazine,80,"Its never an overbearing or miserable album; Fantastic Negrito wants answers, but he wants you to ask the questions, too."
Mojo,60,"Interspersed with vox-pop musings on matters like police shootings, The Last Days Of Oakland is a state-of-the-nation address akin to Sky Stones Theres A Riot Goin On."

Uncut,80,"With a voice that sits somewhere between Bill Withers and Dr John (a neat trick), this is soulful, raw and rasping stuff."
AllMusic,80,"A white guy singing 'de' instead 'the' might reek uncomfortably of minstrelsy for some, but if you can get past that, any fan of Tom Waits or Dr. John ought to get a kick out of Gon' Boogaloo. Cracking. [Aug 2016, p.117]"
The Guardian,80,"Recorded in one take, with drums, bass, guitar and backing vocalists huddled around two microphones, the results have a rustic charm akin to a more grizzled Leon Redbone, with rolling rumba-rock and reggae grooves."
The Independent (UK),60,"Entertaining, at the very least. [Aug 2016, p.93]"
Record Collector,60,"The production values are practically negligible due to the archival effect. Still, Stonekings intents are obviously pure and prone to imperfection. A curious listen, Gon Booglaloo goes all out."

Q Magazine,80,"Her full-length debut confidently and even defiantly collides raw garage rockabilly with distorted blues and ornery old-time folk. [Jul 2016, p.81]"
The Independent (UK),80,"And yet for all its troubles, the South remains both her home and her muse, and these eerie gothic blues make for one very enchanting debut."
Mojo,79,"Beyond the Bloodhounds isnt a blues record per se, but in the grand tradition of the blues, it creates space to look your demons in the eye and acknowledge their foul existence without necessarily doing much about them."
Blurt Magazine,70,"On Bloodhounds, the harder Victoria works to reckon with the dark Southern demons of her youth, the further shes pulled back and drawn in by the music shes discovered along the way: the lonesome wail of Junior Kimbrough, the isolationist cry of Outkast, the mournful lament of Patsy Cline. Its this push and pull that provides her musics driving tension."

Uncut,70,"There's some fine original songwriting, particularly from Stills. [Jul 2016, p. 79]"
AllMusic,70,"Devotees of blues-rock and the trios past glories will relish taking a spin in their new model."
Pitchfork,60,"Pierced Arrow's 10 tracks range from strutting, power-chord anthems and barroom boogies to riff-driven shuffles. [Jun 2016, p.91]"
American Songwriter,60,"Ultimately, it's this guitar interplay that's the attribute of Pierced Arrow. Some of the songs stick out--particularly, Stills' two attempts at social commentary, 'Virtual World' and 'Mr. Policeman,' both of which would've fit on a CSN LP -- but this is a record about instrumental interplay, not about songs."
Uncut,60,"While rockers such as Mr Policeman are sufficiently rambunctious (only descending to barroom romping on Willie Dixons over-played My Babe), The Rides shine brightest on slower outings such as Stills poignant There Was A Place (which sees him lamenting lost friends), Shepherds intimate By My Side and Goldbergs riveting Ive Got To Use My Imagination, which he wrote in 1973 with Gerry Goffin and became a hit for Gladys Knight & The Pips."

Classic Rock Magazine,80,"Blues of Desperation rarely deviates from the burnished hard-rock-meets-raw-blues template last explored on 2014's Different Shades Of Blue. But everything comes spiced with clever melodic tics. [May 2016, p.106]"
Mojo,80,"The tunes here arent necessarily in a class with some of the material Bonamassa has recorded in past years, songs by blues giants like Willie Dixon or writers like John Hiatt and Tom Waits. But they suit the artist perfectly."
AllMusic,70,"Often, he returns to this revved-up blues--something that's more appealing when it boogies ('You Left Me Nothin' But the Bill and the Blues') than when it slams ('Distant Lonesome Train')--and while that anchors the bulk of the record, the moments that linger are the departures."
Record Collector,70,"There are slower, less effectual burners as well, but theres a raw authority not seen in his last couple of records; something that reinstates him as a gutsy rocker of flesh and bone, not just a virtuoso show pony."
Q Magazine,70,"Blues reveals itself to be a barnstorming triumph that channels Led Zep, Free, early Fleetwood Mac, Jeff Beck and even Dire Straits into something fresh and invigorating.
American Songwriter,[Apr 2016, p.70]"
AllMusic,60,"Blues Of Depression picks up from where that album [2014's Different Shades Of Blue] left off, allowing the fretboard wizard to demonstrate that he can write good tunes as well as produce a seemingly endless supply of molten solos. [May 2016, p.92]"

Classic Rock Magazine,90,"This is the best Americana album of the year. It reminds us all the way out here in 2016 that Blind Willie Johnsons songs are still alive, and there is no better way to pay tribute to one of the finest American artists who ever lived."
Uncut,80,"The album, which was funded by producer Jeffrey Gaskill through Kickstarter, is full of treats; and Johnson deserves 21st-century acknowledgement."
Mojo,80,"Thanks to this well-constructed compilation CD (including a very informative booklet), his legacy will be exposed to a new generation of musicians, and music fans."
Paste Magazine,80,"The disc, with its 20 page book of notes and details on Johnsons short life (he was 45 when he passed in 1947), is beautifully packaged, making this a wonderful and longtime gestating homage to one of Americas most treasured, if often overlooked, blues and gospel singers. But, at under 45 minutes, youre left wanting more."
The Telegraph (UK),75,"An understandable reverence prevails over most of these primarily straight-forward interpretations, but a handful dig a level deeper."
Blurt Magazine,70,"Like its predecessor, God Don't Never Change reflects the enduring, mercurial influence of the artist, but also the weight the Christian gospel imposes on questions of the human condition as it encounters suffering, joy, mercy, loneliness, death, and resurrection."
American Songwriter,70,"Williams finds the sweet spot between the blues and the gospel that Johnson so amazingly brought to his music. The other contributions showcase the everlasting value of Johnsons material."
Chicago Tribune,60,"Johnson recorded 30 songs between 1927 and 1930, and 11 are covered here by a curious, though often great, selection of artists. [Apr 2016, p.89]"
AllMusic,58,"A collection that leaves so much on the table in terms of possibility. Many of these selections are too on-the-nose, kowtowing to Johnsons legacy as though kneeling before his corpse at a wake."

PopMatters,80,"Simple pleasure delivered in style. [Apr 2016, p.107]"
Mojo,80,"This is more than interpretation or retro-perfection. This is the real deal that will kick your butt right out onto the dance floor and free your mind while you still have time."
Pitchfork,80,"Again, the result is terrific with Hunter, band and producer in perfect harmony. [Mar 2016, p.92]"
Q Magazine,80,"It's an absolute belter if you like your R'n'B raw, red-blooded and defiantly vintage. [Mar 2016, p.75]"
PopMatters,80,"Hold On! provides the best evidence yet that he and his band can find more rhythmic, harmonic, and dynamic paths to explore inside the well of musical history."
Mojo,80,"The ten taut songs sashay by in just over a half hour ensuring nothing overstays its welcome and everyone leaves with a smile as goofy and frisky as Austin Powers looking for a shag."
Uncut,80,"Hunter keeps on doing what he does, and on Hold On! hes doing it as well as he ever has."
AllMusic,80,"Hold On! sounds utterly effortless: an effervescent streak of soul, bossa nova and rumba tunes."

American Songwriter,85,"You might not speak Spanish, but great music is universal and this, is unequivocally that."
Boston Globe,80,"Culturally rich, and instantly identifiable as excellent, this one's an extra-hot essential. [Mar 2016, p.97]"
Classic Rock Magazine,70,"These are not so much conventional songs but something much looser and akin to sun-parched jams."
Austin Chronicle,70,"It's a filthy, fun blend of stripped-back rock'n'roll, punctuated by zombie seventh chords, rasped blues vocals and an Old World punkish intensity. [Feb 2016, p.75]"
The Line of Best Fit,60,"The Andalucian trio's fourth album was recorded live to eight track tape and you can tell: the arrangements are raw, the production barely there, the sound an abrasive, all-consuming clatter. It's an elementary mix but there's a blackened spirituality within its shadows."
Mojo,60,"With Pedro de Dios Barcelo's vocals so Andalusian-accented even other Spaniards have trouble following. No Matter: their readiness to rumble transcends such trifles. [Feb 2016, p.111]"
Classic Rock Magazine,60,"Its not that its bad, by any means, more that music that depends so much on charismatic performance for impact doesnt really translate to the studio."

Uncut,80,"This second effort even has the edge on 2012's The Light The Dead See, with an extra-dazzling cinematic sweep to its orchestration, a poleaxing depth to its existential sorrows and a fabulously redemptive uplift in the climatic My Sun. [Dec 2015, p.107]"
The Skinny,80,"Powerful and affecting, this is as good as anything Gahan has done in the last 25 years."
Q Magazine,70,"The two entities continue their tear-jerking relationship on this year's Angels and Ghosts. Once again, Gahan has turned himself inside out on these songs."
The Guardian,70,"Whereas The Light the Dead See was a simple addition of Gahan's lyrics to the Soulsavers' music, this is a fully cohesive collaboration, with both artists sharing songwriting credits on all songs."
Q Magazine,70,"The schmaltz only sometimes gets the better of them ('The Last Time' drags after the somber 'Lately'). Gahan has always sounded like a complex individual with Depeche Mode, but on this set, he sounds set free."
The Observer (UK),60,"Angels & Ghosts wont draw you in immediately and it does contain several lumbering, repetitive tracks that neither move nor entertain. But after a few listens, you may begin to see the light."
Under The Radar,60,"Angels & Ghosts is in many ways accomplished and often very pretty. But its pretty in the way of a postcard, and Gahans been around long enough and been through enough to warrant something deeper."
AllMusic,60,"It's a muscular and alluringly saturnine record with a vintage sheen, which occasionally tilts at the Bad Seeds but sounds more like a wracked Richard Hawley. [Dec 2015, p.71]"
Rolling Stone,60,"For Gahan, Angels & Ghosts is another opportunity to repeat his therapeutic cycle of guilt-shedding and redemption. [Dec 2015, p.88]"
Record Collector,60,"Angels & Ghosts default position is the doom-laden, mid-paced ballad. Gahan sings with unsparing emotional commitment against Soulsavers canvas of gospel-tinged backing vocals, ghostly organ and big minor chords."
PopMatters,57,"Angels & Ghosts isn't a bad record, but it's frustratingly tepid."
Uncut,50,"Plodding, overwrought gospel epics like Shine and Tempted are the order of the day, pale passionless shadows of the Modes mighty, desperate Condemnation.... Things improve on the starker latter half."

Mojo,80,"Sometimes troubling, frequently joyous, and always articulate and thoroughly individual, Son Little's cross-genre shape-shifting reveals more compelling nuances with each listen, and this is one of the most interesting and rewarding debuts of 2015."
The Guardian,80,"His voice of loss is shrouded in inventive production. [Dec 2015, p.74]"
Pitchfork,70,"Many of the songs are beat heavy, but he also just takes up the acoustic guitar and sings by himself (mostly) when it fits the mood of the song. What ties the diverse material together is the fluid sound of his voice."
Classic Rock Magazine,70,"His self-titled debut on Anti- Records requires several listens before it comes into focus as a shape-shifting exploration of identity both personal and universal."
AllMusic,60,"His self-titled debut falls a little short, but Son Little has potential. [Dec 2015, p.89]"

Uncut,90,"Theres not a weak track in the dozen making this another candidate for blues release of the year from brothers who almost never got to play another note together. Making up for lost time never sounded so good."
PopMatters,80,"If Dave and Phil Alvin want to crank out an album like Lost Time every year until the sun finally sets on them, no one who loves blues and roots music would have any room to complain."
Boston Globe,80,"Whether the brothers suggestively croon about love or chastely celebrate the afterlife, play down and dirty or cleanly pick out the notes, they manage to joyfully make up for the missing years."
Mojo,80,"The Alvins' follow-up [to Common Ground] is highly expansive in a focused way. [Oct 2015, p.69]"
American Songwriter,80,"Picking up from last years Big Bill Broonzy tribute Common Ground, here the Alvins run riot on another covers set."
AllMusic,80,"Phil's voice is fierce, Dave is warm and the band masterly. [Oct 2015, p.93]"
PopMatters,60,"An eccentric take on Please, Please, Please is maybe surplus to requirements, but the rest is lean and lithe."
Uncut,60,"Dave and Phil both play guitar and sing, and are on driving, cheerfully gutsy form."

Classic Rock Magazine,91,"Less flashy than his debut, but in pulling back on the guitar heroics, he galvanizes his genre-jumping, to."
Mojo,89,"By sidestepping guitar herodom, The Story of Sonny Boy Slim stakes out territory Gary Clark Jr. can proudly call his own."
Record Collector,80,"He shows off his instrumental chops. [Nov 2015, p.106]"
The Guardian,80,"Its still early to throw accolades like visionary around but aspects of Clarks music encourage that reaction. This music sets me free, he continues on Healing, and its likely to have the same effect on you."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Its great that Clarks new songs separate themselves from genre restrictions. But,  in the end, its the way he feels his strings that ends up touching us so deeply."
Austin Chronicle,80,"This music declares that Clark is one artist who will see to it that the blues does indeed have a future, which is what makes him important and Sonny Boy Slim a serious leap forward from Blak and Blu."
Q Magazine,70,"Clark's biggest triumph is in managing to splice his previous influences together in a cohesive and pleasing manner."
American Songwriter,70,"Plurality is the key to Clark Jr's appeal here. It also has to be said that this is a pretty safe, porous realm in which soul, hip-hop, Princely funk and ringing electric blues feed into one another. [Nov 2015, p.73]"
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),70,"It's a pleasant surprise to hear that he's capable of so much more."
AllMusic,67,"With a new dose of narrative flow, his second record keeps tighter boundaries than his first. Its less adventurous but more driven, with sharper eyes on the road."
Clash Music,60,"[A] mix of old themes and new forms. [Nov 2015, p.96]"
Uncut,60,"The playing never stumbles, though the writing occasionally does."
Exclaim,60,"While hes well served by the rugged immediacy of the mix--make no mistake, its an improvement--his songwriting lags noticeably behind his musical prowess. And he sings much of the album on falsetto, a thin part of his vocal range."
Consequence of Sound,60,"It grows with listens, and at its best (as on Hold On), Clarks guitar/soul-beat fusion is smooth and stylish. But some of it is just (whisper it) a bit boring."

Mojo,80,"Another excellent studio album of all-new material."
Rolling Stone,70,"If you're a fan, you need to grab this one."
The New York Times,70,"Mayalls own songs are self-reflective, particularly Aint No Guarantees and the title track. And while his voice increasingly betrays his age his Hammond and piano playing has lost none of its vigour."
Classic Rock Magazine,70,"No surprises, no classic, but a warm and well-produced set. [Oct 2015, p.78]"
Record Collector,60,"There's a synergy and rapport in the set's dozen tracks that reveals how deeply the new band has gelled with Mayall. [Oct 2015, p.88]"

AllMusic,80,"Atmospheric, heart-rendering and infused with myriad old souls, Imaginary Man is a richly dramatic, poignant singer-songwriter opus. [Sep 2015, p.71]"
Classic Rock Magazine,70,"Imaginary Man presents Baxter and his material in a manner that's vividly passionate and a little swampy while avoiding cliches as he offers these sketches on life and love in the American South; it's a big step forward for Baxter, and will hopefully help him gain the audience he deserves."
Uncut,70,"Mostly, Imaginary Man sounds like Baxter composing a conscious push to the mainstream. Its just that his previous, strange, and wanderlusting alter-ego seems to capture more curiosity."
Mojo,55,"All in all, Imaginary Man is a bit like an early afternoon festival set: a perfectly pleasant, though ultimately forgettable, prelude to something better best enjoyed while lubricating for the headliners with beer."

Uncut,80,"This largely autobiographical follow-up uses Guy's musician friends more wisely. [Oct 2015, p.91]"
AllMusic,80,"It's best appreciated not as a legend's lap of honour, but for itself. [Sep 2015, p.75]"
Paste Magazine,80,"He may be surrounded by famous friends, but Guy dominates every song."
The Line of Best Fit,70,"He decided to rock out at every subsequent opportunity, so that mass audiences understood and acknowledged the founding role of bluesmen in rock. This album might be considered a further step in that direction."
Mojo,70,"Guy co-wrote just four songs here, but he sings and solos with reliable ferocity."
Uncut,60,"Buddy Guy serves up a straight-ahead platter with Born to Play Guitar, his 28th studio album."

The Guardian,90,"Overall, Ashes And Dust is undeniable proof of Warren Haynes' growth as a songwriter and an affirmation of his continuing successful eclecticism."
Classic Rock Magazine,80,"Someone most widely known by a wide margin for his work as a rocker, Haynes shows off his Americana side in just as seamlessly great a manner as he had any other performance in the past. In doing so, he simultaneously proves his prowess as a competent musician given any platform to toy with, and that labels in the first place might just be rather confounded."
Rolling Stone,80,"Its not just quantity that makes this such a successful pairing. Haynes and Railroad Earth work beautifully together to create primarily unplugged music that is as driven, passionate and meticulously crafted as anything either has done on their own."
AllMusic,70,"Ashes & Dust is a worthy and welcome addition to Haynes' catalog."

Exclaim,80,"Nothing takes the place of Muddys performances with their emotional intensity and mind blowing musicality. But this heartfelt project makes a terrific reminder of just how great these songs are, unearths interesting, seldom heard Muddy sides even fans might not know and works as both a tribute to the legendary blues man and an impetus to go back and experience the originals."
PopMatters,80,"It offers a crisp and worthy glimpse of a giant."
American Songwriter,70,"John Primer channels his inner Mud convincingly, but youll be peering past him at the A-list band."
AllMusic,60,"Some tracks, like 'Got My Mojo Working' (a vocal duet with Shemekia Copeland), smolder without catching fire. Others, like a drum-looped 'Mannish Boy,' spark by breaking tradition. All testify to the eternal flame of a master--the original rollin' stone."

American Songwriter,90,"If the songwriting at times falls into cliche, the performances--passionate, eloquent, spilling over with regal harmonies--are anything but. [Jul 2015, p.72]"
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),80,"Gorgeously recorded and mixed by Guip, Larry Campbell & Teresa Williams is 44 minutes of roots music gold."
Classic Rock Magazine,80,"Hearing this collection, countless Americana fans will understandably wonder why we have waited so long for this duo to commit themselves to record."
Rolling Stone,70,"Its a more countrified album, with the two singers, partners by marriage, often harmonizing in a rough blend. Things work best when Ms. Williams takes the lead."

Uncut,80,"[Bachman] offers a pretty good idea of where he's coming from. If it sometimes feels like the stream of America pimitivist fingerpicking artists is neverending, Bachman does at least apply his digits to a variety of instruments. [May 2015, p.56]"
AllMusic,80,"River is not only the work of a master guitarist, but also that of a sophisticated composer. Bachman's confidence in interpreting his own musical ideas on the fretboard is now equal to his skill in playing the lineage music that inspires him."
PopMatters,80,"It is the first album he ever recorded in a studio, and both the clarity of the recording and the precision of the performances betray considerable effort spent getting it right."
The New York Times,77,"River runs so well as a unit that, unless youre able to spot the tunes or sleuth the liner notes, you likely wont detect that Bachman didnt even write two of these numbers."
The Wire,70,"River is deeply embedded in a historical continuum. [Jun 2015, p.71]"

AllMusic,80,"Overall, Beck's playing is by turns exquisitely dainty and jaw-droppingly unhinged. [Jul 2015, p.86]"
Dusted Magazine,70,"Jimmy Hall's vocals are unremarkable, but it barely matters; it's a guitar album and Beck still sounds as innovative and virtuosic as anyone. [Jul 2015, p.71]"
Pitchfork,60,"Beck isn't so much interested in resurrecting specific songs from his career as he is in revisiting particular styles and moods"
Uncut,40,"So dreadful are these two [additional] recordings that they bring down all of the preceding several notches simply through their having been included on the same album."

Mojo,80,"This is killer stuff, with Randolph providing a supply of unbelievable sacred steel licks. [Jul 2015, p.92]"
Uncut,80,"All these years on, Soul Food may sound as revolutionary as its predecessor, but it is stronger and far more adventurous musically."
AllMusic,80,"Its a catalog of strengths, a romp through sacred steel music, blues and Southern soul that often sounds as if it could have been recorded in heated performance."
PopMatters,70,"The Word pick up where they left off on their 2001 self-titled debut. [Jun 2015, p.84]"
Mojo,70,"The mostly original songs capture the gospel spirit in ballads (The Highest), funk (Speaking in Tongues), New Orleans second line (Soul Food ll) and driving blues rock (Play All Day) that will satisfy existing fans of any of the participants and win over some new ones too."

AllMusic,80,"Much of the material is standard heavy fare, based around familiar riffs and embellished with solos that blaze momentarily. [Jun 2015, p.89]"
The New York Times,60,"Its easy to like but, ultimately, easy to forget too."
Uncut,60,"Resolute if hardly revolutionary form. [Jun 2015, p.96]"
American Songwriter,60,"Recorded their solo over a finished mix, which explains the presence of the late Jeff Healey and also how the guitarists don't necessarily seem fully integrated into the album. Nevertheless, that disconnect is ultimately a minor point because there's a gonzo energy to Bachman's originals."
Mojo,60,"The outcome is a raucous, rough-and-tumble blues-rock album. [Jun 2015, p.71]"

Record Collector,80,"This second collection of mostly covers after 2013's Memphis embraces some of the best music of his career. [Jun 2015, p.111]"
Classic Rock Magazine,80,"These 12 songs map out a concise history of American soul, with a heavy dose of New Orleans strut."
AllMusic,80,"A Fool To Care has scarcely a weak note. [May 2015, p.90]"
Uncut,80,"One great pleasure that comes from listening to this album are the choices that Scaggs made in songs to cover, songs from R&B, soul, and country, any of which might pick up rhythms from jazz or Cajun music."
Q Magazine,80,"Clearly, Boz is back, and at age 70, hes never sounded so assured."
Rolling Stone,80,"This fine album could have been recorded at any time in the past 60 years, yet also could only have been recorded by this particular man at this particular stage of his career. [May 2015, p.107]"
Mojo,80,"Whether singing new or old songs, he presents them in the moment as living, breathing entities. He remains a song interpreter who has few--if any--peers."
PopMatters,80,"His calm, ageless voice is perfect for this material and its clear hes in his element on 13 songs that capture and condense the essence of his Americana blues, soul and country influences."
Blurt Magazine,80,"Boz and co get under the skin of consistently evocative songs from the likes of Curtis Mayfield, Bobby Charles, Al Green and Bobby Charles. [May 2015, p.80]"

Classic Rock Magazine,100,"Bouquets from a Cloudy Sky is a fitting celebration of a band that, 50 years after the release of their debut, remain utterly unrepentant. [Mar 2015, p.107]"
AllMusic,90,"Their story is one of the great oversights of rock'n'roll and it's a joy to see it curated with such care. [Apr 2015, p.106]"
American Songwriter,90,"The whole bloody history of England's greatest cult act unfolds, rendering obscurity ultimately noble and rewarding. [No. 118, p.61]"
Uncut,90,"Bouquets from a Cloudy Sky vividly illustrates what a wild ride those 50 years were."
Mojo,80,"Its astonishing that they managed to come up with several of the most thrilling pieces of primal UK RnB, before going on to invent the rock opera, following one of the more creatively intriguing examples of 60s pops transition from mod to psychedelia."
Classic Rock Magazine,80,"The acid test for long-term fans is how good the two bonus discs are. They shouldnt be disappointed."
Magnet,80,"The Pretties were impatient modernists, carrying that blues zeal to psychedelia (1967's 'Defecting Grey'), rock opera (ahead of the Who, on 1968's S.F. Sorrow) and progressive rock (1970's Parachute) with spectacular if commercially dire results. This grand box takes that tale, across 11 studio albums and a feast of extras, up to the present day."

AllMusic,70,"JJ Grey and Mofro provide a connection to the past and a time when talent and tenacity moved the music forward. Hallelujah for Ol Glory. Its a prime example of what genuine Americana ought to emulate."
Uncut,70,"It's on those spiritual slowies that this crew rakes the biggest steps to creating the 21st-century southern masterpiece they are obviously capable of. [Mar 2015, p.94]"
Record Collector,60,"Too many other tracks have one too many verses, could have used bridges, or been left off altogether. Ol' Glory may reveal a bigger, more multi-dimensional sound for Grey and Mofro, but at what price progress?"
Rolling Stone,50,"Grey and his bands drive, energy and enthusiasm go a long way to selling this music but at nearly an hour the effect is diluted. Leaving a handful of the weakest cuts in the vaults and honing the best parts from some of the others would have resulted in a stronger outing."
PopMatters,40,"It's an accomplished production--but an unambitious production, a reluctance to soar. [Apr 2015, p.102]"

Classic Rock Magazine,100,"A brilliant tribute album, showcasing properly Lead Belly's cultural legacy."
AllMusic,100,"Another 50 years down the line, it is a truly transformative experience to listen to these old, mysterious songs with fresh ears. You can hear antecedents of everyone from Dylan to Mumford, sure, but what is all the more exciting, as these 100+ songs pile up, is the sensation of access to a voice at once ancient and full of life."
American Songwriter,100,"Its remarkable for its power, freshness and range."
Q Magazine,90,"The Smithsonian Folkways Collection is a five-disc box set that represents the first attempt to offer a career-spanning overview of the career of a giant of American music, including 108 tracks, 16 of which see their first release on this collection."
The Telegraph (UK),90,"[A] lovingly curated set. [No. 119, p.57]"
Exclaim,90,"For all of the gussy rhythms--which can stop just this side of overly cute--and legit power, theres real subtlety at work, too, and in unlikely spots."
The Guardian,90,"The first three discs of The Smithsonian Folkways Collection are as fine a retrospective as you can find for Lead Belly, showcasing the diversity of his repertoire and the precision of his playing and singing. What distinguishes this collection is its scope."
AllMusic,80,"Essential not only for fans of roots music but anyone who cares about how it shaped rock. [Apr 2015, p.116]"

Magnet,100,"The result is the gorgeous Tomorrow is My Turn, which shows off the full singing range and power of the frontwoman for innovative string-band trio the Carolina Chocolate Drops."
Boston Globe,90,"Everything works on Tomorrow Is My Turn, an album that heralds the arrival of a major American artist."
Pitchfork,80,"Turn is a haunting, often painfully beautiful example of how songs that may seem dead and buried can sublimely rise from the grave."
Q Magazine,80,"Raw and skiffly as you'd expect. [Apr 2015, p.95]"
The Telegraph (UK),80,"Giddens emulates her forebears with reverence and assurance."
PopMatters,80,"This is Americana in its purest form, where gospel, folk, blues, soul, and Celtic melodies all make sense on the same album when interpreted by a dexterous vocalist and multi-instrumentalist of Giddenss caliber."
Spin,80,"The combination of Burnettes characteristically genuine, acoustic based production, Giddens sumptuous voice and a conceptual set list that never feels musty, yields a wonderful album whose restrained pleasures reveal themselves gradually over repeated playings."
Mojo,80,"Her easy, welcoming touch is a balm every time Tomorrow Is My Turn is played, but it's upon successive spins that the intricacies of Giddens' construction--not to mention her subtle political messages--begin to take hold."
Blurt Magazine,80,"Thirty-something mother-of-two Giddens's versatility is breath-taking. [Mar 2015, p.108]"
Boston Globe,80,"The bull horn power of Odetta and Bessie Smiths sly blues are other touchstones on an agile, emotional record."
American Songwriter,80,"The exceptionally well-curated material is all drawn from women singers--if not always women writers--and does a fine job of placing Giddens at the nexus of a multiplicity of traditions. [Mar 2015, p.79]"
AllMusic,70,"Most of the time, as on a soulful version of Patsy Cline's 'She's Got You,' Giddens imbues these classics with a freshness and vitality that feel right at home in 2015."

Q Magazine,80,"Garwood sounds like he's found whatever he's been blindly searching for. [Apr 2015, p.99]"
The Observer (UK),80,"This music has an antique heart and, instead of having lots of modern crap plastered on top of it, it has been lovingly restored."
Uncut,80,"It's a journey worth taking with him. [Mar 2014, p.95]"
Rolling Stone,80,"In sum, Heavy Love is all of a piece: slow, slippery, jungly. It is easily the most confident, fully realized album in his catalog to date, and his most poetic to boot."
Classic Rock Magazine,80,"With Heavy Love Garwood has created not so much an album as a sonic dream. While you're in it, it's visceral and poignant, but once you're awake it's hard to recall the details, the lyrics, or one song from another (except perhaps the title track)."
The 405,80,"Heavy Love is a supremely self-confident record. [Mar 2015, p.85]"
Mojo,80,"The second half of the record (this is Garwoods fifth solo album) sees him abandon the more accessible melodies for a sprawling, stripped-back sound that can be just as foreboding as track titles such as Hawaiian Death Song suggest."
AllMusic,80,"There is a new and penetrating heat haze to these reverberating songs."
The Quietus,60,"Heavy Love is a fine, if ultimately inessential, summation of what Garwood does best."
Uncut,60,"Clearly, Heavy Love isnt the emotional grab bag that the title suggests, but regardless, its an affecting effort that leaves a lingering impression."
The Guardian,60,"Garwood's gruff whisper can't touch Lanegan's death rattle, but it lets him slip in the odd love song without sounding like he's sketching a suicide pact. [Mar 2015, p.106]"

The Observer (UK),80,"Storytone presents the same 10 songs twice: compellingly naked save for a guitar or ukulele, then dressed to kill in Hollywood strings and big band brass. [Dec 2014, p.119]"
musicOMH.com,80,"The vocals hold just enough honest rough spots to celebrate, everywhere else, the purity and committed fragility of Mr. Youngs voice, which is high and clear, even though hell be 69 on Nov. 12."
PopMatters,80,"The orchestrations also let us focus on Young as a pure singer, rather than as a holistic musician. And hes a remarkably effective one. In his aged, spindly whine lies a world of emotion."
Q Magazine,80,"Many of these songs convey a querulous romance, but while the orchestra a chocolatey smoothness to the sound that renders emotional complexity glossy and neat."
Q Magazine,70,"Hes crafted a tender and often forlorn eco-treatise."
The New York Times,70,"The songs on Storytone glide between those highs and lows with very few false moves, making this one stylistic detour that takes Neil Young very close to his artistic home."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),70,"Certainly, the most innovative thing about Storytone is its presentation, with each of the albums 10 songs recorded in acoustic and fully orchestrated versions."
The Guardian,70,"The choral refrain of the title hook, meanwhile, imposes collectivity on the query--just about the only time on the whole of Storytone that the horizon stretches further than Neil's emotional backyard. [Dec 2014, p.79]"
New Musical Express (NME),70,"When he calls the 92-piece orchestra in, the results are mixed."
American Songwriter,60,"Super-smooth strings, bluesy stomps and immense righteousness are crammed into this varied, if oddly disparate selection. [Feb 2015, p.98]"
Paste Magazine,60,"Sheer vastness occasionally swamps the pained intimacy of Young's vocals and open-heart songs of regret, nostalgia and reflection. [Dec 2014, p.88]"
Uncut,60,"Nothing here is going to become a live-show staple, but after an underwhelming covers album earlier this year, fans will be pretty happy with this solid collection of original works."
Exclaim,60,"Young's scratchy vocal fails to complement its exquisitely cinematic orchestration until the final two lines show a fleshed-out poignancy. It's the same, too, with his blues performances.... At times, though, Young and his many collaborators do gel."
Classic Rock Magazine,60,"As Storytone goes on, a pink-umbrella cocktail of vulnerability, bravery and Disney, it becomes engrossing--car-crash listening, even."
Mojo,60,"Its a long way from the rocker's angry persona, but hes always had a soppy side. Sometimes the lyrics are also sloppy."
NOW Magazine,60,"By delivering this big, sloppy valentine to everything he is and everything he loves, he's not being neat but he is true to himself."
Billboard.com,60,"Sometimes it sounds like a deathly serious joke. Other times, it sounds like nothing more than a nicely produced notion that happened to cross his mind one day."
The Observer (UK),50,"Sure, these mirrored LPs--10 songs given lavish orchestral arrangements and also offered as solo performances on a bonus disc--might be stronger as one cherry-picked set of unrepeated songs. But it wouldn't be half as interesting."
The Telegraph (UK),50,"You can admire its uncompromising spirit, but you can just as easily loathe its saccharine sound. After hearing some of these songs live in their acoustic forms, its jarring to see how Young has neutered them on record.... The albums saving grace is its deluxe edition, which presents all 10 songs in stripped-down, intimate settings that allow you to savor and bask in their beauty."
AllMusic,50,"The orchestral Storytone comes off as a showy distraction. It's best ignored. Head for the acoustic version instead, which contains a handful of Young's better recent songs, syrup-free."
PopMatters,50,"Even though Storytone's gloppy Disney-movie strings and half-assed singing can be trying to sit through at times, the extent to which Young is willing to go to avoid resting on his laurels and making Even Longer After the Gold Rush is admirable. Namely, making an album that features almost none of the musical tropes listeners associate with Neil Youngor rock music in general."
Rolling Stone,48,"Despite the dual versions, Storytone never finds a comfortable middle ground: the orchestral versions too maudlin, the solo versions over-sharing."
Boston Globe,42,"Besides his inflexibly skeletal vocals being an awkward fit for a full orchestra --his phrasing has a hard time keeping up with the loose, big band swing of Say Hello to Chicago--some of his clunky lyrics become even clunkier when taken out of a more hushed, intimate setting."
Chicago Tribune,40,"Storytones deluxe edition carries an extra disc of solo takes: mostly Young and ukulele. Its more palatable, but perhaps doesnt reveal any more depth to the material."
Slant Magazine,40,"Listeners are best advised to head directly to disc two and regard the set with strings as a curiosity and an example of eccentric experimentation best left on the shelf."
Pitchfork,25,"If A Letter Home worked to privilege and highlight songwriting tools like melody and lyricism, Storytone does the opposite, overwhelming any inherent heart or soul in Youngs original compositions."

Consequence of Sound,100,"This set is a fine reminder of his magnificent legacy of film work."
Record Collector,90,"This set is a good primer for Cooders soundtrack work."
Blurt Magazine,80,"Cooder has history in his brain, veins and fingertips as well as a gift for sound collage. [Nov 2014, p.109]"
The A.V. Club,80,"Soundtracks is a thorough introduction to Cooder at the movies, essential for fans and film buffs."
The Telegraph (UK),70,"Each of these albums is full of Cooder's superb, goose pimple-inducing guitar work and rich musical thinking, but given how impressive his film work has been, Soundtracks is a fine collection but ultimately something of a disappointment."

Uncut,88,"Very much a step forward from last years The Coming Tide, Everlasting Arms is a sterling effort from an artist who fully understands who he is and what he is and is absolutely loving every minute of it."
Mojo,80,"Luke Winslow-King may sound like a gentleman on Everlasting Arms, but one listen to this album will convince you that when it comes to music, nice guys really can finish first."
PopMatters,70,"Themes of love and wild ways crop up throughout, lyrically operating in the same vein as a well-researched period piece, careful with each detail yet functioning with the benefit of hindsight and, perhaps most significantly, the aid of modern technology."
AllMusic,60,"At 29, Winslow-King clearly has a bright future ahead of him, but Everlasting Arms shows hes come a long way already."

Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),89,"Freed from slick production, Clark plays to his many strengths."
AllMusic,80,"It's the glowering six-minute stormcloud of Numb that steals the show here. [Dec 2014, p.103]"
PopMatters,80,"An already terrific disc is put over the top by a handful of tour de forces."
Blurt Magazine,80,"This release buys Clark some time to rene his studio vision of modern blues. It also shows that wherever he chooses to go from here, he has what it takes to get there."
Austin Chronicle,80,"This double-disc live album, recorded during a 18-month-long tour in 2013 and 2014, reveals a clearer and more in-focus look at what Clark offers than Blak and Blu does."
Classic Rock Magazine,60,"At times, you wish hed push up the speed--thrashing out blues-rock in the frenzied 60s and 70s tradition. But by todays timid standards, this burns."

PopMatters,80,"It's unequivocally the guitarist's most cohesive and satisfying artistic statement yet. [Oct 2014, p.91]"
Rolling Stone,80,"Bonamassas given us a strong and mature record that will send guitarists to the woodshed and have more casual listeners reeling at its strong sense of the melodic and deep appreciation for the almighty groove."
AllMusic,70,"If you won and love other recent Bonamassa records you know what to expect and won't be disappointed. But for more casual listeners, the big-band approach may grow a bit overwrought and leave you hankering for those no-frills Rory Gallagher albums. [Oct 2014, p.90]"
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),70,"Best yet and then some from an artist whose vision continues to expand with every release. [Oct 2014, p.68]"
Mojo,70,"The problem here, though, is that with the exception of the above songs ['Love Ain't a Love Song,' 'Oh Beautiful!,' 'Never Give All Your Heart,' and 'Trouble Town'], and maybe one or two others, the songs on Different Shades of Blue shade toward the generic side of things, and no matter how wonderful and gorgeous the guitar tones may be, it's hard to make a generic song sing memorably."

PopMatters,80,"Trouble is a typically tender, casually contemplative, occasionally tearful goodbye. [Nov 2014, p.72]"
Classic Rock Magazine,80,"All That We Have Is Now sets the tone for a casually stately blend of happy-go-lucky tracks that build to the Little Feat-ish Never Forget to Boogie and the mock-bravado of Dont Be Shy."
Uncut,80,"Winchester wont be recording any more music, but he has left us with plenty of classics and undiscovered gems with this final one a wonderful example of his humble yet impressive gifts."
AllMusic,75,"His songs have been revered and recorded by scores of A-list rock, folk, country and pop acts, but rarely have his own versions ever been surpassed."
Uncut,70,"It's mindful of the past but stands happily in the present, and this release doesn't mourn the loss of a gifted songwriter and vocalist so much as it celebrates the joy he found in his music, and this album will bring a smile to anyone who loved Jesse Winchester's music."
Boston Globe,70,"This is another worthy addition to a wonderful discography from a genuine roots music hero."

American Songwriter,80,"It's a blazing set for a 70-year-old, but Winter gains traction from his fretboard duets/duels with Eric Clapton, Billy Gibbons, Joe Bonamassa, Joe Perry, Brian Setzer et al. [Oct 2014, p.80]"
Los Angeles Times,70,"Nothing here is innovative or particularly startling, though, but it's all solid, and it's comforting to know that Winter went out in peace with the blues and his legacy, and most importantly, without his skills diminishing."
AllMusic,67,"It's a star-studded epitaph of hits and misses."
Exclaim,60,"Step Back is better when Winter plays it straight. [Nov 2014, p.120]"
Uncut,60,"It's a parade of warhorses and they sometimes ride a little wearily, but Winter pepped their steps by four-handed guitar shootouts with Eric Clapton on Don't Want No Woman and Ben Harper in Can't Hold Out. [Oct 2014, p.91]"
AllMusic,60,"Unchallenging it may be, but 13 time-honoured blues classics played the Winter way is not an unattractive listen."
Austin Chronicle,60,"Winter's final album, Step Back, doesn't always match his early grit--The Johnny Winter Story box set, released earlier this year, is much richer."

Q Magazine,80,"This is not jazz for the purist but it is a heartfelt and entertaining tribute to one of the musical greats."
Mojo,80,"Though billed as a salute to Armstrong, Ske-Dat-De- Dat could more accurately be described as a celebration of Crescent City, the magic and wonder of the burg embraced to the max on a gloriously heartwarming Thats My Home."
Record Collector,80,"Its a feisty, dynamic hour long set that does what it sets out to: captures Armstrongs indefatigable spirit and keeps his music alive for a new generation."
Rolling Stone,80,"The concept here by Mac and co-producer/trombonist Sarah Morrow is terrific. [Sep 2014, p.88]"
The Telegraph (UK),80,"Louis Armstrong may have provided the raw material for Ske-Dat-De-Dat: The Spirit of Satch, but make no mistake: this is a Dr. John LP through-and-through. As it should be."
Record Collector,79,"Dr. John shows us the scope of Satchmos influence, how the early American music that he pioneered has blossomed into a multi-faceted music that still has his soul at its center."
American Songwriter,70,"None of them is a complete dud--Sandovals red-hot soloing saves Tight Like That--they just feel like they belong on different albums. Had they been pruned, Ske-Dat-De-Dat really would have been a dream tribute to Satchmo."
Mojo,70,"Though a couple of cuts fall short of the mark, and the set may have a few too many guests, Ske-Dat-De-Dat is a solid tribute to Armstrong. It does take chances and almost always pulls them off thanks to Dr. John's signature blend of musical imagination, wit, and savvy cool."
Blurt Magazine,60,"Inventive arrangements and a strong supporting cast including Bonnie Raitt and the Blind Boys of Alabama mean these gumbo variations on obscurities and super-club standards come with added spice. [Oct 2014, p.108]"
Paste Magazine,50,"There's no doubt that Skee-Dat-De-Dat...Spirit of Satch is a project of love, but by the closing stages there's no getting away from it; the album is a bit of a... drag."
PopMatters,50,"Its cumbersome and overstuffed, even if some of its moments are keepers."

AllMusic,80,"It's lush, grown-up, thoughtful, funny and very good. [Sep 2014, p.93]"
Q Magazine,80,"Produced by Doug Lancio, the lead guitarist in the Combo, Mr. Hiatts fine backing band, Terms of My Surrender has a relaxed and rawboned sound, credibly rooted in live performance."
Drowned In Sound,80,"The result is a warm, generally introspective but far from musty set that revels in predominantly acoustic material sung with Hiatts increasingly gruff, whiskeyed voice."
The New York Times,80,"He sings most of the songs in a lower register than usual, and does so well. This record does not lack authenticity."
Classic Rock Magazine,80,"Hiatt sounds throughout as if gargling a box of frogs in some eternal late-night New Orleans backroom. And it's glorious. [Aug 2014, p.90]"
The New York Times,80,"This is one old timer who's still in his prime. [Aug 2014, p.72]"
American Songwriter,80,"All compensate in quality for what they lack in originality. [Aug 2014, p.107]"
PopMatters,80,"The results are very pleasing indeed, from the mean faith-bating blues of Face Of God to the howling prairie wisdom of Wind Dont Have To Hurry, the nononsense declaration of love, Marlene, to the hobo jazz of the title track."
Mojo,70,"On Terms of my Surrender, Hiatt has the blues, and he's got the goods, and this is another solid chapter in a recording career that's drifted into an unexpected but pleasing renaissance."
Uncut,60,"The playing crackles with live-in-studio spontaneity and Hiatt emerges a hard-travellin' hero."
Q Magazine,60,"If, after four decades, Terms of My Surrender appears to take a change of tune, in Hiatts hands its a winning formula regardless."
Record Collector,58,"A couple of the blues songs (Here to Stay, for instance) blend into the scenery and are soon forgotten, but the only real clunkers are the lighter fare, Marlene and Old People, which feel forced and unable to balance out the albums darker moments."

AllMusic,90,"The results are spectacular. [Jul 2014, p.66]"
The Observer (UK),80,"The Alvins dont tamper with Broonzys basic template, and truth be told, their feisty renditions of All By Myself, Key to the Highway, Big Bill Blues and practically every other song on this set sound as if theyre of a vintage variety."
Blurt Magazine,80,"Swinging , both fleet-footed and fingered, and bursting with humour and joy, the brothers ball the jack on what is perhaps their best album yet. [Jul 2014, p.101]"
Consequence of Sound,80,"Common Ground has the pluck and swing of a porch pickin party, with the Alvins swapping licks and vocals on a number of Broonzy classics."
Uncut,80,"Common Ground isn't 'The Return of the Alvin Brothers' so much as a joyous continuation of the mission they launched when the Blasters first hit the stage in 1979, and if they're a little older and craggier in 2014, they clearly know how to make this stuff rock, and this is a modest triumph for one of roots rock's most fascinating partnerships."
Blurt Magazine,80,"Its an easy-on-the-ear, hard-on-the-shoe-leather set."
Q Magazine,60,"Celebrating both Big Bill and the Alvins' shared boyhood, this genial collaboration throws a warm light on both. [Jul 2014, p.89]"

Boston Globe,80,"It's a nifty record: a double-edged throwback, evoking the singer/songwriters of the '60s but sounding like a different part of that decade, which is why its retro-ism winds up as invigorating."
AllMusic,80,"Deftly delivered and heartfelt, a career high. [Jul 2014, p.95]"
Record Collector,70,"His fourth album is leaner and meaner than 2010's A Train Bound For Glory. [Jul 2014, p.77]"
Mojo,60,"As ever there are reservations about Molinari's blase attitude to the second-hand song title, but it's still a solid, engaging set. [Jul 2014, p.111]"

AllMusic,80,"Hornet's Nest confirms that at the age of 64, he has an awful lot of life left in him."
Mojo,80,"This is an essential CD for both the serious and casual fan."
Uncut,60,"The material is uneven. [Jun 2014, p.95]"
Q Magazine,60,"Hornets Nest certainly contains some killer moments, but, sometimes the sting is not always obvious."

AllMusic,70,"Steve Dawsons fleet fingers, dexterity and sheer musicality make this a must for acoustic guitar aficionados and a treat for everyone else."
Blurt Magazine,70,"Elements of jazz, ragtime, blues, Hawaiian and folk are audible, but there's a consistent sonic thread throughout."
Mojo,60,"Recorded using vintage hardware, the guitar sound is as rich as tiramisu. [Jun 2014, p.95]"
PopMatters,60,"The result is tunes that are pleasant more often than arresting, tailor-made for playing quietly in the kitchen."
American Songwriter,60,"Dawsons agility is remarkable to say the least, and despite the lack of additional embellishment, the music comes across as rich and riveting."

Exclaim,80,"From His Head To His Heart To His Hands is a generally satisfying mix of milestones and rarities. [Mar 2014, p.100]"
Mojo,80,"From His Head to His Heart to His Hands shows that what Bloomfield did accomplish in his short life was not just sizeable but downright seismic."
NOW Magazine,80,"It's a must for any Bloomfield fan, and hopefully will open the gates to a renewed appreciation for this brilliant, manic, and groundbreaking guitarist."
Blurt Magazine,80,"Kooper did a good job of balancing the guitarists seminal material with worthy rarities."
Mojo,80,"'Hotshit player' doesn't begin to describe the underappreciated blues-rock figurehead, as this beautiful four-disc set makes clear."
American Songwriter,60,"This tribute has been a long timing coming, but it doesnt quite do justice to an artist whose integrity ultimately saw him turn his back on fame."

AllMusic,80,"Its a testament to how much Callahan has evolved that an album under his name can exist with his vocals largely absent. The productions have become as much of the imagery as his songwriting."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),80,"At its best, on Ride My Dub, Expanding Dub and Call It Dub, the results offer snatched glimpses of the eternal in the fleeting moment. Even better than its parent album."
Rolling Stone,75,"Though hardly essential for anyone but hardcore fans, it's a solid stab at the subgenre."
Record Collector,73,"At its best, Have Fun With God works well as an experiment and as a listening puzzle to work through."
Filter,70,"Even if Have Fun With God occasionally meanders or strips its source material back a little too far, its value lies in the way it extends the course of Dream River (which itself sounds like a continuation of Callahan's 2011 magnum opus, Apocalypse)"
The Independent (UK),70,"[The] mostly instrumental pieces point up the rich musical subtleties and contemplative mellowness of the originals. [Mar 2014, p.72]"
Los Angeles Times,70,"It makes me want to evaporate the self and distill it just as Callahan distilled Dream Rivers eight songs into these new amoeba-fluid, shape-shifting dub versions."
Pitchfork,65,"The end result is an album sure to be a curiosity for fans but likely to be lost on everyone else."
The Quietus,60,"Perhaps the most that can be said for Have Fun With God is that it is reverent of its exceptional source material."
Uncut,60,"If you want to hear the emphasis of some of Callahans most satisfyingly minimalist lyrics shift slightly in this foreign landscape, this is a keeper. Otherwise, its merely a cool, respectful diversion thats way better in practice than it looks on paper."
Paste Magazine,60,"As it is, Have Fun With God is never less than listenable but seldom more than vaguely pleasant. [Feb 2014, p.44]"
The Line of Best Fit,60,"As a standalone album, Have Fun With God doesn't totally compel--but as a companion to its source material, it's fascinating."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"While much of Have Fun with God will be reserved for Smog and Callahan superfans, or those who loved Dream River so deeply they'd need to hear it in dub, casual listeners will find something to ponder in the mumbling percussion, deep basslines, and scattershot echo vocals of tunes like 'Expanding Dub.'"
Record Collector,50,"On its own, its an interesting album that becomes torpid much too often. But when compared to Dream River, it completely crumbles."
The Wire,42,"Have Fun With God has greatest potential as nap music on long bus rides, but is otherwise only listenable in the context of its source material."
The Guardian,40,"Compared to Dream River, Have Fun with God sounds like a featureless expanse of echoing congas, with the artist occasionally rising from the depths to sing something that doesn't make sense."

AllMusic,90,"This is a spellbinding album by a singular guitarist who combines the dexterity of Paco De Lucia with the hypnotic death-drawl of Bukka White. [Oct 2013, p.51]"
PopMatters,90,"These songs are history, and have now become it again, renewed."
Pretty Much Amazing,80,"If the relationship to the original often seems tenuous, there's nothing abstract here: each note wrings something potent and direct from its origin. [Nov 2013, p.76]"
Slant Magazine,80,"Here he marmelises the American songbook, 99c cut-out standards mutilated and reanimated by Delta blues magick. [Nov 2013, p.89]"
The Wire,80,"A History Of Every One deposits its listener right up close, and seemingly the improvisations are adapted to take that into account."
Tiny Mix Tapes,78,"His restless style makes each piece sound three-dimensional, as shards of songs pass each other in a storm of string activity. It makes for exhilarating, sometimes exhausting listening. But it also makes for music that, though it hints at structure, never sounds predictable and rarely settles."

Uncut,90,"Hoodoo is spellbinding stuff, a new high mark in a delightful late-career renaissance. [Oct 2013, p.64]"
Mojo,80,"At 69 White has no need to prove himself, so be grateful he feels the desire to do it anyway. [Oct 2013, p.99]"
The Quietus,80,"At 70, he's still as intense and dangerous as all hell. [Oct 2013, p.95]"
Pitchfork,80,"From the heads down deliberation of Alligator, Mississippi to the teasing double entendre of Sweet Tooth, Whites music captures a particular time and place when pop and pretense werent necessarily intertwined."
Uncut,80,"A true original, at his very best."
Q Magazine,70,"The result: low-key mastery from a songwriting lifer. [Oct 2013, p.86]"
Mojo,70,"Stylistically, White may be a one-trick alligator, but it's a damn pleasing one."
Blurt Magazine,60,"As appealing as the lived-in, swampy jams are, there's a laziness that drifts throughout Hoodoo, apparent in the sauntering rhythms and Tony Joe's mush-mouthed vocals."

The Independent (UK),80,"No ones taking anything too seriously, but if this were a DVD it wouldnt be a surprise to see Ry flashing the biggest grin in the room."
Classic Rock Magazine,80,"The set list's rather obvious and the interstitial chat goes on a bit, but the heart of the man is there to be heard."
Exclaim,80,"For those who've longed for the return of his immediate, loose, warm, live recordings, Live at the Great American Music Hall is where it's at."
AllMusic,80,"Ultimately, while not preferable to seeing a live Cooder performance in person, Live In San Francisco is a terrific encapsulation of an unlikely, remarkable career, one that has surprisingly only gotten stronger as Cooder has gotten older."
Record Collector,60,"An oddly uneven set. [Nov 2013, p.67]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),60,"Cooder requires considerable forces to realise his amalgams of blues, rock, folk, reggae and Mexican music,  and here his band is expanded by the extraordinary, shrill horns of the 10-piece La Banda Juvenil."
AllMusic,60,"Its that free-flowing vibe that helps make this seem more like an overdue reunion for the home town crowd as much as any attempt at a polished performance."

musicOMH.com,80,"Stills vocal limitations, brought on through age and hearing loss, are well known by now. But in this looser environment they are almost an asset as he spits out lyrics with joyful abandon."
Uncut,70,"A homage to the alchemical combination of Stills, the late Mike Bloomfield and Blood, Sweat And Tears keyboardist Al Kooper, it has all the hallmarks of a venture guided by pure nostalgia. However, on Can't Get enough, Stills, largely pulls it off. [Aug 2013, p.84]"
The Independent (UK),70,"Yeah, there are electric guitars everywhere, and this is a nice-sounding band, but, given the caliber of the talent, it would seem the songs should be better instead of just bounce-offs for guitar pyrotechnics."
Blurt Magazine,60,"Apart from misplacing the detonator for Iggy's Search & Destroy and a version of Neil Young's Rockin' In The Free World that lacks the original's purple-faced fury, Can't Get Enough is the sound of men enjoying the music. [Sep 2013, p.86]"

American Songwriter,90,"Electric Slave makes a strong case that Lewis is ready to go toe-to-toe with the Dan Auerbachs of the world, and easily has what it takes to go the distance."
Classic Rock Magazine,80,"Black Joe Lewis and his full-tilt-boogie band of musicians has assembled an outstanding set of tunes, full of gutsy, barely-restrained performances."
AllMusic,75,"For if you dont get distracted by the constant temptations of modern contrivances and social connectivity, and buy into these simple but striking songs that Lewis is selling on Electric Slave, then hes got the cure for the modern ills and then some."
Mojo,70,"In Electric Slave, Black Joe Lewis has crafted a reference point thatll supplant those old YouTube performances and provide future Lewis scholars with what is arguably the defining point of his career."
Exclaim,70,"While he still peppers his rock anthems with flourishes from an adept jazz-informed horn section, Electric Slave is his most primitive album to date."
PopMatters,70,"Although it meanders in places, the mood remains high-spirited."
The Line of Best Fit,70,"While Lewis can emote with the best of them, a little more nuanced emotion in the music would really let his vocals shine."
Drowned In Sound,67,"Meet the new boss, same as the old boss."
AllMusic,65,"lectric Slave explores old forms with vigor, charting links in minutes that took years to develop."

Boston Globe,90,"An all-round triumph. [Sep 2013, p.90]"
Consequence of Sound,80,"All in all, Made Up Mind is one of the more intriguing efforts from 2013."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Here they keep the songs lean, tough and relatively compact, reigning in Trucks more expansive slide tendencies in favor of nailing tight, tough arrangements featuring Tedeschis gutsy vocals."
Paste Magazine,80,"While they may stretch out for improvisational flights in concert, Made Up Mind is concise and compelling."
Classic Rock Magazine,80,"This 11-piece ensemble of accomplished veterans positively struts on its third LP since forming in 2011. [Sep 2013, p.95]"
PopMatters,80,"It showcases the strength of an 11-piece band willing to experiment as they assimilate inspirations--from Stax, Muscle Shoals, Motown, Delaney & Bonnie, blues, and jazz--and incorporate their various experiences into a new whole."
American Songwriter,70,"Theres singing going on, all right, it sounds lovely, but little is conveyed other than loveliness. However, theres no arguing with their authenticity or technical excellence."
Boston Globe,70,"The result is equal parts Stax and Muscle Shoals without the dilution of either."
Uncut,70,"Despite the massed personnel, nothing sounds cluttered or excessive."
AllMusic,70,"Made Up Mind is another strong effort from the group headed by Ms. Tedeschi and her husband, the virtuoso blues guitarist Derek Trucks, though not quite as enlivening as its 2011 debut, Revelator."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),65,"Considering the improvisational skill, malleability and performing traditions of the sprawling group, this is just another solid recording on a long, strange evolutionary trip. [No. 101, p.60]"
Rolling Stone,50,"It feels as if the focus on Made Up Mind was on serving the songs rather than the players, which is understandable, as plenty of guitar heroes make less guitar-centric albums in an effort to prove themselves as more than just a bag of a licks. But, it all just falls a bit flat of what this group is capable of in the right context."

Exclaim,70,"Its hard to pull off this kind of stuff successfully, anyway, but its even harder when you have to battle the preconceptions that come with initially making your bones as an actor. Hugh Laurie overcomes all those obstacles with a collection that doesnt reach too far beyond what it wants to do (and for that type of self-awareness alone the whole thing should be lauded)."
The New York Times,62,"Its surprisingly how unaffecting and mediocre most of it is."
Magnet,60,"If Laurie hasn't produced something new under the sun, he nonetheless brings more light to certain dark places of the songbook than all too many American interpreters."
Consequence of Sound,60,"He acquits himself impressively as pianist and singer, his affinity with the material elevating it above mere expensive pastiche. [Jul 2013, p.106]"
PopMatters,60,"No one sounds like they are having much fun on this follow-up and his rearrangements of the classics on piano add nothing new to the songs. [Jun 2013, p.84]"
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),60,"Laurie reprises his well-intentioned but essentially unconvincing bluesman shtick. [Jun 2013, p.75]"
Slant Magazine,60,"Whilst there are occasional high points, its best to cherry-pick the highlights from Didnt It Rain and leave the rest."
Q Magazine,60,"The follow-up to Let Them Talk follows a similar format of easy-rolling jazz arrangements and simpatico guest spots supporting Hugh Laurie's blues piano."
Mojo,60,"Nobody is concerned with reinterpreting the songs or surprising a listener, they just want to enjoy re-creating sounds and tunes they've loved, an attitude that's rarely alienating although it's never quite infectious, either."

Uncut,70,"While Allen either wrote or co-wrote all the tracks on the album, it's his stellar and flexible guitar work that is the highlight."
musicOMH.com,70,"The album as a whole is just a big, wonderful surprise. Start to finish."
The Independent (UK),60,"Given such a line-up and a high degree of cohesion not always apparent in similarly stellar offerings, good things should happen. And they do. [Sep 2013, p.90]"
AllMusic,50,"The predictable impression of a rich man's plaything cast with superior company remains. [Aug 2013, p.84]"

AllMusic,90,"Rhythm & Blues is a proper double album: each disc is notionally themed though, as you'd rightly expect, there's plenty of each. [Oct 2013, p.88]"
PopMatters,80,"One Day Away, with Urban, is country-lite, but everything else is heavy with the weight of Guy's skill and experience. [Jan 2014, p.101]"
Mojo,80,"Whether hes singing about his mothers advice or the eternal blues staple, woman trouble, Mr. Guy hits home."
Classic Rock Magazine,80,"Rhythm & Blues is a late career milestone that backs up all of the accolades Guy has ever received."
Classic Rock Magazine,70,"Its the sound of Buddy Guy, armed with his crooked smile and polka-dot guitar, reinforcing rather than reinventing what he has done. And its fun."
Mojo,60,"It's loud, it's brash, it's real and it's utterly exhausting."
The New York Times,60,"If this package can sometimes feel a little too pat, put the blame on producer Tom Hambridge, who also helmed Skin Deep and Living Proof and now has a track record of pushing Guy just enough to form a narrative but not enough to break him out of the box."
Exclaim,40,"Guy's new album, Rhythm & Blues, spills onto two discs, one named 'Rhythm' and the other 'Blues,' and the conceit would work if both halves of the album weren't each encrusted with the same indistinguishable cheese."

PopMatters,80,"Just as good, and arguably better, than their first collaboration, this sympathetic partnership will thrill established fans as well as new listeners and will hopefully continue for many future editions."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"The 11 tunes kick off with a jump blues rendition of 'Them There Eyes,' a rock blues take on Ike & Tina Turner's 'Nutbush City Limits'; punchy horns accentuate the Buddy Miles penned 'Miss Lady,' and they give a straightforward soul treatment to the Don Covay/Steve Cropper tune 'See Saw' recorded by Aretha Franklin in 1968."
AllMusic,60,"This second collaboration with the versatile Californian singer Beth Hart is remarkable for its bravery."
Slant Magazine,50,"Strange Fruit is a nervy choice, respectfully done. Like most of the record, it's also pretty redundant. [Summer 2013, p.92]"
American Songwriter,50,"The duo often leave any sense of taste with their gumboots outside on the doorstep."

AllMusic,90,"Inspired song choices further deepen the spell in a beguiling instant classic from a masterful soul stylist. [May 2013, p.78]"
The Guardian,80,"A by-the-book cover of the arguably too familiar Rainy Night In Georgia aside, this is an engaging and enticing set of tunes breathing fresh life into a bygone form; theyll melt your heart while making you want to dance."
Classic Rock Magazine,80,"Memphis is a late-night delight."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"This set is a stunner. Scaggs is in full possession of that iconic voice; he delivers songs with an endemic empathy and intimacy that make them sound like living, breathing stories."
Uncut,80,"Producer Steve Jordan captures the thumping drums, horns and string arrangements always so essential to this music, creating Scaggs finest album since Come on Home, 1997s previous set of predominantly soul covers."
Record Collector,70,"Unlikely to win any new fans, then, but this richly textured mix of soft-focused funk, soul, jazz and R&B will delight those in thrall to  an artist not so much laid back as horizontal. [May 2013, p.88]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"The supple, grainy throes of Scaggs' voice invigorate old-school hits for Tyrone Davis and the Moments, and ballads by Tony Joe White and Steely Dan."
AllMusic,60,"['Cadillac Walk' is] a refreshing change of pace on an album whose smoothness palls just a little over 12 songs. [May 2013, p.110]"
American Songwriter,60,"Possibly an album for Boz's benefit more than anyone else's. [Apr 2013, p.91]"

Classic Rock Magazine,80,"Howl is an unequivocal roots recording, an evocative combination of Bluegrass celebration, deep bottom Blues and total allegiance to authentic Americana."
Rolling Stone,70,"This is acoustic music with one eye turned toward the past and the other squarely facing the future."
Q Magazine,70,"Whenever they seem affected it's when they try to be a little bit too pure in their bluegrass ('Hermitage Hostep'), but when they incorporate bits of rock & roll and gospel, or when they cut loose ('People Been Talking'), or lay back ('Just Like You'), they're a compelling, muscled Americana outfit, given just the right showcase here by Benson."
Mojo,50,"If more attention was paid to crafting better songs, rather than just sounds, Howl would have been much more fulfilling."

Blurt Magazine,100,"Roth fits Hunter like a glove, bringing out the warmth of his brass section and framing his raw voice in perfectly judged R&B arrangements that spark and bounce."
PopMatters,90,"His intelligent lyrics and melodies inside the arrangements of these beautifully crafted songs underscore the integrity and passion in his trademark voice. This is inarguably his finest album."
AllMusic,89,"The combination of Roth's deft touch, Hunter's gritty vocals, and the band's skilled musicianship makes Minute by Minute one of the best of the year."
Exclaim,80,"Yes, the production is grand, the band tight, and the songs are clever, but Hunters voice is the main attraction here. He sings with an ache that never breaks, even though he always seems to be reaching for a note just out of range."
The Independent (UK),80,"He still sings very much from the heart, though, and the result is altogether awesome. [Apr 2013, p.94]"
AllMusic,80,"The vivid nostalgia remains, with these all-original cuts sounding like they could easily have been laid down back in the golden ages of the 1950s and 60s."
Austin Chronicle,70,"The seamlessly authentic sound fit his raw and lusty vocalising, and the impressively tailored swagger 'n swing og his band, to a tee. [Mar 2013, p.73]"
PopMatters,60,"He came out the other side with a hard-won wisdom, emotion and sense of craft that, like soul music, never goes out of style."

Mojo,80,"My World Is Over proves to be another step up. [Feb 2013, p.95]"
BBC Music,80,"Taylor's vocal presence is gruff and minimal to a fault, but musical textures that entwine banjo, mandolin and cornet are often arresting."
Uncut,80,"Taylor's chameleon-like always-hiding-in-plain-sight aesthetic gives us a poignant, compelling recording that warrants repeated listening."
Blurt Magazine,70,"Admittedly, Taylors patented droning mantras can be a bit numbing when stretched out to an hour. But when his artistic vision hits exactly the right balance with his emotional thrust, its hard to imagine the music sounding any other way."
Classic Rock Magazine,70,"My World Is Gone is an enveloping, at times even uplifting album, its charms diminished only by moments of jumble and overreach."
The Observer (UK),50,"The music is ... okay. Its okay. Probably the most conventional of Taylors 13 albums, My World Is Gone is usually at its best when driven by electric guitarist Mato Nanji, who gives a fine sense of the distance to and from the grand lost landscape that the words evoke."

AllMusic,80,"Musselwhite's dialogue with Harper's soulful tenor and punchy guitar is pure Astaire and Rogers."
Blurt Magazine,80,"There's a palpable sense of comfort between these two, and each listen becomes nothing more than yet another illustration of exactly how strong their musical connection is."
Slant Magazine,80,"It benefits substantially from the synergy that the potent presence of Charlie Musselwhite helps to create. [Feb 2013, p.90]"
PopMatters,80,"Their chemistry is obvious. [Feb 2013, p.74]"
BBC Music,80,"The album is a beguiling mix of acoustic and electric blues, with harmonica legend Musselwhite weaving in and out like a roadhouse virtuoso."
PopMatters,80,"Ultimately, Get Up! earns its titular exclamation point as a successful combination of two talented veterans feeding off each other's dusky, creative spirit."
Mojo,75,"[Musselwhite's] team-up with Haprer vibrantly showcases his pasionate, fluid style.... [Harper] mostly stays out of the way, perhaps to a fault. [8 Feb 2013, p.75]"
Uncut,70,"One of the thrills of Get Up! is hearing Harper rock on hard blues, refreshing from a powerful singer-guitarist whose work can be overly hushed. This kind of music is meat for Musselwhite."
Boston Globe,60,"It may do little to make non-believers go his way, but Get Up! sizzles with intent from the off. [Mar 2013, p.102]"

AllMusic,80,"Born To Sing is a return to classic form. [Nov 2012, p.86]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"The music is fabulous, a sublime pulse of Hammond organ, trombone and piano. [Nov 2012, p.100]"
Rolling Stone,80,"In the last ten or fifteen years, only 2005's Magic Time has delivered more consistently enjoyable songs than this thoroughly captivating collection of rants, loves, and dreams."
Q Magazine,80,"His 35th solo studio album is his jazziest: the warm brass and catchy, sweet melodies recall 1970's Moondance. But the music's velvet glove delivers some of his hardest-hitting lyrics."
Mojo,80,"Van Morrison's best album in some while is a set of songs that, despite the relaxed tone of their jazz-blues settings, foam with indignation about the venality of capitalist adventurism."
Q Magazine,80,"A keeper, a goodie."
Blurt Magazine,80,"Like Dylan, Born To Sing will probably be an acquired taste for some (the jazzy backing may put some off, as may Morrison's tendency to incessantly repeat lines and start scatting every so often), but it's yet another example of his sometimes erratic genius."
The Guardian,80,"The greater, constant lift is in the album's earthy-R&B roll--the slow-drag groove in 'Born to Sing' suggests Ray Charles leading the band at New Orleans' Preservation Hall  and the disarming, one-of-a-kind warmth of Morrison's gift."
The Independent (UK),80,"On Born to Sing: No Plan B he's compiled the various elements of his musical oeuvre and assembled them into a seamless, glorious whole."
The Observer (UK),70,"This is among his most overtly jazz-tinged work, produced by Morrison and recorded in his native Belfast."
musicOMH.com,70,"It is not the truly transcendent album some may have read in the runes, but it contains several hints that such greatness may, finally, be within his grasp once more."
Rolling Stone,68,"Born To Sing is absolutely not all bad, but by the end of the album and rolling tally of excuses, the slack stack measures tall."
AllMusic,58,"The remainder of Born To Sing is salvaged by solid, serviceable, latter-day Morrison material."
Boston Globe,50,"Van feels fed up and disgusted, intense and focused, on Born To Sing: No Plan B, but unfortunately, the songs, more often than not, end the conversation there, leaving just a few hard knock lessons and some pretty jazz."
Uncut,40,"These soft shoe shuffles sway up and down the same few notes, with the affectionate embrace of mother of the groom dances."
Paste Magazine,40,"While there are a few gems on Born to Sing, he's riding his name through the album instead of having something to say."
The A.V. Club,30,"Fans of the old stuff who long ago wrote Morrison off will find their gripes sadly confirmed on Born to Sing: No Plan B, a recession album that's four years too late."

American Songwriter,70,"Even at a well-established level and decades into his craft, Vai takes some surprising risks on The Story of Light, and the album almost always benefits from them."
The Telegraph (UK),70,"You just need to listen and enjoy without reading too much into the material. That is easy to do here."
Consequence of Sound,70,"The Story of Light is business as usual for Vai, a man who fights to avoid repeating himself and always tries to find new territory on an instrument that he has described as being 'infinite' in its creative potential."
Slant Magazine,60,"What The Story of Light shows in the end is that for every daring composition he gets right, there will be a few that are either too safe or not as well thought out."

AllMusic,80,"This more captivating follow-up, mixing originals and inspired covers, fuses sultry blues and deep jazz with Trucks' training in Indian classical music to create an alchemical hybrid. [Jul 2012, p.84]"
American Songwriter,80,"Everybody's Talkin' is what every live album should be: an accurate, exciting reflection of a band at its peak, playing full-throttle and providing plenty of surprises."
Consequence of Sound,80,"This 2-hour double disc captures all the excitement and improvisational interplay of the gigs."
PopMatters,70,"Powerful real music, the kind of music that shamelessly moves at you with emotion and soul."
Uncut,70,"Derek Trucks, blues shouter (and Trucks' wife) Susan Tedeschi and nine friends cut a path between the improvised and the carefully arranged."
AllMusic,60,"[The album includes] a stomping version of Elmore James's Rollin' And Tumblin' and a long and not wholly convincing reading of Stevie Wonder's Uptight. [Sep 2012, p.90]"

American Songwriter,91,"These 13-songs-in-35-minutes, cut half in 2008 when he was drunk and half in 2010 when he was sober, are shockingly strong for the first eight or nine, which unfortunately include all the drunk ones."
PopMatters,80,"The singer's greasy, street pimp-talking vocal style is sometimes at odds with The Sadies' cleaned-up garage vibe, but if you can reconcile a 70-year old drug addict growling: 'I like my rum, cos I got no teeth, I let it flow over my gums'... with fiddle-led folk rock and surf guitar, then Night & Day will push all your buttons and then some. [Aug 2012, p.111]"
Rolling Stone,80,"The album is at its rawest and most dynamic on such garage tracks as I Gotta Get Shorty Out Of Jail and One-Eyed Jack. [Aug 2012, p.90]"
Mojo,80,"It's the gravitational pull of Williams' great jowly voice that remains the defining feature of an often vitriolic set of songs that veer between snake-hipped R'n'B and blasted soul'n'roll."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),80,"Both sides are endearing in their own way, and both show off a musical legend with plenty left to say."
Q Magazine,70,"Williams's gruff narratives are backed by one heck of a band. The Sadies, masterful songwriters in their own right, offer sizzling support. Their manic-rodeo sound and energy doesn't just serve as a backdrop, though. They seem at times to push Williams even further."
Mojo,70,"[Williams] remains agile, mobile and hostile as the Sadies choogle, twang and vamp behind him."
Uncut,70,"Night and Day [is] another true testament by one of America's last genuine musical anti-heroes."
NOW Magazine,60,"Andre Williams is a renegade R'n B spirit who remains, in his seventies, as scurrilous as ever."
PopMatters,60,"Though it never feels disjointed, it never feels fully realized, either. In the end, it's hard to tell exactly what the album is aiming for, but taken as another rowdy set of tunes from a living legend, Night & Day delivers from both sides of whichever dichotomy it's grappling with at any given moment."
Blurt Magazine,60,"This 30 minute set [provides] a crazed, occasionally unhinged yet always riveting experience."
Exclaim,50,"Despite such guests as Jon Spencer and John Langford--and The Sadies themselves-you just want this to be better. [Jun 2012, p.151]"

The Independent (UK),91,"Her slide-guitar playing throughout Slipstream is superb, and she slips her purring voice into every song like a letter going into an envelope addressed just to you."
AllMusic,85,"With Slipstream, the acolyte of Sippie Wallace and John Lee Hooker takes her music to even more introspective places--and her assessments make this even more adult."
American Songwriter,80,"It's mood music with a razor edge, pain fronting as bliss, delivered by a vet who understands that the blues are often about just that."
Under The Radar,80,"It's delivered with Bonnie's trademark kindly swagger, although her best performances here are probably the brace of covers from Dylan's Time out of Mind, 'Million Miles' and 'Standing in the Doorway', on which Frisell's tiny vibrato glimmer wields a subtle power to match her quiet passion."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Slipstream is Bonnie Raitt's best album in years and one of the best of her 40-year career."
Paste Magazine,75,"The Henry-produced songs are so accomplished, the sonic chemistry so enveloping and hypnotic, that one wishes Raitt had taken the entire album in this direction."
Rolling Stone,70,"There are a few lesser moments, but they don't distract; Slipstream reveals Raitt at another creative peak."
The Independent (UK),70,"Befitting a blues album, nearly all the songs contain the word 'love' and feature simple beats that have you bobbing your head and tapping your toes after just a couple listens."
American Songwriter,70,"[Raitt] mostly returns to the quality soft-rock she perfected in her early solo career, but juices it up with hot guitar solos on almost every song."
Chicago Tribune,70,"Slipstream relies on Bonnie;'s voice and slide playing--and, above all, her felicitous ability to pick the right song. [May 2012, p.80]"
AllMusic,60,"Saloon-bar rockers such as Split Decision sound tired and hackneyed alongside a beautifully downbeat cover of Dylan's Standing in the Doorway... the peaceful life suits her. [May 2012, p.105]"
Boston Globe,60,"Raitt remains a master interpreter of song. [May 2012, p.87]"
Blurt Magazine,60,"Slipstream is welcome, despite large portions of it sounding generic to the point of self-parody: funky, strolling, sunny California blues-rock with lashings of soul."

Uncut,80,"It all adds up to a beautifully redemptive album, one of Bibb's best."
Q Magazine,80,"It's deceptively powerful stuff."
Mojo,70,"[His music] is still vital, still has the ability to move people and to stir their souls."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"There is nothing particularly daring about the album but it's classy and enjoyable."
AllMusic,60,"There's little to startle or disturb, but it's a classy, laid-back set."
BBC Music,60,"Bibb's tone is characteristically dignified."

PopMatters,91,"The follow-up is his party record, and deeper as a consequence, dark and hilarious and gone so fast you're too busy tapping your inner foot to cavil about pitch or timbre."
The Telegraph (UK),89,"It's Ray Wylie Hubbard at his best, candid, shrugging, unapologetic, and dispensing rock & roll philosophy in words that matter."
The Guardian,84,"Once again, Hubbard has proven his worth after 40 years in the business."
The Observer (UK),80,"It's among his best. [Apr. 2012, p.79]"
Expert Witness (MSN Music),80,"It's a swaggering, sexy, shake-your-ass, greasy, deep roots record."
Austin Chronicle,70,"The songs are solid but the disc is greater than the sum of its parts as it congeals around Hubbard's confessional, often personal memories."

Paste Magazine,90,"For it's diversity, experimentation, and excellent performances, Leaving Eden is even better [than 2010 release, Genuine Negro Jig]."
Uncut,88,"The result is a rarity in the Chocolate Drops' world: roots music as useful as it is beautiful."
AllMusic,80,"The result is a wonderfully immediate album that feels like a Saturday night house party--complete with moonlight, dust flying from the carpet under the feet of dancers, and crickets and night bird calls out the open windows."
American Songwriter,80,"There's artful variety; the band may have a particular approach, but they're no purists."
PopMatters,80,"Leaving Eden is a lesson in 21st-century American folk--a tradition that's as miscegenated as ever, and stronger for it."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Still the most electrifying acoustic act around."
AllMusic,80,"You can almost hear the chickens out in the yard and see the dust mites dancing in the sunlit air."
BBC Music,70,"The stream of banjo, fiddle, bones and spoons rolls on agreeably, marred only by a tendency to tweeness. [Apr 2012, p.73]"
Rolling Stone,70,"Like the eponymous candy, Leaving Eden will draw you back for more of that sweet warmth to melt on your tongue."
The Observer (UK),60,"The instrumental work is impressive throughout, but Gidden's vocals are the main attraction. [Apr 2012, p.88]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),60,"Far from coming off as a dry and didactic exercise in replicating an ancient style of playing, Carolina Chocolate Drops has instead reinvigorated old-time music for 21st-century ears."
Uncut,60,"Carolina Chocolate Drops are a gloriously energetic and adventurous live band, but this set mysteriously fails to demonstrate their range."
Consequence of Sound,60,"It has a winning blend of respect, technique and humour."
Mojo,50,"The result is an album full of gateway music, lovingly made knockoffs that point to the purer and smarter bluegrass it's imitating."
American Songwriter,40,"There's no faulting the brilliant playing, but by restricting themselves to exploring a fairly unevolved musical form they forever repeat its limitations. [April 2012, p.90]"

The Guardian,83,"In short, it's a modern blues record that even non-blues fans can love and that blues fans can outright cherish."
The Independent (UK),80,"An album of considerable weight. [Feb 2012, p.99]"
Slant Magazine,80,"By reining in the freedom that made Clovis People, Vol. 3 such a puzzling wonder, Taylor manages to up the ante musically and lyrically on Contraband."
Q Magazine,80,"Contraband pushes Taylor's music forward, if by short, measured steps, and the qualities that make him the 21st century's classic bluesman keep his sound deep and true."
Paste Magazine,50,"Aside from Taylor's earlier albums, Contraband would stand as a unique work, but it's not up to the standards set by reasonably similar records."

Mojo,80,"The undoubted highlight is a completely reconstructed version of Ring of Fire that's guaranteed to stay in your heart forever. [May 2012, p.82]"
AllMusic,80,"A woman who's hovered on the brink of the purist Bonnie Raitt/Tracy Chapman range truly comes into her own here."
Blurt Magazine,80,"The results make the listener want to jump in the aisles and shout with joy."
PopMatters,70,"She's taken a more reflective direction that emphasizes tenderness over tenacity and subtlety above sizzle."
Mojo,70,"The church is never far from Foster's vocals, and even though the predominant sound here is a blues shot through with organ and echoing slide guitar, she seems closer to gospel than ever."
Paste Magazine,70,"Whichever era Foster picks and chooses from, Let It Burn always feels utterly timeless."
PopMatters,70,"[A] stirring, often spellbinding mix of gospel, R&B, folk and rock."
Blurt Magazine,67,"It's an organ-ribbed massage of Stax man William Bell's 'You Don't Miss Your Water,' forever at the heart of the Byrds' gospel-kissed country rock classic Sweetheart of the Rodeo, that really connects."

Boston Globe,80,"Hellfire is a brilliant album with no weak cuts."
AllMusic,75,"He's a modernist at ease with mixing, matching and sometimes trampling as his heart dictates."
American Songwriter,70,"Blues fans probably know Joe Louis Walker's work already, but if not, this is an excellent introduction to a talented performer."
Austin Chronicle,60,"The album tries too hard to make its points, generally misplacing Walker's organic, rootsy appeal and obvious talents in the process."
Blurt Magazine,50,"Walker is an exceptional blues artist at a time when there are few left, but on Hellfire, despite its volume, he comes off as frustratingly average."

Chicago Tribune,91,"The physical and even mental diminution enriches the music."
PopMatters,83,"Snarling through covers as far-flung as 'Welcome to the Jungle' and Little Big Town's 'Boondocks,' James brings some welcome grit to the retirement-album game."
AllMusic,80,"A supremely sassy swansong. [Jan 2012, p.90]"
Exclaim,80,"The production might be slick, but James relaxes into this framework, providing the necessary lived-in looseness."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),80,"As a swansong, it's as fine as might be expected given the circumstances."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"James's voice is slightly diminished but not so as to sound like anything other than itself. She's the real deal."
Uncut,75,"We get a career-twilight portrait of James and her darker-than-ever voice in a set of moody, bluesy and slow-jam groove numbers."
BBC Music,70,"On The Dreamer, James includes some unlikely song choices, and most of them work."
The Independent (UK),70,"The Dreamer is a fitting--if not perfect--bookend to one of American popular music's most iconic lives."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),60,"James' final studio album is a sturdy effort that belies the catalog of increasingly serious health issues that have dogged her. [Feb 2012, p.102]"
Los Angeles Times,60,"The Dreamer is occasionally powerful and moving as James ranges across memorable songs including Otis Redding's Champagne & Wine."

American Songwriter,100,"A rich exploration of Appalachian roots. [25 Nov 2011, p.71]"
AllMusic,95,"Fahey was a restless listener, tinkerer, thinker, and player--a combination that makes this set fascinating both as a history book and a lifetime listening indulgence."
Mojo,80,"Simply, we are left with more evidence of a true American original, who was also as important in his own way as Harry Smith or Alan Lomax and other such college-educated curatorial spirits."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"Your Past Comes Back to Haunt You: The Fonotone Years, 1958-1965 is a massive John Fahey document that was a full decade in the making by Dean Blackwood of Revenant, guitarist Glenn Jones, and Lance Ledbetter of Dust-to-Digital."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"This set--six meticulously documented hours recorded before his first proper album--is a progress chart."
Pitchfork,60,"I found myself wishing [the booklet] was three times longer and the music three CDs less. [Nov 2011, p.60]"

The Quietus,80,"God times are promised--and delivered. [Feb 2012, p.99]"
AllMusic,80,"This is one of the best albums of the year."
Spin,80,"Fans: check this out. Newcomers: this is a great place to start."
The Wire,78,"In a certain light, bandleader Grey comes across as Springsteen from the Florida swamps  in love with his roots, yet literate enough to make his message a universal one."
Mojo,70,"Grey's voice is much grittier live than on records, it is a catalyst for the band to build upon and they do so whenever presented with the opportunity."

Blurt Magazine,80,"No embarrassing side-project, Let Them Talk turns out to showcase heartfelt and sensitively handled musicianship from one of our finest all-round entertainers."
PopMatters,70,"Aficionados may balk at an actor trespassing on sacred ground, but even they'd have to admit, that for a white, middle-class Englishman, Hugh Laurie plays a surprisingly convincing bluesman."
Austin Chronicle,70,"This is another acting job, in a sense, and Laurie's faux-Southern drawl grates a little, but he's assembled a band of N'awlins old hands to add authenticity."
AllMusic,70,"To his enormous credit, Laurie never sounds like a dilettante among this group; he holds his own, working his way into the marrow of the songs, playing credible piano throughout the record."
musicOMH.com,60,"Laurie is best on standards such as St James Infirmary and Buddy Bolden's Blues, playing piano on them with strength and sensitivity. [Jun 2011, p.104]"
Dot Music,60,"With the slight caveat that Laurie's vocals never quite cast off their Englishness (and why should they?), this is a commendable effort which at its best furnishes considerable enjoyment."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),40,"This is no disaster on the level of, say, a Leonard Nimoy or Don Johnson album, but given Laurie's outspoken love for New Orleans and the involvement of Henry and his crew, Let Them Talk still falls well short of expectations."
AllMusic,40,"Let Them Talk is competent and heartfelt but far from necessary. [Jun 2011, p.87]"
Mojo,40,"The foray ultimately fails because Laurie's voice is no more than adequate."

The Independent (UK),81,"Guitars jangle, piano keys ripple like they've been recorded from a jaunty saloon session while vocals harmonise and lift the spirit of everything around."
Blurt Magazine,75,"Lortz obviously has a thing or two about women to get off his chest, and he does it with quiet but intense desperation."
Uncut,73,"The Night is a record uncomfortable with all the trappings of the corporeal world--time, words, its own skin--and occasionally, improbably, it actually breaks free of them all."
The Telegraph (UK),70,"While Lortz's body of work as a songwriter has grown larger, The World is Just a Shape to Fill the Night may occupy a spot similar to the one Get Lonely owns in The Mountain Goats' more varied discography."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),70,"If The World Is Just a Shape to Fill the Night came out in a year when it seemed like there were even more sensitive folkie records than ever before, it also succeeds more than most of its contemporaries by virtue of its differing reference points."
The A.V. Club,70,"Walking that line, between confession and over-sharing, is tough to do, and though Lortz sometimes spills into the latter, it's his willingness to delve into wounds here, rather than coat them with easy sentiments, that makes this record resonate."
Pitchfork,60,"With Lortz's new project, sans the Dutchess, the styling is more psychedelic folk."
Dusted Magazine,30,"here isn't enough variation on here to retain its limited intrigue, as Lortz relies too much on his consistently unremarkable songwriting; ultimately, it's a forgettable record."

AllMusic,80,"Given what a mixed bag tribute albums usually are, Dedicated is not only a surprise for its consistency, but a shining example of what they can--and should--be."
PopMatters,80,"There are 13 terrific cuts out of 15, and the album does it's job of demonstrating that the 5 Royales deserve reconsideration."
Under The Radar,80,"Dedicated serves not only as an introduction to a criminally overlooked, pioneering pre-R&R group but  also as a reminder of why Cropper remains so well respected."
No Ripcord,70,"The songs rise or fall with their singers--thumbs up for Bettye LaVette, Dan Penn, B. B. King and Shemekia Copeland--and the performances are stalwart enough. But they can't come close to the rip-snorting gusto of the '5' Royales nearly half a century ago."
AllMusic,70,"Pretty lovable."
Blurt Magazine,60,"The album itself isn't especially surprising (aside from a few vocalist choices that work out). If you're familiar with Cropper and with the '5' Royales, Dedicated is probably what you would expect to hear."
NOW Magazine,60,"Cropper stays fairly faithful to the originals. [Oct 2011, p.83]"
The New York Times,60,"Cropper's stinging guitar can't help but showboat, albeit in the classiest of ways."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),60,"Cropper's needle-sharp guitar fills best demonstrate the immense debt the MGs man owes to the 5 Royales songwriter and guitarist Lowman Pauling."

PopMatters,90,"Never indulgent, impeccably crafted, but also free as a long-long day in early July, Revelator is a joy."
Uncut,88,"This is Stevie Wonder or Yo La Tengo territory, fearlessly approaching touchy-feely domestic ground where many fear to tread. They own it, too."
The Guardian,80,"Revelator is a roots record that sets a modern standard even as it draws its inspiration from the past. It's got everything a listener could want: grit, groove, raw, spiritual emotion, and expert-level musical truth."
The Independent (UK),80,"This meaty masterpiece is the debut of an 11-piece troupe co-led by guitarist Derek Trucks and his wife, singer-guitarist Susan Tedeschi. Revelator is also a turning point in Trucks' odyssey, since adolescence, toward a deep soul laced with Indo-slide ecstasy."
PopMatters,50,"Expectations were high for this first joint record from the husband-and-wife team, but they generally settle for easy-listening, adult-contemporary blues music that rarely unleashes the power for which they are known."

The Boston Phoenix,80,"Builds on the loose and raw sound of Wold's earlier records, but [the album] is also an extension of them, pulling in strains of folk and country and adding them to his signature trance blues sound. The result is a powerfully good record."
AllMusic,80,"Sixth album by the artist who won MOJO's Best Breakthrough Act award 2007, aged 66. [July 2011, p. 100]"
Rolling Stone,80,"Old Dog New Tricks is hardly an overhaul--the likes of Don't Know Why She Love Me but She Do ensures there's plenty here for adherents to the tried and true. But it's clear that this old dog is stretching his legs more than on any previous album."
Boston Globe,80,"Whatever their origin [his guitars], he manages to wrestle compelling riffs from them."
AllMusic,70,"His first U.S. album has the fun and fury of his gigs, plus bass and mandolin work by Led Zeppelin's John Paul Jones, a notable seal of approval."
Q Magazine,70,"You Can't Teach An Old Dog New Tricks stays true to its title, not really introducing any new elements to this Seasick Steve's canon, but perfectly satisfying if you're coming in not looking for a revelation in his sound. Expect the expected and this album won't disappoint."
BBC Music,70,"More often than not though, Seasick Steve is just as fun, lively and instantly likeable as ever."
The Independent (UK),60,"A prophetically titled record that does exactly what it promises. [Jul 2011, p.94]"
Rolling Stone,60,"Despite the gloriously odd decision to place Treasures--a piece of music as fragile as the materialistic lifestyles it attacks--first in the tracklisting, there are no real surprises."
Consequence of Sound,60,"What it lacks in linguistic poetry is amply compensated for in the vibrancy of Seasick's guitar-playing."
Drowned In Sound,50,"It's about time he delivered something of substance. YCTAODNT fits the bill, kinda. It's long on heartbreak and short on yee-haw affectations."
Uncut,30,"Four years on, his fifth album just feels stodgily generic."

Clash Music,85,"On live disc Ramble at the Ryman, with a characteristically exuberant blend of rock, blues, country, and folk, Helm proves himself once again to be one of our most vibrant conservators of traditional Americana."
The Guardian,80,"The voice may be more Grandpa Simpson than Grand Ole Opry these days, but the spirit on Ramble At The Ryman live set is unbeatable. [July 2011, p. 106]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"Nashville is clearly a home away from home, though, as this set from September 2008 proves. [Jul 2011, p.92]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"The vibe is convivial. And though the great man can't put his cancer-strangled voice to every number, he can still swing the nuts off a Slingerland kit in between chesting a nifty mandolin."
Paste Magazine,80,"Levon Helm's 'Midnight Rambles' in Woodstock, N.Y., have become nearly as legendary as Helm. Occasionally, he takes the party to larger venues, as evidenced by this fabulous live CD."
Q Magazine,80,"mble at the Ryman may not be the same as hearing Levon Helm play for a few dozen guests at his studio--or for a few thousand fans at one of America's most venerable venues--but it captures a living legend on-stage proving he doesn't have to rest on his laurels to win applause, and this is a hell of a party coming from a guy well past retirement age."
Uncut,70,"Both the chestnuts and The Band selections here sound best in their original versions (partly due to the diminished power of Levon's voice after his bout with throat cancer). But his singing brims with spirit, and he and his cohorts deliver these mostly vintage tunes with gusto."

The Independent on Sunday (UK),83,"Hold On Tight's horn-spiked blues-rock is outfitted with more raucous textures than its balladic predecessor, yet De Dijk manage to smooth out Burke's craggy, weathered croak. King Solomon, R.I.P."
Boston Globe,80,"It's a stronger and more satisfying piece of work than most of his other post-millennial albums, and it's the closest thing he managed to a truly effective rock & roll collaboration; it's an impressive finale to a genuinely remarkable career."
AllMusic,80,"For his part, Burke invests the songs with a force and passion that remains unabated. What a marvelous note for the King of Rock and Soul to leave us on."
Country Weekly,60,"Some of the lyrics, translated from the Dutch, are a touch clunky, but all in all a lively set and not, I suspect, Bishop Burke's final memorial. [Feb 2011, p.100]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"It's actually a more interesting artifact than the Mitchell one. Having said that, it is also hobbled by a paucity of good songs and a slightly splashy production. Solomon rides the turbulence like a whale."
AllMusic,60,"Burke's presence remains as commanding as ever even when the material sags."
Boston Globe,50,"Pitched decidedly near the middle of the road, Burke's final album is a generally pleasing endeavor that might have benefited from a little more effort."

Mojo,80,"Fresh from his role as bandleader/producer on Robert Plant's Band Of Joy, Miller has corralled fellow guitarists Bill Frisell, Marc Ribot and Greg Leisz for this fine ensemble project. [Jun 2011, p.92]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"This is a guitarists' mutual appreciation society affair that ought to be unbearable, but is actually gorgeous, thanks to the modest brilliance of those involved."
The Independent (UK),80,"The results are fluent, tasteful, ghostly and more than a little wistful. Ideally served with morning coffee."
Slant Magazine,80,"In contrast to Miller's usual earthiness, this Americana super-session is sonically lighter than air--thanks to spectral six-string ambience from Bill Frisell, Marc Ribot, and pedal-steel ace Greg Leisz, who adorn heavenly voices including Emmylou Harris and Patti Griffin."
Uncut,80,"The Majestic Silver Strings is one of those rare 'supergroup' projects that works--as much by its understatement as its savvy choice of material and excellent performances."
The Independent (UK),80,"This record is way cool. It may not seem like it upon first listen, but after a couple spins it's hard to forget."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"The Majestic Silver Strings is a touch strange and a heap of pretty, a dollop of tradition and a tablespoon of innovation."
Spin,60,"Buddy Miller organised a Grade A country guitarist convention, threw in some wonderful guest vocalists and then recorded, as if live, an impressive album."
AllMusic,60,"Frankly, traditional-minded listeners will wonder if the whole crew shouldn't be committed, as this quirky affair-depending on your perspective--is either brilliant or crazy."
American Songwriter,57,"And yet, given the promise of their combined talents, Strings turns out to be seriously frayed, as these guitarists sound like they're going to another job instead of hanging around to jam."
PopMatters,40,"Although this collection of classic country sprinkled with a couple of originals features an extraordinarily talented assemblage of musical collaborators, it never coalesces into anything above average."

The Telegraph (UK),88,"Drummer Cody Dickinson in particular delivers exactly what each song needs, nothing less, and keeps things swinging. It's the kind of unsentimental yet passionate tribute a musical legend and family cornerstone would surely appreciate."
Country Weekly,80,"Keys to the Kingdom may have been recorded in response to death and birth but it is, more than anything else, a celebration of all that Jim Dickinson held dear in life and music, which are, after all, the same thing."
Paste Magazine,70,"Deep roots, improvising valor and live-Cream brawn come easily to this trio. Catching it all in the studio has been harder, like juggling snakes and feral cats. Singer-guitarist Luther Dickinson, his drumming brother, Cody, and bassist Chris Chew come close."
Austin Chronicle,70,"Keys to the Kingdom is both a tribute to and a continuation of the Dickinson musical tradition."
Chicago Tribune,60,"There's less jamming than on earlier NMA releases, more insistence on songwriting. [Jul 2011, p.108]"
AllMusic,40,"More song-oriented than some past Allstars efforts and with an emphasis on country and gospel rather than the trio's gut-bucket blues, it wallops undeniable warmth even when the material itself veers from the Dickinsons' natural strengths."

Rolling Stone,100,"Seventy-four years on, he has recorded what is surely the blues album of the year."
American Songwriter,80,"Whilst Living Proof is very much the blues, Buddy Guy's solos give this a rawness that swells with discord, and the result feels more akin to the avant-garde guitar days of Sonic Youth and Shellac."
Mojo,80,"There are lots of martial bust-ups and squalls of fretboard fury that show that Buddy may be old but he's still wild. [Jan 2011, p.88]"
Austin Chronicle,80,"Like Skin Deep before it, Living Proof is distinguished by these bold, clenched blasts of sonic fury, but here the production has just enough grit to make the entire enterprise feel feral, and that's a greater testament to Guy's enduring vitality than any one song could ever be."
BBC Music,75,"Amid the album's stolid, sometimes plodding traditionalism, Guy's shrapnel-tossing tone brings some much-needed tension and surprise."
musicOMH.com,74,"The guitar legend still plays with the energy of a teenager-albeit a highly talented one-just starting out. And when he gets his dander up on such tracks as 'Too Soon' and 'Let the Door Knob Hit Ya,' Guy can still diss like a street gangsta"
Uncut,70,"From the Stratocaster sizzle of 'Key Don't Fit' to the piercing Telecaster sting of the title track, it's the best batch of blues Guy's cooked up in years."
AllMusic,60,"Even if the songs aren't much more than workmanlike, they're good enough to showcase the man's still mighty roar and shattering guitar playing. [Jan 2011, p.142]"
Chicago Tribune,60,"There is no nostalgia about Living Proof. [Dec 2010, p.96]"
Billboard.com,60,"What's wrong with the record is plain. The lyrics' first-person mythmaking gets trite. The guest appearances sound fainthearted, tailored to the ears of Grammy voters. But the heart of the record is deeply, honorably misbehaved."

Rolling Stone,90,"This isn't just a logical follow-up to 2008's excellent The City That Care Forgot, it's close to a career-defining summation from one of America's most important musicians."
Q Magazine,83,"At times, the doctor and his new band sound oddly akin to Steely Dan in a mellow mood, with lyrics only a tad less literary than that group's."
Mojo,80,"A blast. [Sep 2010, p.92]"
The New York Times,80,"Tribal contains 16 deeply detailed, fidgety tracks--but it's never hard work. It's a warm, gently funny album."
AllMusic,80,"On Tribal he digs hard into the New Orleans rhythm and blues on which he cut his teeth. His sinewy band, the Lower 911, which will join him on Monday and Tuesday at City Winery, manages to riff on a classic sound without ever going retro. Much the same could be said of Dr. John himself."
Entertainment Weekly,75,"Sometimes the message overwhelms the music, but largely the good doctor tends to the sick without letting the well-heeled off the hook."
Uncut,60,"The poignant lyrical message conveyed through most of the album, coupled with the ability of the music to keep you uplifted, is perfectly reminiscent of the spirit of New Orleans. Even though times could be better, there is always a reason to go on."
BBC Music,60,"Tribal, which too often plays it safe with its good-time gumbo of funk, blues, jazz, and swamp rock. Courtesy of his band, the Lower 911, the musicianship is superb, but the songs aren't especially memorable, serving up political commentary in fortune-cookie philosophy."

The New York Times,81,"Original Santana percussionist Michael Carabello and Checkmates singer Sonny Charles (now a member of the Steve Miller Band) fortify the performances, while longtime Miller fans will also soak in some of the last recordings by the late harmonica ace Norton Buffalo."
Los Angeles Times,70,"This is a welcome return for Miller, and a must for modern electric blues fans."
PopMatters,60,"The results are mixed. Some of this is merely a hobbyist homage to his roots (his shuffling cover of Jimmy Reed's 'You Got Me Dizzy'' is unexciting), but some of it crackles."
Boston Globe,60,"Miller doesn't say anything here that he hasn't said before, but hardcore fans will be glad he's saying anything at all."
Billboard.com,60,"Now in ihis late sixties, Miller's white soul voice and economical guitar-playing still pack a punch, while veteran R&B singer Sonny Charles assists with some well-placed harmonies. [Aug 2010, p.88]"
AllMusic,50,"If you buy Bingo! expecting to hear some burning blues, or to hear another of the Miller hits that may have excited you in the '70s, you'll be disappointed either way"

Boston Globe,90,"Thats the great thing about the Black Keys in general and Brothers in particular: the past and present intermingle so thoroughly that they blur, yet theres no affect, just three hundred pounds of joy."
Rolling Stone,90,"An album that works as both a blisteringly smart genre study that combines classic and contemporary perspectives on blues, soul, and R&B and as just one hell of a rock record, Brothers reaffirms that the Black Keys belong in any serious conversation about America's finest bands."
Uncut,90,"Everything fits in place to up the game of something else, and no part of these finely made blues and soul creations gets a pass on pulling its weight. Thats just how it works for Brothers."
American Songwriter,90,"Whether or not you love their music, Brothers represents a champion sound for the duo, one that covers all of their best strengths onto a terrific album; you cant ask for a better present than that."
AllMusic,87,"Brothers is a rock and roll takeover, as The Black Keys flex their muscles and make their presence known towards all imitators. The variety between tempos, melodies, and genres will keep you coming back to this record."
Slant Magazine,87,"Entirely produced by the Black Keys (except for the Danger Mouse-helmed song 'Tighten Up'), the pair's latest album, Brothers, lures with its spooky throwback sound, preternatural grooves and dark bluesy jams."
Urb,83,"Six albums in, the Akron, Ohio, duo's backwoods-Zeppelin shtick remains paramount, but on Brothers, there's a new kind of shrewdness, too: real songwriting, and real hooks, beneath all that mondo riffage."
Delusions of Adequacy,83,"Brothers is actively engaged in exploring how to make beloved old sounds relevant to now, and the result is that even classic Black Keys howlers like Black Mud and Ten Cent Pistol come off more vital in the new context."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"Brimful of air guitar moments and other guilty pleasures, Brothers is pleasingly diverse and diverting, with barely a duff track."
Billboard.com,80,"Brothers is a woozy, murky album, fat as a tick, and riled up like a kicked hornets' nest. Whatever growing pains they've gone through as a pair has been worth it; Brothers hits harder than either of their solo albums."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"The Black Keys are clearly determined not to get stuck in any such rut, with Brothers marking the midway point between the garage-rock stylings of their first few albums and the hip-hop influence of last years Blackroc side-project album."
The A.V. Club,80,"But Brothers, recorded largely in Muscle Shoals, Alabama, with little outside help, has a higher ratio of compelling songs and distress [than 2008's Attack & Release]."
BBC Music,80,"Brothers is really all about The Black Keys; swaggering journey from sub-White Stripes curio to one of the best rock'n'roll bands on the planet. [Jun 2010, p.81]"
musicOMH.com,80,"The band continues to find new ways to expand within rigid, self-imposed parameters. Although the album veers away from the spaced-out psychedelia of 2007s Attack & Release, it retains much of that albums slickness."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Brothers is the least stuffy record The Black Keys has put out, and it's by far their strongest."
Rolling Stone,80,"The old stomp is still here, but Alabama has stoked The Black Keys' dark side. [June 2010, p. 93]"
Uncut,80,"Brothers marks for perhaps the first time in their career that the Black Keys may have opened the door on a new chapter, one that revolves more around the bands refined songwriting, monster hooks, and growing grab bag of influences than on any one classic sound."
NOW Magazine,80,"Fans will debate stand-outs but Brothers will shiver the spine of anyone in love with unsanitised rock'n'roll. [Jun 2010, p.128]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,78,"The aptly titled Brothers isn't just another Black Keys album; it's the musical product of a cohesive symbiotic partnership. [Spring/Summer 2010, p.103]"
Mojo,77,"When it's all said and done, the 15-track set runs almost an hour long, causing one to think that the Keys might have done the best material here a disservice by shoving so much onto one album when they could've easily saved some up for their next release."
Sputnikmusic,75,"Brothers, meanwhile, proves that the Keys can still put a few more miles on their well-driven blues machine, regardless of what direction their non-Keys work takes them."
Q Magazine,75,"Brothers finds the Black Keys digging their own space, one that neednt be geographically defined."
Filter,73,"The no-bullshit album cover might be the cheekiest thing about delightfully straight-forward Brothers."
Pitchfork,70,"Brothers goes straight into the chase for the finest traditional rock album of the year so far, and with a slight trim to its 15-strong run would be a front runner."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Brothers offers a key breakout candidate in the Danger Mouse-produced 'Tighten Up,' which swings like a tasty update of garagey burn mixed with R&B yearn. For most, however, the solid Brothers as a whole will be the main attraction. [Spring 2010, p.62]"
The Boston Phoenix,70,"Much like the Black Keys themselves, this is not an all-time classic for the ages, but its very good. Most bands dont get around to pulling that off, and still fewer do it on their sixth full-length album."
cokemachineglow,70,"Brothers doesnt break new ground for the band, but it continues to affirm the bands soul, further demonstrating the unlimited power of blues music."
Drowned In Sound,67,"Brothers excels with its ballads, notably the 1960s pop swoon of 'The Only One' and 'Unknown Brother,' while the Philly soul of Jerry Butler's 'Never Gonna Give You Up' beckons for white suits and synchronized moves."
Under The Radar,65,"The problem is the songs. Auerbach can sing with feeling (see the cover of Jerry Butlers Never Gonna Give You Up, which features vocals reminiscent of vintage Todd Rundgren), but his lyrics are so banal they hardly seem worth the trouble."
PopMatters,60,"Yep, there's plenty of life here, but interest wavers when howling barroom guitar-note after howling barroom guitar-note wafts to the back of your brain."
No Ripcord,60,"More Waitrose advert than classic Wrigleys; the Black Keys raw powers been polished. Some things are meant to stay rough around the edges."

Austin Chronicle,80,"This third solo album is a cracking collection, one that rings with the depth of twang comparable only to the likes of the legendary Ry Cooder."
Paste Magazine,77,"Full of blues and roots tracks, the new 13-song set lives up to its title."
The Guardian,70,"A lot of Seasick Steves appeal comes from this good bloke aura, a bearded Buddha of the dustbowl, drawing in fans who might otherwise run a mile from his basic, grizzled music but theres no denying the wonderful simplicity yet wholly enveloping of his music."
Clash Music,70,"On the title track, Steve asks, 'Don't you got nothin' better to do than listen to a man from another time?' The album presents itself as a fitting answer to that question, and an appeal to anyone wanting to look into the distant delta past."
BBC Music,70,"He is as American as apple pie and as crotchety as Grampa Simpson. You will not find anyone in the music business today who is more real than Seasick Steve."
Billboard.com,60,"Anyone who owns 'Seasick' Steve Wold's 2008 breakthrough album I Started Out With Nothin' and I Still Got Most of It Left won't gain too much from the follow-up."
Clash Music,60,"Steve plays all the instruments, aside from drums, and records on studio equipment of comparably venerable vintage to Steve himself. This fundamentalist approach inevitably places a huge burden on the singing and songwriting."
musicOMH.com,60,"Man from another Time is an album that sounds decidely lived-in. [Nov 2009, p.91]"
PopMatters,60,"Man From Another Time cuts a steady rolling groove that wears well, from the opening salvo of 'Diddley Bo' (which turns the Bo Diddley backbeat sideways) to the closing cover of 'I'm So Lonesome I Could Cry.'"


The Guardian,93,"With the promise of 12 fully-completed, untainted studio recordings that have otherwise gone unheard by the public (and even the most inventive of bootleggers), I arrives with considerable significance to all things guitar-worthy."
Uncut,89,"The albums crisp production captures every nuance of Hendrix technical wizardrydrums snap and guitars burble in simpatico, offering a hazy and heavy backdrop to road-trip yarns (Stone Free), flirtations with bluegrass (Crying Blue) and show-stopping covers (Sunshine of Your Love and Bleeding Heart)."
Mojo,80,"Some tunes were inexplicably excised from the original multitrack master, the liner notes say, but the bottom line is that this is a potent release full of Jimis improvisatory guitar mania."
Spin,75,"With three exceptions, the tracks are blissfully free of the overdubs and other studio manipulations that mar many of his posthumous recordings. Instead, we get a you-are-there document of Hendrix in the last volatile days of his great power trio with bassist Noel Redding and drummer Mitch Mitchell, the Experience."
Filter,70,"Are these tracks 'finished' as Hendrix would've intended? Probably not. But as a glimpse of the guitarist extending his reach beyond the Experience trio, it's thrilling."
Paste Magazine,70,"Revisited Are You Experienced cuts Fire and Red House set the tone for power trio workouts topped by the title cut, while live favourites Hear My Train A Comin and Lover Man show that Hendrix needed his own studio to replace the rubble theyd have left behind at NYCs hallowed Record Plant."
Boston Globe,67,"On Valleys of Neptune, from ''Stone Free'' to ''Red House,'' most of these tunes are glaringly familiar. The good news: The alternate versions don't seem (too) redundant, since Hendrix was one musician whose castoffs ?and outtakes are worthy of obsessive scrutiny."
Chicago Tribune,67,"As completist-pleasing collections go, this has a lot to recommend it. Just dont mistake it for anything but a postscript to a postscript to a brilliant career."
Rolling Stone,63,"Of these 12 songs, half are relatively unfamiliar, although a journey into YouTube reveals that hardcore Hendrix fans have uncovered them all before, with different names or in different forms."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Enjoyable stuff. But you have to wonder how this really aids our understanding of what Hendrix was up to, other than by reminding us that whenever he rehearsed, he recorded the session. [Apr 2010, p.108]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"While it doesn't rise to the level of his other studio albums, Valleys of Neptune is a welcome catalog addition from a tremendous talent who died too young."
The A.V. Club,60,"Taken as a whole, these poignant moments never threaten to cohere into a greater whole. [Apr 2010, p.111]"
Los Angeles Times,60,"It is lighter sonically than the Hendrix classics and laced with a handful of instruments that, despite spotlighting the guitarist's jaw-dropping fluidity, might be of limited appeal. [Apr 2010, p.127]"
Uncut,50,"The fact that the climax comprises the closest thing to a substantial recording on the album is an indictment of a release that one suspects would not have made the stores had the Hendrix estate not wished to offer a bone to new label Sony following the end of their distribution deal with Universal."
AllMusic,50,"For a visionary guy like Hendrix, this glorified compilation isn't as imaginary as it could be."

Mojo,80,"An extraordinary and stylish album."
Q Magazine,80,"Genuine Negro Jig is a stunner in every sense. Its music is as fresh and innovative as it is deeply rooted in its time and place."
BBC Music,80,"Erasing the gap between the 1930s and today, this striking North Carolina trio brings a modern sizzle to the legacy of classic African American string bands like the Mississippi Sheiks, with fiddles, banjos, and even kazoos sparking an electrifying ruckus."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"The strength of their playing and singing showed that they meant business. If anything, this set is even better and is certainly more varied."
BBC Music,78,"Several generations removed from the origins of their chosen idiom, the Carolina Chocolate Drops are nonetheless the genuine article."
musicOMH.com,70,"Genuine Negro Jig is perfectly recorded, balanced between the best sound this century can deliver and the rustic, throwback feel of an old-time string band in action at a picnic, dance or rent party in the '30s. Thats the accomplishment here."
Spin,70,"Flemons, Robinson, and Giddens pull off the trick by sinking imperceptively into the rustic ether of the string rhythms. Though the music is not without personality, it is never overwhelmed by hints of the players modern origins."

The Guardian,100,"Im New Here is an outstanding album and one of beauty and substance and for the first time in fifteen years, Scott-Heron is back."
Paste Magazine,90,"Whether these 15 tracks have helped him lay some demons to rest is impossible to say, whats beyond all doubt however, is that Im New Here is a seriously good record."
AllMusic,90,"What it does do, however, is remind us that he is a copper-bottomed genius."
PopMatters,90,"His voice a weathered and worn device, there are facets to his personality that seem to make this album work, when otherwise its disjointed presentation would seem haphazard or pasted together.  Its also very short, clocking in at shy of thirty minutes despite its fifteen tracks."
Delusions of Adequacy,87,"Reflective but never bitter, I'm New Here contains the musings of a poet wizened by hard luck."
Drowned In Sound,85,"Yet it still feels honest, like something said out of necessity instead of opportunity, and the result is an album that engages with the idea of loneliness in exceptional ways."
New Musical Express (NME),82,"It may just be his best record. Im New Here manages to pack a lifetimes worth of artistic growth in one completely unobtrusive half-hour."
No Ripcord,82,"The album sounds heavy and elusive, like a field recording, and it will surely be studied with the most powerful of cultural microscopes, but its author will just puff cigarettes and chuckle."
Billboard.com,80,"Im New Here is an unlikely but triumphant return, packed full of sadness, experience and an underlying feeling of someone making peace with their mistakes and regrets."
Pitchfork,80,"I'm New Here might turn out to be a footnote rather than an American Recordings-style new chapter, but this is as striking a return as we're likely to hear all y."
cokemachineglow,80,"Not all of it works...But, as a radical overhaul of a career, it's a brave, brilliant and highly personal statement. [Mar 2010, p.83]"
Paste Magazine,80,"Harrowing poetry is mixed with choice covers, from Smog's road-to-redemption title track to a particularly haunted take on Robert Johnson's Me and the Devil. It's blistering stuff."
BBC Music,80,"The vast majority of I'm New Here sees Scott-Heron looking back on his life. The result is remarkably honest; as he puts it at one stage, 'If you have to pay for what you've done wrong, then I've got a big bill coming'."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"The album is very much a producers piece, all layers, overdubs, and effects. Yet the swirling miasma of sound wholly suits Scott-Herons mood, which is angry yet humble, and even more his voice, which is rich and intent as ever."
Uncut,80,"This is one of the things that makes I'm New Here such a masterfully stark album. The music is darker, more mechanical than the jazz-inflected backing he used in the '70s, he exhibits few of the tendencies of the genres he helped influence."
The Guardian,80,"Forty years after his debut, Im New Here contains the artful immediacy that distinguishes Scott-Herons best art. The modern production adds immeasurably to that quality, underscores his continued relevance in reflecting the times, and opens his work to a new generation of listeners while giving older ones a righteous jolt."
musicOMH.com,80,"I'm New Here is undoubtedly a bleak record, and given Scott-Heron's trials, it's hard to imagine it being anything else. But his take recognizes a hard-earned beauty, as well."
Boston Globe,80,"I'm New Here is an album that is best appreciated as a whole, under optimum conditions, when you can really absorb what he is saying. It's worth your time and your money, and stands proudly among the better works in Gil Scott-Heron's large and impressive discography."
Slant Magazine,80,"This brutally honest record is in many ways more powerful than anything from his agitprop days."
AllMusic,80,"In short, I'm New Here is the perfect comeback album, deploying modern production in the service of timeless songcraft and personal vision."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"His first album in more than 15 years sees him back atr the musical vanguard--thanks in large part to XL boss and producer, Richard Russell, whose arrangements brilliantly frame the 60-year-old's rich burr and terse street poetry with brooding electronica and stark blues handclaps. [Mar 2010, p.106]"
RapReviews.com,80,"There is a stark grandeur in songs like the almost Leonard Cohenesque title track, and the gritty, abstract New York Is Killing Me. [Mar 2010, p97]"
NOW Magazine,75,"Scott-Heron's roughed-up reading of Bill '(Smog)' Callahan's title track certainly does the trick, though his tender take on the Bobby Blue Bland hit 'I'll Take Care of You' only makes you realize how much life he's got left in him."
Prefix Magazine,70,"His weathered voice has fissured in all the right places."
Q Magazine,60,"It's a steely blues record at heart--the sound of a damaged man staring in the mirror without self-pity but not without hope."
Mojo,60,"This albums austerity puts it more in the ranks of bizarro reduxes like Scott Walkers The Drift. Thats impressive company, but even with its slight runtime, its hard to imagine feeling compelled to come back to Im New Here once youve understood whats going on."
The Boston Phoenix,50,"The 28-minute length of this album adds to the impression that this feels more like a demo, a collection of fragments woven by Russell into a cautionary mood piece, rather than a major comeback."
Spin,30,"Im New Here is a thin affairmusically weak and lyrically narrow."

Rolling Stone,90,"This leathery roots record contains music that bridges the gap between frail flesh and powerful spirit ruggedly, sensually, and honestly, making it a work of high art."
Dusted Magazine,90,"Powerful and smart above all else, Enlightenment may just be Hubbard's finest record, and it's certainly the new decade's first essential album."
Chicago Tribune,89,"Like Lucinda Williams, every blessed bon mot Hubbard drawls sounds lowdown--and eternal."
PopMatters,70,"Hubbard may sound ragged and patchy beyond his years at times, but there is no ignoring the fact that A. Enlightenment B. Endarkenment (Hint: There Is No C) is a damn fine record from a genuine Texas songwriting institution."
AllMusic,60,"Its grit and graft will keep his cult following happy. [Apr 2010, p.112]"
Slant Magazine,60,"It's a gruff set of semi-apocalypic country-blues songs with twangy guitar and all manners of noises. [Apr 2010, p.96]"

Austin Chronicle,91,"Guitarist Marc Ribot flirts with a cornet, while Henry's sax-playing teenage son Levon makes an impressive debut. They play ballads, waltzes, and slow dances that give Henry's vignettes time to unwind, like weary travelers unpacking their burdens over cigarettes and gin."
PopMatters,90,"Ultimately, Blood from Stars is the most sophisticated, redemptive, and romantic album Henry's cut; the love songs are simply raggedly breathtaking."
Q Magazine,80,"Its that self-reflection, in addition to Henrys already well-established storytelling abilities, that lifts Blood from Stars to a new place, showing us that just because Henrys found his sound, hes not going to stop looking for surprises."
Uncut,78,"The new album is a testament to Henry's singular sonic vision and a masterful mix of history and mystery by an industry veteran who sounds like he's just getting started."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"These soulful laments and menacing gospel rumbles dont really demand attention but reward it handsomely."
AllMusic,70,"If Mr. Henry wants to suggest a less phlegmatic Tom Waits, as often seems the case here, he could stand to loosen up further. His lyrics can feel too artful, too self-conscious."
PopMatters,60,"Thats whats frustrating here--although, like Waits, hes obviously a truly poetic lyricist, the instrumentation is much more engaging than Henrys placid voice."
Billboard.com,60,"Henry lacks Wait's distinctive voice and lyrical personae, but his way with deftly arranged melodies is often superb. [Sep 2009, p.84]"
Spin,52,"Levon coaxes an intricately textured tone from his saxophone on 'Over Her Shoulder,' but generally, Joes erudition gets the better of him on this strangely dim and twinkleless album."

The New York Times,88,"Its songs cast the universal emotion as gentle on the surface, with a riptide, and some bubble with quickening desire."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Taylors tunes build and build like good dramas; he tells stories through song, and the music does the talking as much as the lyrics do."
Uncut,80,"The follow-up to an album celebrating the African roots of the banjo, Pentatonic Wars is a sprawling folk and jazz set featuring everything from cornet to cello to djembe drums as backing for Taylors resilient rasp."
Paste Magazine,80,"He manages to retain every essential element of blues tradition, sounding as basic as Hooker, yet at the same time probes ever forward into areas previously unexplored. [Sep 2009, p.96]"
Los Angeles Times,75,"Sure, there are a few moments of eye-roll inducing sap (the piano solos, dripping with emotive syrup at either end of Im not mysterious) but, overall, this collection of love songs keeps the touchy-feely at arms length and sparkles with emotional honesty."
Boston Globe,70,"Pentatonic Wars and Love Songs ends up being an urgent, stubborn, and sometimes overly dark view of love in all of its unavoidable permutations. In other words, it's exactly the kind of album of love songs you'd expect from Taylor, one that is direct and as baffling as it is challenging."
Spin,70,"The last few years, hes been expanding his sound, with mixed results. He hasnt stumbled, but he hasnt nailed it yet either. But Pentatonic Wars and Love Songs comes very close."
Mojo,60,"The pulse of the blues still beats deep in his soul but the emphasis here is on Taylor's poetic sensibility on an emotionally charged set of songs loosely dealing with the darker side of the human heart. [Sep 2009, p.96]"

Paste Magazine,88,"In Preliminaires, the Stooge King has put together a perfect soundtrack for a short, doomy stay in the Hotel Lautramont."
AllMusic,80,"Only on Nice To Be Dead does he veer into heavy guitar territory, but it fits seamlessly into the mix, making for not just his strangest set in years, but also his best."
PopMatters,80,"This may be his best album since 1977's 'Lust for Life.'"
Uncut,80,"Risky though it may have seen (in terms of both taste and talent), this is a great record."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Pop's understated delivery draws even the most skeptical of listeners in, bathing his hushed voice in beds of stark piano and tremolo-washed guitar."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Ragged glories from punk's oddball."
The Guardian,80,"Forty years after The Stooges' debut album, Iggy Pop is still heading blindly into the unknown. [Jul 2009, p.116]"
Prefix Magazine,75,"Its an album of curveballs, and while not every track finds its zone, its still a pleasure to hear Pop turn disgust into inspiration."
Billboard,70,"As always, Pop's lyrics are not something you want to spend too much time focusing on, but separated from the dumb strut of rehashed cock rock, they settle nicely into an eerie landscape of dread and malaise."
Hot Press,70,"After the novelty wears off, the keeper is his typically blunt 'Nice to Be Dead'--'Its nice to be underground/Free of the ugly sounds of life'--which happens to be the albums one electric-guitar rocker."
Q Magazine,70,"Where 'Avenue B' was a pretentious mess, Preliminaires is flawed but significantly more successful."
The A.V. Club,70,"For all its talk of death, this album feels like a rebirth."
Slant Magazine,70,"It is unusual for sure, but this is the beauty of Preliminaries. [Summer 2009, p.68]"
The New York Times,67,"Pop has crafted a stylistically variegated and broody meditation on mortality, a soundtrack for the ossuary, a lovely lust for death."
AllMusic,60,"This odd and occasionally lovely concoction might just redeem Iggy from that insurance ignominy."
Boston Globe,60,"The results feel tossed-off at times, but Iggy still flashes his charm and humor."
Under The Radar,60,"At 36 minutes, Preliminaires is slight and covers-heavy, but points to a promising new career phase for Iggy as Detroits answer to Serge."
Austin Chronicle,60,"Prliminaires applies an interesting--if not wholly successful--Aznavour twist to Iggys latter-day repertoire."
Observer Music Monthly,60,"The album has its moments, but you really couldn't call it the main event. [Jun 2009, p.99]"
Spin,60,"Fans of Iggy Pop would do well to give Preliminaires a spin, since it showcases a side of the artist not readily visible in his other work."
Uncut,54,"By being boring on purpose, Iggy ironically proves himself oddly more compelling than on his many past accidents. If it's not an album for the ages so much as for the aged, at least it's one you may want to hold on to a bit and give another shot when you get closer to where Iggy's at himself right now."
Paste Magazine,50,"Although Prliminaires has some effective moments, it comes off as an underdeveloped exercise that needs refinement."
Mojo,50,"Despite some uproariously bad crooning (in both French and English), this isn't always as terrible as it is crazy."
Tiny Mix Tapes,40,"This may be a more suitable album for a man of Iggys age to put out than his last, but that doesnt make it a better one. Indeed the idea of an inoffensive Iggy Pop album seems itself almost offensive."
Pitchfork,40,"It could have worked, but the dated production style bogs it down."
PopMatters,40,"Less a jazz album than an eclectic selection, Preliminaires is inconsistent and demonstrates Pops reluctance to deviate completely from his safety zone."
Rolling Stone,25,"Iggy sings ballads. In French. With clarinet solos. He also dabbles in Dixieland jazz, spoken word, and chilled electro-lounge music on his 15th solo album. If that sounds hideous, or hilarious, it's actually a little bit of both."

Drowned In Sound,80,"All in all, Copeland has delivered a solid set of music, easily recommended, that should please her fans and translate to some dynamic performances on tour."
NOW Magazine,80,"Rather than debut with her new label by methodically working the groove that got her here, she has cut a dozen tunes that suggest she's ready to crunch a few genres."
No Ripcord,80,"This is a more basic, stripped-down affair, yet Copeland's vocals are no less powerful. Boy, has she got a set of lungs."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Its not a big departure for Ms. Copeland, but it does open up a new way to hear her, backed by musicians like Mr. Wood, the keyboardist John Medeski and the guitarist Marc Ribot."
AllMusic,80,"Copeland herself is always gloriously centre-stage. [Jun 2009, p.108]"
Billboard,75,"Such gospel-blues burners as 'Rise Up' and 'Big Brand New Religion' show Copeland can still shake the rafters when she wants to, but the further she gets from where she's already been, the more rewarding this album is to follow."
Boston Globe,63,"The dry vocal mix leaves her somewhat narrow range exposed. It adds up to an unsatisfying whole."
The New York Times,55,"She has the potential to be the next Ann Peebles, a real superstar in the blues world. But first she needs to snap that leash."

Mojo,90,"By tapping into the limitless well of Americas musical traditions, Trucks has brought forth one of 2009s first true gems and his best effort to date."
Los Angeles Times,83,"Trucks' bluesy playing is excellent throughout, though he knows when to cede space to vocalist Mike Mattison or guest Doyle Bramhall II."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"The material is stellar."
Paste Magazine,80,"This album is his best yet with his own band, a potent dose of rock and R&B instead of the lighter jazz and world music of past efforts."
PopMatters,80,"Derek Trucks Band has produced its most commercially viable CD to date."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Mike Mattison's gritty lead vocals are fully functional, but it's Trucks' consistently mesmerising guitar and dobro that draw the ear. [Feb 2009, p.99]"
AllMusic,70,"Derek Trucks could very well be the best guitarist of his generation, and his sixth studio disc is his band's most accessible blues-rock set to date."
Boston Globe,40,"Its hard to listen to Already Free without thinking: Visine. Need Visine. Thats how redolent of pot-smoke-and-jam-band mud fields this music is."

Hartford Courant,80,"It's not much different (from their first album), and that's no bad thing with Holly Golightly and Lawyer Dave's self-produced duets recalling Leadbelly and Jimmy Reed, as well as the gospel recordings of Loretta Lynn and Nancy & Lee. [Nov 2008, p.109]"
Uncut,80,"Sounds alarmingly authentic to boot. [Nov 2008, p.102]"
Rolling Stone,70,"Dirt Don't Hurt isn't necessarily magical, but it is fun and breezy, as well as a nice addition to Golightly's impressive catalog."
Blender,70,"It's still a heartily ramshackle affair, with pots and pans for percussion, rudimentary banjo picking, and what sound like first take on every track. The album's clattery rawness is its chief appeal."
Mojo,70,"The ballads tend to turn murky, but the rockers are terrifically drunken reveries."

Uncut,80,"Maestro never sounds the least bit unfocused. Being eclectic comes naturally to Mahal, who sees to it that Maestro is a consistently engaging celebration of his 40th year as a recording artist."
AllMusic,80,"The album is a refreshing reminder that, in the right hands, the blues is very much a living genre that need not be stuck in a formulaic 12-bar past."
Pitchfork,60,"Hearing Mahal mimic African Blues players is usually fun, but 'Zanzibar' is underwhelming. But when Ben Harper turns his guitar up, things get interesting. [Nov 2008, p.116]"
Spin,60,"It's an entertaining set, and makes an intriguing contrast to his early classic, 'The Natch'l Blues,' recorded back in 1968 and now rereleased, with light, rhythmic songs like 'Corinna' or 'She Caught the Katy' and 'Left Me a Mule to Ride' still sounding as fresh as ever."
AllMusic,60,"This album is a testament that shows Mahal can still make a solid folk blues record. One just presumes a maestro should do more than that."
Hartford Courant,40,"As a studio album it's dull and rather pointless. [Dec 2008, p.116]"

Mojo,90,"Hobo Journeyman enlists the help of Nick Cave, KT Tunstall and Ruby Turner to deliver winning album."
The Guardian,80,"'My Youth,' a desolate mediation on ageing, it's the best thing here, and there's not a hint of the dusty tracks about it."
PopMatters,80,"It all proves that Seasick Steve is at his strongest when hes playing solo."
Uncut,80,"His whip-smart three-string guitar licks still take centre stage and his banter sizzles with the personality and charm that have won him so many new admirers. [Oct 2008, p.112]"
Hot Press,70,"If you relax into it, and not expect the same experience as seeing Steve live, it's pretty good."
The Guardian,60,"The album's sole significant guest, Nick Cave, emerges on the stalking 'Just Like A King,' but elsewhere there's sadly no real sign of the poetic edge that he or the pick of the earlier troubadours can produce."
Uncut,60,"There's nothing remotely new or sophisticated about any of it. Instead the album happily operates at the most instinctual gut level, oozing authenticity in a way that Jack White, say, would give his front teeth for. [Nov 2008, p.111]"
Mojo,20,"Is this the best we can do? Desperate-to-be-authentic, carbohydrate-stodgy white blues, played by an elderly man pretending to be a tramp? Really, you deserve better."

musicOMH.com,91,"Elegiac by intent, the record is awash in poignancy, radiating from the deeply felt guitar and vocal performances of the 83-year-old King and his supporting band (anchored by drummer Jim Keltner, bassist Nathan East and pianist Dr. John) and from the carefully chosen material."
Dot Music,90,"Even if King winds up returning to his familiar slick, star-studded sound somewhere down the line, having an album as earthily elegant as One Kind Favor in his canon provides a fitting coda for one of the great musical careers of the 20th century."
Q Magazine,88,"This is his best since his 2000 collaboration with Eric Clapton, 'Riding with the King.'"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"He and Lucille are still as one and the guitar licks come exquisite and often. [Nov 2008, p.119]"
Paste Magazine,80,"The result is a rich, easy-rolling album that finds King's fingers still nimble and his megaphone voice barely creaking. [Dec 2008, p.100]"
AllMusic,80,"This isn't just B.B. King's best album in years, it's one of the strongest studio sets of his career, standing alongside classics such as 'Singin' the Blues' and 'Lucille.'"
The Boston Phoenix,80,"The ache, the anger, the elegance and the edge of Mr. Kings blues are undiminished and authentic."
Mojo,60,"This is his best in aeons. [Nov 2008, p.121]"

Uncut,91,"Two Men With The Blues is Willie at his most limber--and the surprise is that his co-star, the oft-formal Wynton Marsalis, sounds just as loose."
Rolling Stone,90,"It's a flat-out joy."
The New York Times,90,"Ten exuberant, tender, casually elegant tracks later you realize - much to your surprise, if you're like me--that the pairing of the grizzled country star and the suave jazz master is an unmitigated, ear-tickling success."
Q Magazine,90,"Accompanying a pure individualist and plain speaker like Nelson strips the Marsalis Quintet of its preciousness.  Here, Marsalis and company sound natural, loose, gritty, and certainly inspired."
The A.V. Club,83,"Willie and Wynton may seem like an odd couple, but this live disc makes the country legend amd jazz master sound like natural partners. [11 Jul 2008, p.75]"
AllMusic,80,"This performance with trumpeter Wynton Marsalis feels like a long-overdue summit meeting. These renditions of classics--including some of Willies own--sound completely natural."
Boston Globe,80,"Armstrongs example created the conditions for this to happen, and the record is an almost classical example of his old game: eluding American stereotypes of country, city, blues, jazz, race, class, humor and sadness."
PopMatters,80,"Impressive without being pretentious, Two Men possesses an urbane strut thats perfect for jazzheads--and their country cousins."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Aside from standout individual performances, what makes this vibrant session click so naturally is the collaborative spirit bonding these two great American artists tapping into the rich, varied legacy of our popular music."
Paste Magazine,80,"Although Willie Nelson changes for no one, hes just as comfortable in your living room as he is in his, so its no surprise that a summit with Wynton Marsalis combo, recorded live at Jazz at Lincoln Center last year, is so inspired. [Summer 2008]"
The New York Times,80,"An album whose enviably assured vibe pretty much drips out of the speakers."
Vibe,80,"Sure, the novelty helps, and if it recurs too often, the glee of hearing Nelson and Marsalis mesh will diminish. But hearing once how they play with and against each other is a real treat."
Hartford Courant,80,"[A] gem-filled recording. [Aug 2008, p.111]"
Under The Radar,80,"Willie's laidback voice is on top form, and for once, Wynton's garrulous trumpet takes a back seat, leaving space for some smart interjections from Mickey Rafael's harmonica and Walter Blanding's tenor sax. [Aug 2008, p.100]"
Billboard,70,"When the singers overfamiliarity with certain material risks turning him nonchalant, Dan Nimmers barrelhouse piano picks up the slack; just when youre ready to give up on an uninspired Hank Williams cover, some New Orleans parade funk kicks in."
Village Voice,60,"There's too much jokey bluster, and little ground is broken, but this is an entertaining diversion."
Mojo,60,"This good-humoured set is sometimes a little too comfortable, but it's hard to gripe when they play Hoagy Carmichael songs 'Stardust' and 'Georgia On My Mind.' [Aug 2008, p.140]"
Uncut,50,"While this summit doesn't offer enough to interest more than the converted, the magnitude of the encounter tends to transcend whatever music is created."
Blender,40,"Dont count on hearing any lively back-and-forth exchanges, though, theyre clearly too respectful of each other to risk stepping on any toes in public."

Observer Music Monthly,80,"In catharsis lies energy, and this, ultimately, is a very joyful, uplifting album. [Nov 2008, p.108]"
Q Magazine,80,"If only all music was this fun. [Nov 2008, p.102]"
Austin Chronicle,60,"It isn't a disaster by any means--well-recorded, enthusiastic sounding songs are always a treat--but it's in the end pleasant, not striking."
NOW Magazine,60,"It's unfortunate, then, that the veteran Seasick Steve is making bigger waves with a similar sound.Nevertheless, while Cavalli's thunder has been stolen, lightning remains in these woozy, boozy stompers that aren't unduly burdened by the familiarity of howling winds and the obligatory appearance by the Devil."
Mojo,40,"Cryland is, for the most part, a collection of psyched-up blues riffs that underpin lyrics full of anachronistic clichs about old-time religion and various other tried-and-true topics about which people sing The Blues."

Uncut,80,"Familiar, sure, but a highly potent blend of the ancient and modern nevertheless. [Sep 2003, p.98]"
AllMusic,80,"Right now this frazzled trio are the true sound of Detroit - confident, smart and absolutely essential."
The Guardian,80,"Way more inventive than the garage-blues hordes. [Sep 2003, p.111]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"Amazing how this old-fangled stuff can still sound so good."
Uncut,70,"They've got groove, feeling, and they regurgitate these moods and riffs with the same gleeful spirit as did the people they're nicking 'em from. [Aug 2003, p.99]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"If you're looking for a wild blues party, Voice of Treason isn't quite it, but if you want to hear musicians who can respect their influences while kicking it out, then the Soledad Brothers are right down your alley."
Q Magazine,52,"This is a pretty uninspired piece of work."

The Guardian,83,"Hammond's own raucous come-on, 'Slick Crown Vic,' fits in perfectly. [21 Feb 2003, p.150]"
Mojo,80,"From the sound of Hammonds latest it seems the swampy spunk of Wicked Grin has kept him fired up."
AllMusic,80,"Unfolds like a hand-stitched musical patchwork quilt, gently educating its listeners in the great American songster tradition. [Apr 2003, p.114]"
Stylus Magazine,80,"By not taking the easy way out, Ready for Love is a successful experiment that nudges at John Hammond's limitations while satisfying his recently acquired, larger fan base."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Even the contemporary numbers sound like classics."
Launch.com,80,"Juke joint heaven. [May 2003, p.106]"
Mojo,80,"Like bourbon, his voice only gets more seductively potent with age."
AllMusic,70,"[Hammond's] 'Crown Vic'... fits snugly among these relaxed, happily run-down blues. [#14, p.136]"
Amazon.com,40,"Even when he picks up the pace, he sounds a little weary."

Q Magazine,91,"In the tradition of Johnny Cash, Waylon Jennings, Woody Guthrie and even Bruce Springsteen, Earle has a knack for hard-nosed poetry."
Billboard,90,"Another sterling and fearless entry in the Earle discography."
Blender,83,"Jerusalem is consciously ugly and gnarled, its characters troubled and troubling. [4 Oct 2002, p.153]"
Rolling Stone,80,"The eclectic, pan-genre disc opens -- as did 2000's Transcendental Blues -- as an unabashed rocker, but this time around Earle uses the heavy artillery to underscore weightier worldly themes."
E! Online,80,"His most strident work in years."
Launch.com,80,"If you buried Bob Dylan's Blood On The Tracks in a graveyard for 200 years and then dug it up, it would sound like this corroded, bottom-heavy music. [#11, p.134]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Jerusalem is the work of a thinking troublemaker with a loving heart, and while more than a few people will be angered by some of his views, Earle asks too many important questions to ignore, and the album is a brave and thought-provoking work of political art."
CDNow,80,"Most of the music here finds Earle in admirable form. [Oct 2002, p.106]"
Rolling Stone,80,"One of his most memorable recordings."
Blender,80,"Earle's strongest release in some time."
AllMusic,80,"He hasn't sounded this corrosive since Copperhead Road. [Nov 2002, p.115]"
Q Magazine,80,"Jerusalem is the most musically focused Steve Earle album in ages."
The A.V. Club,60,"While on occasion disappointingly heavy handed, the more wistful moments shine through the murk. [Nov 2002, p.105]"
Stylus Magazine,56,"These tried-and-true structures can seem fried-and-false."
Uncut,50,"Unfortunately, for every song that pulls at the heartstrings or prompts a minor political epiphany, Earle has included muddled-headed efforts that don't pass muster."

PopMatters,91,"Simply striking."
Mojo,90,"Easily one of the year's top 10, if not top five."
Pitchfork,80,"It's the breath-taking songwriting that clinches the deal here."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Kasey Chambers has created a series of stirring, passionate songs that capture raw emotion and a simultaneous toughness amidst a blend of country, blues, and folk musical influences."
E! Online,80,"An album of tough-edged, passion-fuelled songs full of real emotion. [Jun 2002, p.109]"
PopMatters,80,"Chambers's two solo records are more fun than a barrel of Foster's, mostly because she doesn't sound daunted by the history of the music."
CDNow,75,"In saluting hell-raisers of country past, Chambers unintentionally illustrates she should be more of one herself."
Billboard,70,"In stark contrast to most Nashville and alt.country products, even when the words let it down, Barricades & Brickwalls is carried by its classic sound."
Uncut,60,"The white-girl blues thing very rarely does anybody any good."
Village Voice,60,"Barricades and Brickwalls paints a broad spectrum of alt.country/ bluegrass/honkytonk music, and that variety is its greatest strength."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"It's a little one-paced over the long haul, and she does wail at inappropriate moments, but there's enough here to build on. [May 2002, p.108]"
Neumu.net,50,"Chambers' voice is a birdie chirp. She's sexy, but has less edge than the tiniest bleached-blond in the Dixie Chicks and half the sass of Dolly Parton."

AllMusic,90,"The album's electrifying, hypnotic songs are hard to shake."
CultureDose.net,83,"Essential Burnside, especially for beginners. [9 Nov 2001, p.110]"
Q Magazine,80,"The 74-year-old singer/guitarist rocks out furiously for the better part of the set, evoking obvious predecessors such as Muddy Waters and John Lee Hooker."
L.A. Weekly,80,"Burnside and Co. play with a perfect recklessness, as though no one was listening."
PopMatters,75,"Backed by 22-year-old grandson Cedric Burnside on drums and longtime slide-guitar partner Kenny Brown, the trio locks into a groove almost instinctually on tracks like 'Skinny Woman' and 'Goin' Down South.'"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"The likes of the gnarled, rough-edged Rollin' & Tumblin' serve as vital pieces of living history from the last of a generation. [Dec 2001, p.120]"
AllMusic,60,"If you thought they didn't make 'em like this anymore, here's the exception that proves the rule. [Feb 2002, p.112]"

Rolling Stone,90,"His album of Waits' penned-and-produced songs may be the masterwork of Hammond's long career, as well as further testament to Waits' unique genius."
E! Online,90,"A near-perfect mix of two sympathetic talents operating in top form."
Q Magazine,90,"Wicked Grin is a rousingly successful experiment. The album's best moments equal -- and often surpass -- anything in both artists' consistently creative careers."
Uncut,90,"In Hammond, [Waits] has found a worthy collaborator, one who gets to the heart of what these strange lyrics are actually about and imbues their sharp angles, acute observations and nicotine-stained introspection with some real insight and understanding."
Rolling Stone,85,"As expressive as Hammond's guitar work is on signature songs like 'Heartattack and Vine,' it still has a sweet sound, and that, too, is mostly a new context for Waits' songs. The horror and the hardness is less immediate, slightly more mannered."
The A.V. Club,80,"The collaboration ultimately benefits both players, adding a touch of art house abandon to Hammond's at times studied formalism, and authenticity to Waits' Martian grease-monkey blues."
CDNow,80,"Hammond's vocal, minus Waits's affected (and annoying) growl, puts the emphasis where it belongs--on the songs. The effect is to make peculiar vistas like 'Jockey Full Of Bourbon' and 'Murder In The Red Barn' even more vivid and the tunes truly sound like artifacts from another era."
Dot Music,80,"Wicked Grin is a bona fide revelation.... A rambunctious joy from beginning to end."
Wall of Sound,80,"Choosing from a wide variety of Waits' material, Hammond infuses these unusual tracks with a bluesman's spirit and a crackling energy that practically reinvents the songs, instilling them with an ominous, rhythmic swampy feel."
Sonicnet,70,"The material is perfectly suited to Hammond's subtle syncopation and sauntering vocals. The warmth of the recording makes it seem all the more like listening to a master storyteller sharing tales that have been passed down through generations."

Launch.com,80,"As a slice of rootsy blues, it works nicely."
Q Magazine,80,"Reptile shows the guitar legend continuing to explore classic blues-derived sounds with palpable sincerity and conviction."
AllMusic,74,"A smooth and engaging affair, with consistently strong singing and playing from Clapton."
HOB.com,70,"Over the course of fourteen tracks, Clapton blends virtually every style he's worked in during the past thirty-five years. Whether it will strike your ears as something-for-everyone generosity or a patchy jumble probably depends on how much of a purist you are."
CDNow,70,"With guitars down in the mix (when they aren't unplugged altogether), Clapton's ever-evolving voice is the real centerpiece."
Billboard,60,"There's nothing intrinsically wrong with this album - just the airbrushed production of tracks like James Taylor's 'Don't Let Me Be Lonely' robs them of any true grit and soul they might have had. And that, in a nutshell, is the problem afflicting Clapton at the moment, making for yet another average album to add to the list."
Wall of Sound,60,"It's that sense of doing just enough but no more that permeates this album, at times rendering it laid back to the point of disengaged."
Rolling Stone,50,"At its very best, 'Superman Inside' for example, Reptile is as expressive as anything he did in the nineties. The other half of Reptile is a series of oddball genre digressions and cornball balladeering."
Sonicnet,50,"But at heart, Reptile is yet another version of the tepid corporate rock records Clapton's been making ever since 1974's bestselling 461 Ocean Boulevard."

Dot Music,90,"The music gets gorgeously bizarre, but there is always a sleepy dog and a piece of apple pie waiting at night's end."
Q Magazine,90,"Blues Dream is both a compendious evocation and synthesis of a range of genres that never sounds merely eclectic... It's one of Frisell's most ambitious productions to date. [#207, p.61]"
New York Magazine (Vulture),80,"With the addition of trumpet, trombone, and alto sax to his quartet sound, however, Frisell is on the job with a jumbo-sized sonic palette. The results, tune by tune, are as eccentric as they are intriguing."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Blues Dream is one of those rare instrumental records that neither bores or infuriates."
Launch.com,80,"Frisells fondness for putting unusual combinations of instruments together adds to the overall effect, leaving the listener to wonder why no one has ever tried this before. Blues Dream is a lovely release that should satisfy Frisell fans as well as jazz, country, and blues fans looking for a genre bending experience."
The Wire,80,"Blues Dream, Frisell's best collection since 1995's breakthrough Nashville, frequently incorporates blues as the base for a strong batch of evocative arrangements..."
Billboard,80,"With the twangy, kaleidoscopic blend of country blues, downtown jazz and so many other unexpected flavors and sounds on Bill Frisell's latest album, Blues Dream, one can't help but be reminded a little of the updated American folkloric music score in the Coen Brothers' latest film."

PopMatters,75,"Her voice isn't quite the nasty snarl it once was, but the attitude remains. [1/5/2001, p.70]"
AllMusic,70,"Though not as raw as the original versions, due mainly to the sometimes overly polished production of her sons Donto James and Sametto James, Etta's raw voice alone helps to retain the melancholy moods of these tales of lost love, strife, and movin' on."
The A.V. Club,70,"A solid return to roots, Matriarch of the Blues finds Etta James reclaiming her throne -- and defying anyone to knock her off it."
Sonicnet,60,"Though many of the songs here are associated with male artists, James usually succeeds in injecting her own womanly strength and style into her renditions, making the tunes indisputably her own."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"For all its merits, though, Matriarch is enjoyable but not quite the transcendent experience its title would suggest."

Vibe,90,"O Brother, Where Art Thou?, features some of the finest bluegrass and old-school twang to be assembled in one place in recent memory. Put together by a team that includes production maestro T-Bone Burnett and singer Gillian Welch, O Brother is carefully -- almost encyclopedically -- compiled, with an emphasis on the sort of gospel-like, acoustic-and-harmony-reliant country once popularized by the Carter Family and other such groups."
Rolling Stone,90,"This soundtrack is a powerful tribute not only to the time-honored but commercially ignored genres of bluegrass and mountain music but also to Burnett's remarkable skills as a producer."
Sonicnet,83,"As an album, easily stands on its own."
HOB.com,80,"What a refreshing rarity this is: movie music that's vital to the story being told, yet proudly standing on its own, with no trace of SoundScan calculation in its choices."
CDNow,70,"The Coen brothers, together with producer T Bone Burnett, have assembled a collection of folk, bluegrass, gospel and hobo country so true to the music's down-home, egalitarian roots that it's hard to distinguish the old tracks from the new and the folk heroes from screen actors."
AllMusic,70,"This ambitious project explores roots music without the scholarly subtext of an Alan Lomax recording, offering instead a simple but powerful reinterpretation of the originals."

Entertainment Weekly,88,"Unlike his previous efforts, the guitar isn't the focal point here; instead, it's the ambience created by tape loops, scratching, and Burnside's singing and talking that makes the record both edgy and relevant."
Sonicnet,80,"R.L.'s voice has never been so well recorded. The dark, deep, weathered, grain stands its ground alongside the greatest living roots legends: John Lee Hooker and Johnny Cash."
Rolling Stone,80,"Burnside's singing is the strongest it's been in years, hitting aching falsettos in 'Bad Luck City' and then, on the title track, letting his voice get as dark and gritty as the silt of the Mississippi River."
Wall of Sound,75,"The legendary bluseman returns to a straightforward John Lee Hooker/'Mississippi' Fred McDowell style, yet still incorporates the turntable scratches and ambient beats that made him an indie-rock hero. [11/3/2000, p.83]"
Wall of Sound,70,"The results [of the combination of DJ culture and blues] sound less contrived on this outing [than on 1998's Come On In]. [#48, p.81]"
PopMatters,70,"The guitars (some by occasional Beck and Tom Waits sideman Smokey Hormel) snap out repetitive riffage that's one step from cliche. But Burnside's singing has never been more compelling on record."
Spin Cycle,70,"The modern touches in particular - set in such sharp contrast to the rawness of the more human elements - make this an artistic statement worth hearing. If it can't quite match the cathartic experience of listening to some of the early masters, it still beats the increasingly slick face much blues music has taken on in recent times."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"The fact that Burnside doesn't play guitar provides the first bad omen, and the busy, style-jumping production does the rest.... There's a decent Burnside album buried here, with spare songs like the title track providing the strongest moments."
Magnet,60,"The higher production values simply water down R.L.'s natural vigour. [Jan 2001, p. 103]"

Rolling Stone,91,"Winding through the psychedelic title track, the ''Rubber Soul''-ish pop, the garage rock, and the lovely ''Eire meets Tennessee'' ''The Galway Girl,'' ''Blues'' is his musical road map."
HOB.com,90,"Steve Earle adds yet another masterwork to his disparate collection of classics..."
The A.V. Club,90,"'Transcendental Blues' is a deeply personal album steeped in pain and loneliness."
Mojo,90,"Transcendental Blues epitomizes musical craftsmanship; it simmers instead of sizzles, meaning it's solid throughout and has no shortage of good songs... [w]hat is missing in the mix here is Earle at his angriest..."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"Steve Earle proves again and again that he is the original alternative to the glossy side of Nashville."
Billboard,83,"It's not precisely rock and roll, more a summary of the stylistic fusion that has evolved over his last five albums: unequal parts rock, bluegrass, folk, Irish, and punk."
Salon.com,81,"Earle's music doesn't simply mirror the transcendence of its creator; it lends transcendence to the listener as well, as all excellent music will. But what truly makes this one of Earle's best records is that he refuses to be pulled down by musical decisions. It's as if he never faced a problem of whether or not to add this or that instrument, or to veer off in this or that direction. He simply had the idea and went with it."
Checkout.com,80,"Transcendental Blues measures up to the tough artistic standards Earle has set for himself since 1986's Guitar Town."
AllMusic,80,"Extending his winning streak to five albums, he's become a paragon of quality and musical honesty."
Wall of Sound,80,"This may be the Steve Earle album for people who've never been Steve Earle fans before."
Pitchfork,80,"Some of the best music he's created since his release from prison on drug charges nearly six years ago."
CDNow,80,"The writing shines throughout... Steve Earle seems able to do anything he cares to."
The A.V. Club,80,"Earle has let the spook out of the closet, so he can bare his spiritual chest (as it were) with a Lennonesque honesty and a vocal delivery that increasingly resembles Tom Petty's sub-Dylan sneer."
Launch.com,80,"There is no doubt that his songwriting chops just keep on getting better."
Spin Cycle,70,"Transcendental Blues is an intermittently twangy, often trippy and, yes, generally transcendent outing."

