Austin Chronicle,89,"Constructed of parts from Assemble Head in Sunburst Sound, Comets on Fire, and Howlin Rain, the eponymous San Francisco quartet drowns ethereal folk melodies in a cauldron of distortion and feedback."
The Line of Best Fit,85,"Yes, notes and chords are fun and all, but these songs are precisely-controlled messes, and beautifully so. Simply put, Heron Oblivion is a guitar-centric record for those who thought Marquee Moon was too linear."
Classic Rock Magazine,80,"Its the pastoral style of Pentangle overlaid with crazed early-70s wah-wah duelling--think a pistols-at-dawn affaire dhonneur between Larry Wallis and Mick Bolton--and its very good indeed."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Rock that soothes and sears at once is a rare thing, and Heron Oblivion has made a whole album that makes the contradictions feel like an ancient tradition."
Blurt Magazine,80,"One of the strongest debut albums in recent memory."
The Wire,80,"The guitar duels still give plenty of heat and smoke, but they're more smouldering and linear than Comets' intemperate explosions. [Mar 2016, p.46]"
The 405,80,"It's quite simply a thrilling, white-knuckle ride of a record. Its quieter moments are really just momentary respite from a soaring squall of sonic psychedelics."
The New York Times,80,"A Heron Oblivion moment--theres a powerful one in nearly every track."
Mojo,80,"Their debut album triumphs, thanks to how well those constituent parts complement each other. [Apr 2016, p.91]"
AllMusic,80,"On their debut album, they strike a balance between delicate, pastoral folk and heavy, loud space rock, with Meg Baird's fragile, wispy vocals sharing the stage with Noel von Harmonson and Charlie Saufley's crushing guitar solos."
Pitchfork,77,"The songs are moody and dark, with clear moments of guitar solo-driven catharsis."
Uncut,70,"Trees might be the best '70s antecedent; the Japanese Ghost a more modern analogue for these seething reveries, tantalisingly poised on the edge of freak-out. [Apr 2016, p.74]"
Q Magazine,60,"Baird's pure vocals might promise a bucolic dream, but there's the seed of a nightmare mushrooming here, a tension Heron Oblivion push as far out as they can. [Apr 2016, p.107]"
Record Collector,60,"The songs arent always resolved and have an element of hit-or-miss jam around the edges, but they are thrilling at times."

Magnet,90,"A brilliant pastiche of styles. [No. 125, p.57]"
PopMatters,80,"Ttheir latest offering is inevitably a step forward. By moving on while still playing around with their familiar aesthetics, they reach the kind of artistic balance most people can only envy. That is, effortless progress."
NOW Magazine,80,"Things mostly stay low-key and subtle, with Ejstes's guitar growing righteously wild just once, on En Dag P Sjn, one of several instrumentals."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Even when Ejstes and his combo stretch out, they do so in a catchy way. Sometimes they do it the old-fashioned way with a big, memorable melody. Other times it is a cool sound framed just so."
Uncut,80,"Allas Sak marks another gentle shift in direction for Gustav Ejstes, and though Dungen are not saying anything new, they're at least articulating timeless emotion in a classy fashion. [Nov 2015, p.75]"
The Quietus,80,"Whilst bands like Tame Impala made a quick buck imitating aspects of Dungen's sound, Allas Sak shows that Gustave Ejstes will continue to perfect and update his craft."
AllMusic,80,"Allas Sak proves that they are still as good as ever, if not better, and can still teach those who have followed in their wake a thing or two about crafting a satisfying album."
The New York Times,80,"Whats special is the less cosmic parts: the hard, self-contained compositions at the center of these tracks."
Mojo,80,"A serious trip. [Oct 2015, p.95]"
The Line of Best Fit,80,"Dungen are back, the same as ever but a little bit more so this time around."
Pitchfork,80,"While the execution has at times wavered over the years, Allas Sak finds the band fully re-engaged in the sound that it has staked out over the past decade--performing music thats still as beautiful, optimistic, strange, and singular as ever."
Clash Music,70,"This may be the sound of an artist working with a formula: a formula that is certainly an effective, endearing one, but a formula nonetheless."
Drowned In Sound,70,"The instrumental and compositional mastery on show is staggering. Whether it will make a dent in the consciousness of those who don't spend their time watching at the edges of the prog-rock firmament is another question entirely."
Mixmag,70,"On 'Franks Kaktus' they squeal and screech against skirls of powerful blues strumming and thumping congas; things calm down on 'Flickor Och Pojkar' ('boys and girls' in Swedish), whose vibes and languid bass recall classic Air."
Under The Radar,65,"Allas Sak is a nice enough record. It sounds exactly like Dungen. No surprises."
Q Magazine,60,"Folk and indie-pop influences are as prevalent as prog's darker hue, making Allas Sak far less challenging than it might have been in less thoughtful hands. [Nov 2015, p.109]"

The Quietus,80,"The Budos Band are the real deal, and Burnt Offering is quite a ride. For connoisseurs of heavy sounds, I can't recommend this highly enough."
Q Magazine,80,"[A] terrific fourth album. [Nov 2014, p.102]"
AllMusic,80,"While the album's roots are deeply embedded in the past, the band has never sounded more present tense."
Blurt Magazine,80,"One imagines certain purist fans recoiling and dropping out while a host of newcomers discover em."
Paste Magazine,78,"There are still irresistible dance grooves here, but also more segments that are likely to call for headphone introspection. It might even be safer than that out-of-control feeling on Budos Band III."
Pitchfork,73,"Burnt Offering has its own kind of subtlety, and most of it is in the interplay between meter, genre, and mood."
Magnet,70,"Burnt Offering resembles nothing so much as the soundtrack to a '70s exploitation flick. That's no dig. [No. 116, p.55]"
Uncut,70,"Recorded live: there's a twisting, doomy intensity to these 10 instrumentals. [Dec 2014, p.73]"
Under The Radar,65,"It's totally instrumental and unlike much else being but out today. [Dec 2014, p.90]"

AllMusic,80,"Where Vol. 1 presented shorter versions of singles from their earliest incarnation and shaped them into a seamless full-length, this set is different in approach and sound, though no less worthy. It covers a wider sonic scope and brings us up to 2009 in their evolution."
Drowned In Sound,80,"While there will always be the criticism that a Wooden Shjips record is a merely an acquired taste of familiar morsels, the ripened fruits within never fail to satisfy the palette on every count, and even though some of Vol. 2 may be three years old, its a more than worthy addition to anyone's sonic menu."
Uncut,80,"This fine collection is actually more enjoyable than the Shjips' second album proper. [Apr 2010, p.109]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Wooden Shjips obviously arent interested in the same progressive spirit as the likes of fellow travellers Oneida but theyre still damn effective at what they do."
musicOMH.com,70,"No weirder-than-thou fragments and rejected material here, though: this is a seven-track collection that holds a general, accessible appeal for fans of all things sunfried and fuzzed-out."
Pitchfork,63,"You'd be forgiven for expecting little more than fan-bait out of a release that gathers the band's between-album singles and rarities. But the big draw of Wooden Shjips is the way they go about streamlining multiple strains of psychedelic rock with the single-mindedness of a band more interested in refinement than experimentation, and there's plenty of refined material on Vol. 2."
The Guardian,60,"Onstage, they probably blow minds; on record, they're for genre fans only."

Filter,93,"With the promise of 12 fully-completed, untainted studio recordings that have otherwise gone unheard by the public (and even the most inventive of bootleggers), I arrives with considerable significance to all things guitar-worthy."
Paste Magazine,89,"The albums crisp production captures every nuance of Hendrix technical wizardrydrums snap and guitars burble in simpatico, offering a hazy and heavy backdrop to road-trip yarns (Stone Free), flirtations with bluegrass (Crying Blue) and show-stopping covers (Sunshine of Your Love and Bleeding Heart)."
Boston Globe,80,"Some tunes were inexplicably excised from the original multitrack master, the liner notes say, but the bottom line is that this is a potent release full of Jimis improvisatory guitar mania."
Chicago Tribune,75,"With three exceptions, the tracks are blissfully free of the overdubs and other studio manipulations that mar many of his posthumous recordings. Instead, we get a you-are-there document of Hendrix in the last volatile days of his great power trio with bassist Noel Redding and drummer Mitch Mitchell, the Experience."
Rolling Stone,70,"Are these tracks 'finished' as Hendrix would've intended? Probably not. But as a glimpse of the guitarist extending his reach beyond the Experience trio, it's thrilling."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Revisited Are You Experienced cuts Fire and Red House set the tone for power trio workouts topped by the title cut, while live favourites Hear My Train A Comin and Lover Man show that Hendrix needed his own studio to replace the rubble theyd have left behind at NYCs hallowed Record Plant."
Entertainment Weekly,67,"On Valleys of Neptune, from ''Stone Free'' to ''Red House,'' most of these tunes are glaringly familiar. The good news: The alternate versions don't seem (too) redundant, since Hendrix was one musician whose castoffs ?and outtakes are worthy of obsessive scrutiny."
The A.V. Club,67,"As completist-pleasing collections go, this has a lot to recommend it. Just dont mistake it for anything but a postscript to a postscript to a brilliant career."
Los Angeles Times,63,"Of these 12 songs, half are relatively unfamiliar, although a journey into YouTube reveals that hardcore Hendrix fans have uncovered them all before, with different names or in different forms."
Uncut,60,"Enjoyable stuff. But you have to wonder how this really aids our understanding of what Hendrix was up to, other than by reminding us that whenever he rehearsed, he recorded the session. [Apr 2010, p.108]"
AllMusic,60,"While it doesn't rise to the level of his other studio albums, Valleys of Neptune is a welcome catalog addition from a tremendous talent who died too young."
Mojo,60,"Taken as a whole, these poignant moments never threaten to cohere into a greater whole. [Apr 2010, p.111]"
Q Magazine,60,"It is lighter sonically than the Hendrix classics and laced with a handful of instruments that, despite spotlighting the guitarist's jaw-dropping fluidity, might be of limited appeal. [Apr 2010, p.127]"
BBC Music,50,"The fact that the climax comprises the closest thing to a substantial recording on the album is an indictment of a release that one suspects would not have made the stores had the Hendrix estate not wished to offer a bone to new label Sony following the end of their distribution deal with Universal."
The Boston Phoenix,50,"For a visionary guy like Hendrix, this glorified compilation isn't as imaginary as it could be."

No Ripcord,80,"Golden Triangle isnt the second coming of anything in particular, but they at least know what theyre doing."
Austin Chronicle,78,"Golden Triangle gets in and gets out, but they have fun doing it."
PopMatters,70,"The record is full of tight rock songs, but these ladies really distinguish themselves when they stretch out."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"The brightest spot of this release comes in the form of the upbeat Jinx, where the band almost cracks a smile despite the subject matter. Even though the band comes from Brooklyn, the Sleater-Kinney vocalisms on Jinx only further Golden Triangles Seattle leanings."
Pitchfork,62,"While most of Double Jointer's tracks are at least good, the band doesn't tap into that spirit often enough, and ultimately it leaves the album feeling a bit flat."
AllMusic,60,"Despite the obvious stylistic proficiency at play, Double Jointer is a bit too au courant (maybe it's all that reverb) to have much of a long-term impact."
Dusted Magazine,60,"The songs are fun in a fizzy, party-in-a-box, ephemeral way, but nowhere near as interesting as those of similarly structured (part-female, double-guitared, 1960s-inspired) Fresh & Onlys."
Under The Radar,50,"Double Jointer primal high may entertain for a while, but there is an unhealthy amount of reverb deflating this trip. [Spring 2010, p.72]"

AllMusic,80,"If anything, the album almost feels like a spiritual sequel to their full-length debut, 'Methodrone,' with its similarly lengthy tracks and more studio-focused approach rather than live rock & roll bash and crash, but where that album drowned a bit in the end, Who Killed Sgt. Pepper? finds its creators at a remarkable new high."
musicOMH.com,80,"Half remembered, half acknowledged, half understood, it is, in short, very subtly brilliant."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Flitting between ambient sequences and army-of-guitars maelstroms, this 71-minute magnum opus was recorded in Berlin and Iceland, but loaded with rampant Anglophilia, evident in a Joy Division homage and John Lennon interview clips."
Filter,80,"From the album's opening electro-tribal groove to Tunger Hnifer's distorted bass and scratching vocals, the instrumentation throughout Who Killed Sgt. Pepeer? is both massive and of the varied type. [Winter 2010, p.98]"
Clash Music,70,"As always the songs veer wildly from ambient interludes, funky Beta Band-esque workouts to fierce garage rockers. Looking at the material here though, they remain a band to be reckoned with. Their lo-fi, experimental psych rock is as potent as ever with Newcombe a character to be cherished."
Drowned In Sound,70,"There will be those who'll look at the sleeve, read the controversial title and dismiss the record on the assumption that Anton Newcombe has lost his marbles again. However, venture beyond Who Killed Sgt Pepper's disparaging parameters and there's several exquisite gems to be discovered here."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Pepper finds the band attacking a multitude of oddball genres--the disc spins from post-rock to electronica to rock to sheer noise--with a frightening focus for such sonic stream-of-consciousness exploits."
BBC Music,60,"Its a melee of styles and disparate ideas  some inspired, some falling woefully short. If its sheer reach borders on folly, its still enjoyable as hell."
Pitchfork,57,"It's the Brian Jonestown Massacre album that's the least informed by the usual parade of 1960s mod/psych influences, opting instead for flirtations with disco rhythms, drum loops, boom-box beats and house-diva wails. In a sense, Newcombe has simply replaced one form of repetition (droning/jangly guitar jams) for another (dance workouts)."
Under The Radar,50,"At over 71 minutes, the album is overlong, but at least it is cohesive."
Uncut,40,"Their latest was recorded in Berlin and Iceland, with whichever musicians were around at the time, lending Newcombe's whacked-out psychedelia cum space/drone rock a stoned-jam feel that doesn't always work to the songs' advanatge. [Apr 2010, p.83]"
Q Magazine,40,"Thier latest mixes elements of ambient, post-punk and psychedelia. Often a recipe for a mess, there are moments of coherence. [Mar 2010, p.97]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,30,"Only toward the end of the record does BJTM finally let up, delivering a couple relaxed and half-realized shoegaze jams (Super Fucked and Our Time) that come close to being good. Sadly, it is all for naught."

