8,"Ihr bestes seit Ta Det Lugnt (fr mich eine starke 9 von 10), immer noch nicht annherend so gut leider, aber immerhin! Sehr geiler Sound und ein paar tolle Momente
schwache 8 fr mich",0,0,"Sep 27, 2015"
9,"I was amazed to find that most of the songs on this album are good. Usually I can only find one or a few good songs on any album, however this has a good feeling all over it. It helps if you understand Swedish, since the lyrics themselves are a big part of the whole experience. If you like Tame Impala, you will enjoy this as well.",0,0,"Oct 14, 2015"
6,"Probably the worst Hendrix album I own, Valleys of Neptune is still a decent album with a couple of highlights. The title track is a nice, psychedelic affair and 'Bleeding Heart' keeps Jimi bluesy, these along with Hear My Train A' Comin' are the best tracks on the album. But, the album is made worse by instrumentals that are nothing special. The album seems to forgot, Jimi's most underrated aspect, his superb voice and it serves to its detriment.",0,0,"Oct 27, 2010"
10,"As I enter my fifth decade of passionate love for rock and all of its variations, I notice myself buying fewer and fewer albums--not less music but fewer complete CDs.  BJM is one of a handful of bands that makes albums, rather than mere collections of songs, and 'Who Killed Sgt. Pepper' is a perfect example.  Yes, there's a lot of variety, as the professional critics point out, but there's also a kind of conversation among the various songs.  To cite just one example, different songs take different approaches to questions about the role of language in music: what is the relationship of sound to sense, for example?  One song repeats a crude, perfectly clear phrase over and over ('Let's Go **** Mental'); in the next, a woman's echoing voice speaks so unintelligibly that it's impossible to tell what language she's speaking, never mind what she's saying ('White Music'); the third lays an incantatory Icelandic vocal over a smoking, bass-heavy groove ('This Is Your Last Warning').  It's nothing so schematic as a thesis-antithesis-synthesis progression, but, rather, a series of experiments that build on one another to sketch a range of possibilities for language in rock.  Unusually ambitious and very cool.  All of which is not to say that 'Who Killed...' doesn't also feature great songs that can stand on their own; it does.  Anton Newcomb has regularly delivered killer rock tunes, and 'Mental,' 'Someplace Else Unknown,' 'Tunger Hnifur' and 'Feel It' stack up well to earlier stand-outs.  But the band is not just rehashing earlier successes; like the 'dance' songs on the album, the rock tunes have a smoldering new edge, with louder, dirtier drums and bass than I ever would have expected from BJM.  In short, I love this record and its contradictions: its chaos and its sophisticated unities; its grinding sexuality and its intellectual reach.  I expect to keep buying BJM's albums, in their entirety, for many years to come.",1,1,"Feb  6, 2012"
10,"Anton finally reaches his new sound after 2 somewhat difficult releases. This is a quintessential BJM album with great songs that simply refuse to quit my playlist, Let's go F mental",0,0,"Dec 17, 2013"
