Kerrang!,90,"This cements their position as one of the worlds most exciting, vital bands, and its unlikely youll hear many (if any) more impactful records in 2016."
Exclaim,80,"If All Our Gods Have Abandoned Us was an Olympic gymnastic performance, it would have nailed the double backflip but stumbled just a bit on the landing, leaving onlookers blown away by the trick and barely remembering that last wobble."
Rock Sound,80,"All Our Gods Have Abandoned Us is a confrontationally loud, brilliant album, and every bit as bleak as its title. [Jul 2016, p.103]"
AllMusic,80,"Architects somehow increase the ferocity with hit-and-run instrumentation to highlight Sam Carter, the genre's strongest clean vocalist and screamer. [Jun 2016, p.100]"
Alternative Press,80,"This is heady and hearty stuff delivered by a band surveying the ruins below from their creative peak."
The A.V. Club,80,"All Our Gods Have Abandoned Us isnt a sonic leap into new pastures, rather its the sound of a band nailing their sound and operating at the very top of their game. In a genre as crowded as metalcore, Architects have managed to craft a sound thats instantly and recognisably Architects."
Magnet,70,"Its not a giant leap forward, but its definitely the sound of a band doubling down, taking what they do best and running with it."

musicOMH.com,90,"Pleiades' Dust is a stunning release, a cohesive, exceptionally crafted piece that captures the heavy aggression and incredible musicianship of Gorguts while incorporating more avant-garde elements and a fascinating storyline to boot."
The Quietus,88,"The song is always so compelling, so rich and vibrant, so immaculately layered that in the end it doesn't really matter. Gorguts, as usual, have created a death metal masterpiece."
Kerrang!,80,"Gorguts are no strangers to ambition, always pushing themselves to find beauty in the darkest, most sinister tales of our checkered evolution. Whats most surprising, though, is that we finally get to witness a cast of players who can actually give the ever-shifting Gorguts name the treatment that it deserves."
Sputnikmusic,70,"Even at the EPs most florid moments--say at the 11-minute mark, where they zone out for a minute of cobweb-like arpeggios--it remains music of immense impact and gravity."
Pitchfork,70,"Of course the technical musicianship of the EP is top notch, but the form is whats most striking."

Exclaim,80,"Despite still occasionally erring towards po-faced earnestness, his [Jesse Leach's] impassioned and fiery performance ensures that Incarnate is a brash reaffirmation of this bands superiority over their peers."
Rock Sound,80,"There's moments of chain-breaking experimentation sewn throughout. It's not going to freak out anyone accustomed to KsE's meat, but it's definitely sharpened and refreshed what they're serving up. [12 Mar 2016, p.50]"
Exclaim,80,"It all sounds compellingly real; guitarist Adam Dutkiewicz adds brain-splitting riffs, and the rhythm section of Mike DAntonio and Justin Foley locks it down hard."
Q Magazine,70,"As a whole, Incarnate improves on the creativity and restlessness offered by Disarm the Descent. There is a lot more ambition, confidence and above all, passion here."
Alternative Press,70,"A fully developed, worthwhile offering of Killswitch Engage's monstrous metal. [Apr 2016, p.102]"

AllMusic,90,"It is instinctive but planned, primal but enlightened, and hazy but focused. The only sure thing about it is that it is Ulvers finest work to date."
Clash Music,82,"ATGCLVLSSCAP will be different for everyone. But undeniably, it's an entrancing piece of music, collecting every bit of Ulver's legacy and throwing it to the wayside, making room for something transcending the band's 30 year existence."
PopMatters,80,"The unorthodox means of composition ensures that the material on ATGCLVLSSCAP feels alive; blessed with some formidable grooves it retains a freshness and zeal that might have proved elusive if it had been recorded as a conventional studio album."
Exclaim,80,"Despite its hefty length, then, Atgclvlsscap works as a triumphant departure from the confines of the temporal."
Sputnikmusic,80,"The vibe is darkly grandiose. [Feb 2016, p.83]"
No Ripcord,80,"Ulver has once more created a record that will live far beyond this time and will be spoken of in the most reverent of tones and thats as it should be."
Spin,70,"Is it fun? Well, yes, even if it does end up sounding like 15 different musical assemblages from an equal number of historical periods playing at once. [Feb 2016, p.59]"
Revolver,65,"The late-album arrangement of these two outliers feels unnecessary and out-of-place. Two steps forward, one step back: such is the dance of courting other genres, even if the risks have helped keep Ulver vital."
The Guardian,60,"Almost entirely instrumental apart from the occasional detour into Floyd-like orbits, this is yet another bold statement from this ever-changing and challenging group. [Mar 2016, p.96]"
Kerrang!,40,"The album is one long ambient jam and precisely as exciting as that sounds. [16 Jan 2016, p.53]"

Boston Globe,80,"Guest appearances from Gojiras Joe Duplantier and Subrosa violinists Sarah Pendleton and Kim Pack add extra nuance to an already dense masterpiece."
AllMusic,80,"Chicago's The Atlas Moth have taken definite and deliberate steps to flesh out their wall of sound on album No. 3, accentuating their sludge roots with waves of psychedelic counterpoint. [Jul 2014, p.96]"
Alternative Press,78,"The Old Believer exploits a unique balance of tuneful and brutal."
musicOMH.com,67,"The Atlas Moth hope to be heavy and heavenly, aggressive and accessible, to exist in worlds of light and dark simultaneously. In this instance, they wind up in the shadows of their own intentions, hidden in flat gray instead of beautiful white or harrowing black."
Sputnikmusic,50,"The Old Believer feels like a creative plateau, all the more disappointing for the fact that the bands last album left them standing on the cusp of what seemed like an even greater breakthrough."

Record Collector,100,"As much as it is possible to describe the hissing whispers and supernova roars John Haughm's vocal performance, or the galactic wonder of Don Anderson's guitars, the sticky and celestial spirals of Jason Walton's bass lines, or the powerful alchemical engine of Aesop Dekker's drumming, together they form something greater: a massive, sublime universe unto itself."
Drowned In Sound,89,"Boasting enough insidious imagination to evolve beyond easy metallic labels, Agalloch transports The Serpent and the Sphere into its own phantasmagoric astral plane."
Uncut,83,"The Serpent & the Sphere reveals a familiar Agalloch that youve never quite heard--evermore patient, risky and, mostly, free of fault."
PopMatters,80,"When Agalloch's majesty comes, the slow unfolding is more than worth the wait. [17 May 2014, p.53]"
The Wire,80,"It has all of the right things going for it to make anyone even slightly interested in metal sit up and take notice."
Pitchfork,80,"Agalloch have never sounded so rich, so full."
Mojo,80,"The album's preference for atmosphere over hooks, plus the paucity and snarling incomprehensibility of its vocals, makes it ideal for pondering whatever mystery that captures one's fancy. But it also has a clear point of view."
Kerrang!,70,"The Serpent is, in many ways, more reminiscent of 2002s The Mantle than it is of Marrow, but with a refined and elegant brutality that Agalloch lacked in their earlier form."
Revolver,40,"The result is an album that is being asphyxiated by an extremely strong hand, and that proves to be the death of it all."

Alternative Press,100,"The real gold is in tracks that didnt make the final album, such as the funked-up Autologic and a jazz workout, Darkness Of Greed."
Austin Chronicle,90,"For 50 minutes, Rage Against The Machine is in superb form, showing that its vision was strong from the start. [Jan-Feb 2013, p.92]"
Pitchfork,90,"Overall, Rage Against the Machine has aged extremely well."
Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"Ultimately, if there's any disappointment to be had with this near-perfect album, it's that it still towers above subsequent efforts as the unequivocal climax of Rage Against the Machine's vision. As such, it remains absolutely essential."
Exclaim,90,"Rage Against the Machine's 1992 debut is a grenade that keeps exploding.... Remastered to museum-clean standards, the reissued album comes with DVDs of holy-shit live shows and music videos, plus demos that prove just how down and detailed the group had every song (even if Morello still couldn't resist changing solos)."
Austin Chronicle,89,"Zack de la Rocha's fevered shout doesn't sound any more graceful now than it did then, but Tom Morello's riffs still cook, the grooves still burn."
Pitchfork,80,"The expanded set illustrates the inventiveness of their playing and the original template of their sound was a strong one--these were louder protest songs for a louder time. [Feb 2013, p.94]"
Kerrang!,80,"Rage Against The Machine's debut is still a record that would shock and shake foundations were it released today. [1 Dec 2012, p .48]"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"This reissued debut reminds, they were a band better informed--and more thrilling--than most. [Jan 2013, p.106]"
Spin,80,"The passage of time sometimes has a way of making youthful politicking seem naive, but not here. [Jan 2013, p.121]"
Slant Magazine,80,"While the bonus material is nice, they won't likely reinvent people's appreciation for the record, which is more or less foolproof as it is. But the reissue should call people's attention back to a record that, over time, has only grown in stature as one of the most vital and enduring musical statements of its era."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"It's as well assembled as one could hope a box set of this type to be assembled. But the excessiveness of the content here suggests that this box set would have been better served in a career-spanning retrospective, not one limited to just the debut album."

Sputnikmusic,91,"Rather than merely aiming at populism, though, Brooks has set a new personal best for what he's been doing for almost 20 years: turning pop anthems into earthmovers."
Record Collector,90,"They've consistently upped tempos while delivering saccharine-infused riffs with all the sunshine-y aplomb of a Prozac salesman's first and last day on the job. [No.87 p.59]"
Under The Radar,90,"Harmonicraft finds Torche taking off at full speed with an album packed full of driving riffs and soaring melody that's going to have an easy time convincing fans that the band hasn't lost a step after losing a member."
BBC Music,90,"Harmonicraft isn't just the best Torche release: It's a contender for one of the best loud rock releases of the year."
AllMusic,90,"Somehow they've upped their jubilation game without making too many sonic changes since 2005's self-titled debut."
Rolling Stone,90,"Smoother production and the further improvement in the overall quality of the material--not to mention evidence of a genuine dedication to his vocal performance from Steve Brooks--put Harmonicraft in a different league. [May 2012, p.104]"
Austin Chronicle,80,"Harmonicraft still brings the heft and thick cut distortion, but never wastes a single moment's breath on anything superfluous. [28 Apr 2012, p.53]"
Uncut,80,"Torche have always been a good band and sometimes even a great one, but with Harmonicraft they've found the songs to match their extraordinary sound."
Kerrang!,80,"Cheers to Torche for proving a heavy-rock band can be optimistic and sincere-without sacrificing any of the edge."
Mojo,80,"[Harmonicraft] finds Torche further indulging their pop muse. The result is a set of songs that retains most of the heaviness we've come to expect at this point, but with even more single-ready ear candy than ever before."
Q Magazine,80,"Harmonicraft is filled with catchy hooks and pop melodies, as well as progressive, atmospheric rhythms."
Consequence of Sound,80,"All of this comes together to form a cohesive collection that flows effortlessly; without a doubt, it's one of the strongest guitar-rock records 2012 will yield. [May 2012, p.83]"
PopMatters,80,"It's not a monumental leap forward from the band's previous work, but Harmonicraft displays the signs of consistent refinement and revels in that fact."
The A.V. Club,80,"The sense of brightness that was present (but kept at a reasonable distance) in the pretty good debut and the pretty excellent Meanderthal is amplified here, and many (most?) songs on Harmonicraft could fit comfortably into a more conventional arena setting than the ones from their murkier beginnings."
Magnet,75,"The tuned-down Melvins-like squall from their earlier records is still present and accounted for, but Torche have managed to shove their guitar work into unexpected places that balance limber melodicism with punishing heft."
AllMusic,70,"Brimming with joyful bombast, Harmonicraft warrants re-listens."
CMJ,67,"Torche's 2008 master class, second album Meanderthal, began at prog metal and closed as a mind-blowing stoner maelstrom. Harmonicraft polishes that sonic Darwinism into tight, melodic, mosh pits."
Spin,65,"Harmonicraft is not without its moments; its just that, sometimes, spans of monotony and predictably make remembering or caring for those moments more work than they're worth."
Metal Hammer (UK),60,"Harmonicraft often strays into pastiche when they attempt to cling on to their past, but comes into its own when it strides confidently into new realms."
Kerrang!,60,"Harmonicraft is a short, sweet collection of pop-metal confectionery, irresistible if not unforgettable."

BBC Music,100,"Les Voyages De L'Ame will surely stand unchallenged as the most ineffably beautiful record of 2012. [21 Jan 2012, p.54]"
Filter,90,"Les Voyages De L'me is an excellent addition to the Alcest's already prodigious output, and it establishes itself early on as one of 2012's finest metal releases."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"The music contains all of the trembling beauty fans have come to expect from Alcest, combined with a sense of vitality and wanderlust."
Exclaim,80,"Les Voyages de l'me is a great record; self- defining and alluringly elusive."
Alternative Press,80,"It's the band's most mature work to date and perhaps the only one that feels like a true album."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Alcest's new record,Les Voyages de l'me is the best example yet of what it can do."
PopMatters,70,"It is far from perfect yet could never possibly get there."
Prefix Magazine,69,"Here, when everything's as clear as it is on Les Voyages de l'me, he feels almost too exposed, and the big climaxes he's reaching for don't arrive. There's no denying the beauty, but it feels weirdly muted-- or perhaps just unsurprising."
Consequence of Sound,66,"There's much to cherish here, but this isn't a complete effort."
Austin Chronicle,60,"There's a lot in here that brims with life but, somehow, it never quite unfolds."

Pitchfork,90,"It truly does feel as if they've been holding this emotion back since the day they parted and now unleashing everything in an explosion of creative energy, delivering a magnificent record that while fresh and exciting, could only be the work of far. [Jun 2010, p.102]"
The Quietus,89,"Truth be told, it never feels completely on-target, however it's hardly inept - just a touch disjointed. For every minor imperfection, listeners are rewarded with boosts of adrenaline from the bludgeoning opening track 'Deafening' and breakneck 'Dear Enemy.'"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"At Night We Live represents an older, slightly sleazier, but still poetically earnest far. [May/Jun 2010, p.98]"
Kerrang!,80,"At Night We Live is the best and the most confident album of their two-part career. It is also, admittedly, more commercial-sounding, but there's no shame in that if it's done with integrity, dignity and passion."
PopMatters,80,"An outstanding return."
Exclaim,80,"At Night We Live is refreshing. Far are heavy, but without sounding like a generic rock band, poppy yet not cheesy, and proud to show they are back."
AllMusic,60,"Fans of Far will be able to appreciate At Night We Live as a further evolution of Water & Solutions, but new listeners will have a hard time finding a fresh experience."

The Quietus,100,"Utterly, beautifully majestic."
The New York Times,90,"A Small Turn of Human Kindness, finds the band returning to the top of their game with an album that is as heartbreaking as it is crushing."
Sputnikmusic,80,"This quartet have honed thier lumbering heaviness into something both glorious and at times funny. [Aug 2010, p.82]"
Pitchfork,80,"It's compelling from the start, particularly insofar as they not only avoid genre clichs but also cheap drama. Instead, they play emotionally ambiguous stuff--shifting modes and dynamics, or rather simply smashing them together until the edges are indistinct."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),80,"This is an album you can connect your own hopelessness with. It's weirdly relatable, this album, with not really its lyrical content but its various moods."
No Ripcord,80,"The songs here all flow together, with intertwined parts and themes-a sludge symphony of sorts."
Alternative Press,80,"Harvey Milk never quite match the achievement of their canonical works, but, nevertheless, they've succeeded in stretching the running joke without dissolving into self-parody. Or perhaps more aptly, they've delivered on the promise of self-parody with a record of genuine insecurity, unsettling pessimism and inherent, indisguisable humanity."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),78,"Small Turn's greatest strength is also its primary flaw; they do this particular sort of downtrodden as well as anybody, but given all they're capable of, it's a shame that they limit themselves to such a small sonic palette. Still, it's yet another curiously strong record from one of today's most interesting bands."
Revolver,71,"Human Kindness is interesting and it is, in a sense, an enjoyable listen because it manifests, right in your face, an emotion not often seen in music this heavy: sheer fucking exhaustion."
BBC Music,70,"They roped everybody in, and now comes the payoff, in the form of the gut-wrenching, turgid, incredibly sad white trash opera A Small Turn of Human Kindness."
Rock Sound,70,"Tempos have been ground down to  a slow crawl, but as Melvins and Sunn O))) have proven, that tactic just gives a band the chance to prove how heavy they really are. [Jun 2010, p.105]"
Sputnikmusic,70,"With each song bleeding seamlessly into the next, there's little relief from all the doom and gloom, but regardless, this remains another worthy addition to Harvey Milk's awkward oeuvre."
AllMusic,70,"A Small Turn Of Human Kindness really does sound like some bad shit has gone down. To this end, you have to assume HM have succeeded in their intentions, although they tend to be sardonic and inscrutable by design."
The Guardian,70,"While lack of tunefulness has rarely been an issue for noise-rock fans, A Small Turn of Human Kindness's abstractness makes it a little less satisfying than its predecessor. But it's still a fascinating product of one of the more fascinating bands working in the bowels of rock 'n' roll today."

AllMusic,90,"Besides boasting some of the band's most violent music to date, what makes The Powerless Rise such a stunning metal record is the band's commitment to vigrously kicking at their boundaries while remaining true to their sound. [Jun 2010, p.104]"
Uncut,88,"Not only is The Powerless Rise As I Lay Dyings heaviest album to date, it also features a splendor not heard on past releases."
Dusted Magazine,80,"As a band, AILD has grown most is in their songwriting and production skills (the latter of which are now off the charts in terms of precision). The Powerless Rise, delivers on what their previous outings have handsomely promised."
Sputnikmusic,80,"The riffs are meatier, the leads are catchier and the breakdowns, while still present, are reserved for only optimal moments, making The Powerless Rise an instantly memorable modern metal album."
Under The Radar,70,"Though The Powerless Rise only signifies progression within strict genre parameters, AILD have stuck to their guns with flair."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Sure, the quintet has gone back to the cookie-cutter sound of twin leads, hardcore breakdowns, and alternating clean and harsh vocals, but by essentially admitting that they have no innovative ideas whatsoever and are content to work within that metalcore template, they actually sound like a band liberated on The Powerless Rise."

Pitchfork,80,"While 'The Oracle' is certainly familiar, it still sounds fresh enough and well worth the wait for fans who prefer their Godsmack served up straight."
cokemachineglow,80,"Fifth album The Oracle is a much welcome return to form, at least in energy. Ten tracks, no ballads, no bullshit. [May/Jun 2010, p.95]"
PopMatters,60,"Those fans seeking a return to Godsmack's roots will not be disappointed; for others, the sound may be a retrenchment because there was no place else for them to go. The only undebatable thing is that The Oracle is the most aggressive disc Godsmack have issued since their debut."
Alternative Press,60,"Though built mainly with recycled material, 'The Oracle' has fresh moments, such as the scrappy delivery of 'What If?' and the up-tempo snap of 'War and Peace.'"
Rock Sound,60,"The dense guitars and plaid shirts scream 'grunge redux,' but the attitude is pure hair metal circa 1987. [Aug 2010, p.116]"
Drowned In Sound,42,"The Oracle is not terrible, just thoroughly second-rate."
Prefix Magazine,40,"The Oracle sounds like it was written on autopilot, with the band ticking off the ingredients that made previous albums sell with out injecting any fire or imagination. [3 Jul 2010, p.51]"

Alternative Press,80,"Fever is unlikely to win Bullet For My Valentine more respect amongst their peers, but this could be the album to persuade non-believers."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"This isn't a pathbreaking album by a band with any chance at reshaping their genre in their image; it's a solid disc by a group that knows its own strengths."
AllMusic,70,"Despite the lyrics failing to improve upon previous efforts, elsewhere Fever represents a significant step forward, and practically guarantees that BFMV will fulfil the expectations preceding its release."
Sputnikmusic,70,"This is a mainstream metal band that probably puts just as much emphasis into their marketing as they do their music, but, like it or not, theyve also released their best album so far and its actually pretty entertaining."
Rock Sound,70,"It's their confident leaning on heritage-metal in particular that sets Bullet For My Valentine apart from local contemporaries Funeral For A Friend and Lost Prophets, but it's also that strength that holds them back."
PopMatters,67,"Although his group has made its mark on the metalcore underground, Tuck spends most of the Welsh quartet's new album spewing venomous tirades at a variety of villains who have done him wrong. But he does it in a polished fashion that makes 'Fever' the band's most commercial outing yet."
Billboard.com,60,"Fun, but noisy enough to make your parents worry about your ears."
Revolver,60,"On Fever, it's all about the harmonized riffs and the high-flying melodies interlocking with the type of rhythmic thud that feels like it could move the earth--and the pop charts. [May 2010, p.104]"
AllMusic,60,"This third album won't appease the doubters, the sound of their previous Billboard chart-crashing album now polished until it gleams like chrome. [Jun 2010, p.120]"
Boston Globe,50,"There are more good songs than bad, but the bad songs are very seriously flawed, and will likely stand out more than the positive aspects of the good songs."
Q Magazine,41,"As a whole, Bullet show absolutely no progression on Fever, despite this being their third album."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Gilmore has merely rendered Fever more American market-friendly and given it a strong flavor of stateside nu-metal. It's a pattern that is just too repetitious, too anodyne and just plain insipid."

Kerrang!,90,"Coheed And Cambria are always at their finest when they're being dramatic, and as such 'Year Of The Black Rainbow' is possibly their best record to date."
Rock Sound,85,"It doesn't take a biological science major to realize that this album is very well worth listening to regardless of whether you're a seasoned veteran of The Amory Wars storyline or you've never even heard of Coheed & Cambria."
AllMusic,83,"Still, bending the tonal and narrative demand of Amory-whose prequel is presented here-into an intricate, melodic, ultimately anthemic album couldn't have been a breeze, but Sanchez and crew have dovetailed their two massive ambitions into an effortless, seamless whole."
BBC Music,83,"Rainbow contains 12 thrilling sci-fi spectacles, suitable for headbanger and Luddite alike. [14 Apr 2010, p.73]"
Sputnikmusic,80,"As a band, C&C either inspire rabid adoration or complete dismissal; that won't change with Year of the Black Rainbow. That said, any fan of heavy progressive rock music may find this music to be of compelling interest, whether one buys into the conceptual nature of the Amory Wars or not."
Dot Music,80,"The record is further evidence of the quartet's easy chemistry. The band is both bold and geeky, creating a signature sound that typically triggers strong reaction; one man's progressive is another's pretentious."
Billboard.com,80,"Rainbow feels every bit as massive as the world it sets up. It's not just the heaviest record in Coheed's arsenal; it's also one of the strongest."
The Guardian,80,"While it's sort of a fresh take on their musical canon, it could afford with more new songwriting techniques and maybe less vocal effects. Still, Year of the Black Rainbow is a consistently great album that may have required just a bit more panache, and certainly lives up to its predecessors."
Alternative Press,70,"Rainbow is definitely Sanchez's show: His dreamy vocals give all the fantasy crap real human warmth. [May/Jun 2010, p.966]"
Q Magazine,70,"Year of the Black Rainbow sounds like a more self-assured take on what the band was attempting to do on the somewhat scattershot 'No World for Tomorrow.'"
PopMatters,70,"Year... continues to follow that bombastic course, packed from start to finish with grandiose, rousing flourishes and ample proggy ballast."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"The adventurous nature of Coheed and Cambria was what made them so thrilling. And while this new tangent of popular method could win them a fair few new fans, it may leave some of the loyal wanting more from their next opus."
musicOMH.com,60,"Newcomers might well benefit from starting nearer the beginning, but this is one space saga that's worth persevering with. [Jun 2010, p.120]"
Rock Sound,50,"It's full of fascinating, stirring moments, but overall, Year of the Black Rainbow suffers just a little too much from its own grand, sprawling ambition."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),50,"Year of the Black Rainbow is not a bad album. It has its moments, but it is a far, far cry from the greatness Coheed & Cambria possessed on all four previous albums, especially the masterpiece of melody, dynamics, musicianship and continuity that was 'Good Apollo I.'"
The A.V. Club,49,"Unfortunately, 'Year' lacks the grandiose thematic concepts of previous outings as well as an immediate single, like past songs 'A Favor House Atlantic' or 'The Suffering.'"
Entertainment Weekly,40,"If you're not already aware that this prog quartet's fifth album serves as both a prequel and a finale to something called 'The Amory Wars,' bemusement is probably the best you can hope for while enduring their overwrought, topsy-turvy blend of spiky metal riffs, Gollumesque vocals, and ambient melodrama."
AllMusic,40,"Beneath the veneer of baffling musicality, it's evident there's nothing new under the sun, no matter what galaxy you're in."
Boston Globe,30,"There's no trace of Coheed's oddball eclecticism here, or of their dynamic pop sensibilities; instead the emotionally and tonally monochrome Black Rainbow gives the impression of a typically humorless metal act."

Alternative Press,90,"Crusty, jarring and still as acerbic as ever, this is Cancer Bats at their best."
Sputnikmusic,80,"If the album has a flaw, it's the excessive length  14 tracks in 45 minutes should have been shaved down to ten in 30. But overall, this is a solid effort from a band with a lot to offer fans of aggressive rock who aren't too worried about categories."
Revolver,80,"Through it all, they retain their fundamental hardcore power-chug while vocalist Liam Cormier gives his most diverse screaming/growling/speaking performance yet. [May 2010, p.105]"
PopMatters,80,"Cancer Bats tendency to veer towards the metallic might shock those unaccustomed to having a sweaty Torontonian screaming blue murder in their faces. But persevere and it reveals itself as a selection of dark, enjoyably violent treats."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"This freewheeling third record is picthed just the right side of sobriety. [May 2010, p.112]"
Drowned In Sound,76,"While there is some filler, some of the best Cancer Bats songs can be found here and that alone makes this worth checking out, even if it isnt a gigantic departure."
Q Magazine,70,"Bears, Mayors, Scraps & Bones is an impressive album from Cancer Bats, having the most potential of their three albums to attract new fans with its genre variety and dynamic compositions."

BBC Music,80,"It comes was a welcome surprise that their sixth full-length contains the most visceral, overtly hostile and sinister music of their career. [May 2010, p.102]"
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"By evolving their formula without losing sight of the elements that its founded upon, they have delivered their most satisfyingly ferocious set to date."
Billboard.com,80,"This full length contains all of Bleeding Throughs hardcore malice only now its encased with a perfected, extremity-heavy formula."
Spin,70,"Lean, deafening, and effective in its brutality, Bleeding Through may not have brought anything new to the table, but at least it brought everything else."
The Guardian,60,"While the new elements of the bands sound make this an interesting record, its not as strong in its execution as 'Declaration.' The negative changes detract more from the album than the positive changes add to it."
Slant Magazine,40,"Bleeding Through's self-titled album is yet another Bleeding Through release that tries to skirt by on the bare minimum. For every good idea presented, there are three more trite and tired ideas weighted to it, dragging it down into the abyss."

Rock Sound,91,"With Option Paralysis, Dillinger stops to catch its breath--if you can really call it that--but the result is no less stunning."
AllMusic,90,"Dissonant strings, clasical piano and eerie quiet spells infuse the album with a wird, roiling darkness that gets under your skin rather than filleting your skull. The result is more dramatic than any Dillinger release this decade--and more powerful because of it. [Apr 2010, p124]"
Alternative Press,90,"Option Paralysis equivocates the maturation of musical ideas over the Dillinger Escape Plan's storied career, as Miss Machine and Ire Works are currently looking as mere test samples leading up to this point. In all, Option Paralysis is a work of art, but don't think for a second they've gone soft on us."
BBC Music,90,"It's a war of emotion rendered in the most extreme tones and is more and more rewarding on every listen. One day, all bands will be like Dillinger."
Q Magazine,90,"Every tangled note of Option Paralysis drips with honesty and endeavour, and it shines like a beacon of integrity in a world that's been focus-grouped into the dirt."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"On their fourth full-length and first on their own label, jazz-spazz-metal epileptics the Dillinger Escape Plan re-embrace the all-killer, no-filler attitude that made their earlier albums and EPs so simultaneously exhausting and exhilarating. [Mar/Apr 2010, p.88]"
PopMatters,80,"Option Paralysis stretches its makers' imaginations and abilities superbly. Consider it another singular success."
Alternative Press,80,"Option Paralysis may be considered a side-step by some, but there are so many exuberant flourishes and cleverly thought out harmonies that it's probably better to consider it a mind-boggling step over. The Dillinger Escape Plan isn't out of tricks just yet."
BBC Music,80,"It's clear that Option Paralysis is difficult by design, but the upshot is that anyone who can make it through the first two tracks will probably find one of their favorite albums of the year."
Rock Sound,80,"So once again, they're preaching--at top volume--to the converted. Which is fine, because they remain very, very good at what they do."
AllMusic,80,"There are slamming riffs to be found, but they're still wrapped within synaspse-melting mathcore that requires a PhD to genuinely appreciate. [May 2010, p.112]"
PopMatters,72,"2004's Miss Machine and 2007's Ire Works offered an ever-broadening sound that kinda-sorta skirted crossover-friendliness, a sometimes awkward mash of traditional, melodic rock and hideous shrieking and bashing. Option Paralysis continues in that vein for better or worse."
Sputnikmusic,70,"For years, Dillinger Escape Plan have been the metal standard-bearers of dizzying, time-signature torture, though they have occasionally eased up to construct NIN-damaged, alt-rock superhero fantasies. The band's fourth album gives these two personalities their most seamless marriage to date."
The A.V. Club,70,"The whole record possesses an industrial feel, be it in the synths or the drum machines or the moody-sounding atmospherics that are peppered throughout the record. Option Paralysis, may not win back fair-weather fans, but they've again proved why they're regarded as one of the best in their field."
Alternative Press,70,"Although it doesn't pack any real surprises, this album marks a fascinating turning point for the band. Option Paralysis is a very good album, by no means a failure, but because the band had set the bar so high for themselves with their previous three albums, it still feels like a slight step below."
Sputnikmusic,60,"The confrontational quintet dare to seek out melody and explore a new-found subtlety on an otherwise exhaustingly visceral ride. [May 2010, p. 95]"

Rock Sound,100,"After years of being the untrained savage in the china shop of modern metal, HOF may find themselves owning the store with this accomplished thrash platter."
New Musical Express (NME),100,"Monolithic, streamlined and straight from the underworld, Snakes For The Divine is High On Fire's finest hour thus far."
Revolver,90,"Snakes for the Divine is another physically punishing tour de force from a band whose fans will settle for nothing less, and have rarely been let down--certainly not this time around."
BBC Music,88,"They patented a style and on their fifth studio album, Snakes for the Divine, see no reason to change it."
musicOMH.com,80,"With his lyrics, his robust riffs, and flamboyant solos, Pike and High on Fire embody everything that is fun about heavy metal, and no matter how unpredictable they can be as far as production goes, we'll always know that there's no such thing as a bad High on Fire album, and Snakes For the Divine is no exception."
Slant Magazine,80,"Snakes for the Divine shows that metal, in its most basic and elemental forms, still has plenty of visceral thrill left in it--as long as it's done right. And High on Fire do it right."
AllMusic,80,"It's tight, concise and thrillingly sharp--what makes High on Fire's fifth album such a success is its intricacy and balance that allows it to appeal to more than your friendly neighbourhood metalhead."
Q Magazine,80,"Bassist Jeff Matz and double-kickdrum killer Des Kensel flank Pike at every turn. The album-opening title track establishes a menacing, mathematical momentum, and the trio never falter."
Pitchfork,80,"As much as High On Fire pride themselves on their recorded brand of relentless brawn, How Dark We Pray, down to its fine solos and overall execution, is the album's best moment."
Spin,80,"Whether Snakes For The Divine is the band's best album yet is open to debate, but it's certainly their biggest, burliest, and most devastating. [Mar/Apr 2010, p.90]"
Drowned In Sound,70,"That sound has been changing, clearing up by degrees without sacrificing the band's greasy mysticism--'Blessed Black Wings' from 2004, engineered by Steve Albini, was a breakthrough--but here the band is really getting presentable."
PopMatters,70,"Although this doesn't quite scale the heights of their two previous LPs, 'Death Is This Communion' and 'Blessed Black Wings,' it shouldn't be thought of as a point of no return. As ambassadors for metal, they remain near-peerless."
Mojo,70,"The production jars mainly on the opener, 'Snakes For the Divine' - Pike's leads sound wankier, and Kensel's drums flatter and softer, than one might want. But overall, Fidelman's work doesn't obtrude too badly."
The Boston Phoenix,67,"Final Relapse anvil Death Is This Communion (2007) might never be breached, but lacking such compositional invincibility, Fire's fifth LP still incinerates a galaxy of Euro metal."
Rock Sound,60,"High On Fire sound like Lemmy fronting Black Sabbath on a Slayer tribute night. [Apr 2010, p.106]"
AllMusic,60,"If Matt Pike's current group High On Fire are a little less singular than Om, in thrall to the dark trash of Slayer and Celtic Frost, five albums have semn them chisel out their own grizzled, imposing image. [May 2010, p.90]"

Chicago Tribune,80,"Mechanize is without doubt their heaviest and most powerful, and considering the stark, foreboding lyrical subject matter it seems totally relevant that it should be. A truly emphatic return."
PopMatters,80,"Quite simply, Mechanize corrects all of the bands past missteps including those made prior to Dinos departure. It is a collection of everything that made them great without any of the extraneous influences that came later."
Pitchfork,70,"Mechanize isn't quite in a class with Demanufacture or Obsolete, which are widely regarded as two of Fear Factory's most essential releases. But it's still an album that longtime followers will welcome."
BBC Music,70,"Fear Factorys slices of digital dystopia no longer sound futuristic or groundbreaking, but Mechanize is a powerful statement from a revitalized and still-relevant band."
Alternative Press,60,"If theres one big sticking point, its the lyrical content, which, despite the palpable energy of the arrangements, recycles clichs a bit too often."
No Ripcord,60,"Fear Factory has always been most appealing as a thinking man's metal act, and if Mechanize largely dials down the thinking in order to ratchet up the metal, its final act suggests that a better balance is within the band's reach."

Revolver,88,"There is no instant hit of the 'Living Dead Girl' variety, but across 11 songs, 'Hellbilly Deluxe 2' is Zombie's most consistently tuneful record to date, without sacrificing the noise and industrial beats of the past."
The New York Times,73,"While 'Hellbilly Deluxe 2' certainly captures the Saturday afternoon matinee spirit of his 1998 solo debut, it's also a different kind of creature."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Perhaps sensing the imminent death of the album format, Zombie has thrown all caution to the wind.It's an approach he should have taken long ago. [Mar/Apr 2010, p.90]"
Dusted Magazine,67,"Regardless, the musician-auteur does not overly besmirch the memory of HD1  with such monster-invoking metalers as ''Jesus Frankenstein'' and ''Werewolf Women of the SS.''"
Austin Chronicle,62,"Musically, it's pretty much vintage Zombie-- relatively catchy metal with the occasional industrial vibe."
Q Magazine,60,"At this point in his career, his best move is to take these types of risks, and when he does so on the ten-minute closer 'The Man Who Laughs,' with its underlying orchestral score by Tyler Bates (composer for the Halloween remakes The Devil's Rejects and The Watchmen), the results are compelling and unnerving in a good way."
Uncut,60,"Zombie is at his best when he's at his most audacious, and although Hellbilly Deluxe 2 isn't quite a resounding success, it's still enormously fun at times, proof that he's still capable of a few good ideas in this medium."
Rock Sound,60,"While his satanic-hick shtick hasn't evolved an iota since the first Hellbilly Deluxe, there's no denying that he knows his audience. [Mar 2010, p.97]"
Sputnikmusic,50,"The biggest problem on Hellbilly Deluxe 2 is that the campy B-movie samples and song titles like 'Jesus Frankenstein' and 'Werewolf, Baby!' come across as juvenile and lame. [Mar 2010, p.98"
AllMusic,40,"Only the sub-Marilyn Manson riff-slammer 'Mars Needs Women' stand out in an otherwise generic batch of spoofy 'Rocky Horror' lyrics and painful superfluous drum solos. [Mar 2010, p.107]"

BBC Music,100,"This is one of the most assaultive, addictive albums around, a rip-roaring journey through sonic violence that will leave most quivering in the corner and others (a special few) totally enraptured."
PopMatters,90,"Blackjazz, by contrast, is fierce and unrelenting, a slavering beast of an album with the complexity and dissonance of the Flying Luttenbachers and the head-down intensity of upstate New York ultra-power trio Borbetomagus."
Slant Magazine,80,"In the case of Blackjazz, Shining spreads lyrical passages across songs, repeats song titles with different music attached: they basically create an environment that can only be understood as a whole."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Shining is a rare case these days, a progressive-minded band with the desire to push boundaries with each record yet with enough discipline to know just how much is too much, and with Blackjazz, this band is starting to peak."
Billboard.com,77,"Shining are combining jazz and metal in original ways, from the filling up of jazz's precious empty spaces with ticking nervous energy to the replacement of metal's vocal aggression with creepy and disconnected noise. And if that's not the same as true originality, it's close enough."
Revolver,71,"while on a different album Healter Skelter might have been a wonderful bridge between some of the more structured stuff Shining used to do; on Black Jazz its just the most weird and interesting version of the same track weve already sat through three times."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"When Shining go technical, they do so with a flourish, but often seem too eager to return to the simpler crowd-pleasing verses and choruses that make up the meat of the album."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"Equally experimental as it is disturbing, their latest musical experience doesnt disappoint and is an altogether leftfield and very noisy affair."
AllMusic,70,"Blackjazz was produced by Sean Beavan, who has worked with Marilyn Manson and Nine Inch Nails, and its sound skews dark but a bit cartoonish."
PopMatters,70,"Theirs is a career of true progressiveness, in every sense of the word. What was hinted at in parts on 2007's Grindstone has been, bettered, battered and even bludgeoned. Chalk up another one for Norway, then."
Q Magazine,70,"Blackjazz is an undoubtedly bold statement from an incredibly gifted compositional genius. Munkebey has been working toward this album for a while, and it is a real achievement in synthesis of the band's overriding influences."
Alternative Press,65,"Adventurous listeners ignore Blackjazz at their peril, but be warned that there's quite a bite of filler to go with the killer."

Uncut,90,"Prior To The Fire will set the Canadians aside from their peers."
AllMusic,80,"Their combination of crunching riffs, hard-driving rhythms, and howling vocals isn't exactly unique, but their spin on the sound, which adds some touches of classic, early-'80s pre-glam metal to the usual blend of Deep Purple, Black Sabbath, et. al, has a lot of appeal."
Alternative Press,80,"After 2006's acclaimed debut, Hello Master, this Montreal metal foursome had to cut through a mass of red tape before Fire, their long-gestating follow-up, could get a U.S. release date. Someone should be fired for the delay, because this baby burns."
No Ripcord,80,"Montreal's Preistess are more holy smokers than divers, to the point where this engrossing second album recalls the potent psych-rock of the early-'90s-era. [Apr 2010, p.106]"
PopMatters,80,"It's melodic and Malevolent, a relentlessly good disc with an A.D.D. sufferer's list of pop-cultural obsessions ranging from Robocop to werewolves to Judas Priest. [May/Jun 2010, p.100]"
Pitchfork,73,"Overall, it's a palatable mix of retro-leaning metal that's suitable for headbanging or playing air-guitar but doesn't cover much new ground."
cokemachineglow,60,"The riff-roaring arena anthems 'Racon Eyes' and 'The Firebird' are among the most infectious tracks Priestess have ever written. Elsewhere, the band's retro-fuzz machinations don't fare so well. [Mar 2010, p.98]"
Dusted Magazine,60,"On its sophomore album, Priestess pulls no punches and delivers all blows in menacing fashion, borrowing heavily from the gods of metal's yesteryear."
Rock Sound,59,"The album has no grand arc; it's just a collection of pretty okay jams for people who already own everything Pentagram ever recorded. It's fine, but it's nothing more than fine."
The New York Times,50,"On the new record, much to our surprise, the majority of the vocal lines sound half-baked at best, and with the odd exception, not for a second memorable."
Drowned In Sound,50,"While the definable hooks are definitely more present than on most metal records, that doesn't necessarily make a better, or even more accessible album."
Tiny Mix Tapes,37,"Long on tweedly solos, rambling structures, and songs about being trapped in space and time, Prior to the Fire--love the title, dudes, despite my disappointment--is sure to satisfy hardcore stoner-metal devotees with no fear of the occasional eight-minute track length. Everybody else should seek out 'Hello Master.'"

Prefix Magazine,80,"Rather than showing the humble beginnings of an experimental band, this album highlights the fact that, even from the very beginning, they were the enigmatic and impossibly heavy group that they are today."
Rock Sound,71,"While this early work lacks the sheer violent width of the bands more accomplished cousins The Melvins, its experimental energy is hard to miss."
AllMusic,70,"Harvey Milk has been referred to as The Bob Weston Sessions for some time; the remaster given to its ten songs serves to emphasise, rather than undermine, Westons keen ear for the dramatically heavy."
Spin,70,"Warm in tone yet still unbelievably raw, Harvey Milk sounds phenomenal, rendering 'My Love' surprisingly weak by comparison. Granted, we do get a few tracks that do feel like works in progress."
Q Magazine,60,"Not easy listening, but a reminder that to evolve, we must first emerge from the slime. [Apr 2010, p.91]"

Revolver,80,"Remarkably the chuck it all in and see what happens approach works, mainly because the superb sheen of production papers over any cracks. What we are left with is an inescapably solid album."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"With no outside influences to force these leek-lovin lads song-writing hand, theyve delivered an album that, although not as polished as previous efforts (but thats part of the charm), is purely Lostprophets; and the real sound of progress, for sure."
Alternative Press,80,"Theyre darn right they still belong, since Lostprophets have delivered an excellent album that is a reminder to all and sundry that this is a band with not only a storied past, but also a very bright future."
Under The Radar,80,"Whether a fanbase reared on moshpit anthems is ready for such artful desolation remains to be seen, but as an exercise in skin-shedding and score-settling The Betrayed is brutally effective. [Feb 2010, p. 103]"
Pitchfork,70,"The Betrayed is not an underachieving record. It sweats hunger and ambition, and while its not flawless, its a success on their own, aggressively populist terms."
PopMatters,70,"The Betrayed plays to their strengths in that it sounds more like the work of blue-quiffed CGI-animated ninja warriors than real people with wrinkles."
Prefix Magazine,60,"There's enough going on sonically to justify the reported half a million quid spent on it, and enough gruff pop moments to ensure continued teenage adoration. But if your eyeliner doesn't belong to your mum, you'll probably find it hard to love."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"This is a collection of solid, excellently-produced and sporadically brilliant alternative songs, and nothing more."
AllMusic,60,"Still present is a populist edge that, while occasionally somewhat saccharine, shakes out some great choruses. [Feb 2010, p.90]"
Paste Magazine,40,"Lostprophets neuter any genuine bite their music may have had with slick, histrionic choruses that render them as impotent as the dozens of other MTV-worshiping derivatives. [Feb 2010, p. 92]"

Drowned In Sound,60,"Bringing mellower, more melodic counterpoints to a core of nu-metal bombast makes Mudvaynes fifth studio album at times sound clumsy."
PopMatters,50,"There are some surprises on Mudvayne, like a surprisingly Slash-like guitar solo on 'Closer' and the death metal intro to the Slipknot-esque 'I Can't Wait,' but too much of it is more of the same from the band and its genre."
Uncut,50,"Mudvayne has by and large returned to what it does best (or at least do frequently) on its new self-titled album."
Drowned In Sound,50,"These guys once flailed like a future-prog version of Slipknot (whose Shawn Crahan served as executive producer on L.D. 50), but now their doomy riff-o-rama comes equipped with mellow-bellow butt-rock choruses."

Rock Sound,75,"On Memento Mori, Frontwoman Lacey Mosley couches her searching wails in couplets that expertly walk the line between secular and God-centered. Her passionate devotionals make for galvanizing, if eventually exhausting, listening."
Sputnikmusic,70,"Memento Mori, Flyleafs second album, is precise, muscular and alluring, full of crypto-Christian imagery and husky riffs."
Q Magazine,70,"Memento Mori (musically, at least) owes more to the tech-heavy, similarly faith-based King's X than it does the moody atmospherics of Evanescence, but theres enough angst and obsession here to draw fans of the latter."
BBC Music,60,"There are just a few riffs and grating melodies that spoil what could have been an album that was at least as strong as its predecessor."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Momento Mori is a good album, with the awesome 'Set Apart This Dream' and 'Again' shining with their anthemic choruses and deft use of pop melody. The tragedy is that it could have been great. [Dec 2009, p.108]"

The Guardian,100,"Its a bummer that Slayers November 13 Air Canada Centre show, and their entire tour, has been postponed due to lead singer/bassist Tom Arayas back problems, but we can console ourselves with their excellent new album, which finds the dark-minded, serial-killer-obsessed California thrashers keeping all things in balance."
musicOMH.com,91,"Greg Fidelman does a better production job here than he did on Metallicas 'Death Magnetic,' perhaps due to oversight by Rick Rubin, who produced Slayers best work."
Uncut,80,"As long as expectations are met, well be happy. And with World Painted Blood, were happier than weve been in some time."
Mojo,80,"The bands grim outlook remains bearable after all these years thanks to strong songcraft."
Boston Globe,80,"World Painted Blood may not be Reign In Blood, but it finds Slayer close to their best."
AllMusic,75,"Slayer has remained unrelentingly true to its origins. The innovations no longer arrive with each album, but the quartet is playing at a high level, and Greg Fidelmans production captures that sound with thrilling, their-fist-your-face immediacy."
Los Angeles Times,73,"Slayer being timely is not Slayer being timeless. But the way they're still playing, they sure sound like it."
Spin,70,"The first listen or two to World Painted Blood might be a bit confusing for the seasoned Slayer fan, but that changes quickly, and the sound of those drums blasting in one's head will become a more than welcome presence in the mix."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Sure there are some lulls; but the face-melting trash that surrounds these tunes proves the band still have it in 'em to, well, slay. [Dec 2009, p117]"
The New York Times,60,"More of the same, then, but such cold-blooded consistency should be commended. [Dec 2009, p. 126]"
AllMusic,50,"Tom Araya's shriek has grown ponderous, and not until rosary-ripping closer 'Not of This God' do the four mid-fortysomethings bypass their rigid polkacore hopscotch for a devastating groove."

Sputnikmusic,90,"This is still insanely large-sounding music, and is heavy in the extreme, but its new tenets give listeners more to hold on--and perhaps dream on--than simply low-tuned, ponderous riffing."
Alternative Press,90,"What weve all come to need is balance and perspective before death, and Pelican provides that with perfect precision."
NOW Magazine,80,"What We All Come To Need finds Pelican mastering their post-metal craft while indulging the ambitious curiousities that hinted at on 2007's 'City Of Echoes.'"
The A.V. Club,80,"Having established the hypnotic power of loud, dense guitar marches long ago, Pelican sound free enough at last to explore melodic intricacy and inventive theme-and-variation play without hewing to the old layer of protective gloom."
PopMatters,80,"Pelican don't look like metal kids - however, their ruminative riffology and ability to raise apocalyptic visions mark them out as practitioners of a new, reflective metallurgy alongside the likes of Sun0)))'s Stephen O' Malley. [Jan 2010, p. 123]"
Boston Globe,75,"What We All Come to Need is a largely successful display of Pelicans well-defined sound with the invigoration of guest star peers and promising glimmers of growth."
musicOMH.com,70,"Though theres nothing startlingly new here, this is a consistently engaging record that doesnt so much successfully straddle metal and post-rock than have both coursing through its veins."
Chicago Tribune,67,"The guitars are huge. The drumming is fine. But the disc falls a few inches shy of the groups tantalizingly elusive potential."
Pitchfork,60,"Over all the album is pretty decent and enjoyable in its context. When it feels mediocre, its because the ideas, which once made this band and many post-metal bands so ahead of their time, have been caught up to."
AllMusic,55,"Divest the Smashing Pumpkins or Hum of their singers, give the bands room to jam, and this album might have ensued. Without vocals, it feels slightly empty."

Alternative Press,91,"On this album, Wolfmother becomes a band worth paying attention to."
Q Magazine,80,"There isn't a boring moment--when's the last time you could say that about an album with Cosmic in the title?"
Spin,80,"Despite the classic rock pastiche, Cosmic Egg somehow manages to strike a balance between being a carbon copy of a legendary rock album and a tribute to an era--call them the Quentin Tarantino of hard rock."
AllMusic,70,"Cosmic Egg [is] a mature sophomore effort, particularly if it's just judged on all the sonic textures Wolfmorther serves up, but as the album closes with a series of meandering mysticism it's hard not to miss Stockdale's previous reliance on nasty repetitive riffs."
PopMatters,70,"The resultant record should reinforce Wolfmothers eclectic big-tent fanbase while simultaneously shoring up their odd teleological balancing act."
Alternative Press,63,"Some tunes are catchier than others."
Dusted Magazine,60,"This is no groundbreaking piece of art; it's not innovative, it's unashamedly backwards looking, and it rips off the greats to high heaven. It's also bloody awful for a significant amount of its running time. However, when it does work, it's a great thing."
Uncut,60,"Wolfmother 2.0 are as retro as before, at least there's a refreshing variety to the bludgeoning. [Nov 2009, p.115]"
Prefix Magazine,60,"What thesy have done is make the odd generational shift, acknowledging Boston, Steppenwolf, Alice In Chains and The White Stripes in  their search for the ultimate cosmic-blues groove, which on 'In The Morning,' they find. [Nov 2009, p.113]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"But despite its mining of a bygone age, Cosmic Egg has two clear 21st century counterparts. Far Away and Violence of the Sun are the sort of pristine epics found on Guns N' Roses' Chinese Democracy., while lysergic piledrivers 10,000 Feet and the title track could easily have appeared on Kasabians' West Ryder Pauper Lunatic Asylum. [Dec 2009, p. 96]"
The A.V. Club,55,"Instrumental mastery can provide for some fireworks (particularly on the opening triptych), but spending six minutes in service of sprawling songs with no substance (like most of the albums middle third) doesnt do anyone any favors."
Delusions of Adequacy,50,"Cosmic Egg is the kind of album you'd quite happily pop on for the first part of a road trip while you're full of enthusiasm, but it'd quickly get changed at the first toilet stop."
Pitchfork,50,"Much of Cosmic Egg is just that--not-quite-hatched, and in need of sharper claws."
The A.V. Club,50,"Four years in the making second album from Oz hard rockers."
Rolling Stone,40,"Cosmic Egg is the sound of a serious lack of invention."
Filter,30,"You could argue Wolfmothers ballsy and carefree hi-octane music is all just innocent fun, ideally washed down with a six pack of tinnies. Yet its utterly devoid of soul and intelligence."

AllMusic,80,"Between the Buried and Me have refined their sound and improved their songwriting ten-fold, and while The Great Misdirect may not match 'The Silent Circus'' raw energy and intensity, it might be their most coherent album yet."
PopMatters,60,"It's an experience, to say the least. At the same time, The Great Misdirect is the type of overblown record that asks the question, 'Is there such thing as being too ambitious?'"
Los Angeles Times,60,"As the album stretches on, it's hard not to notice that some of the unbridled enthusiasm that made Alaska and Colors the heavy, heady trips that they were has been sacrificed. That's forgivable. The type of a maturation process that Between the Buried and Me has embarked on is never easy, and the record shows that few bands from rock's progressive edges pull it off."
Drowned In Sound,60,"While all the riffs and parts are brillantly performed, they rarely if ever repeat one, and none stick in your head after the band is gone. [Dec 2009, p.108]"


Q Magazine,90,"Blue Record truly depicts a band at the peak of their powers. [Nov 2009, p.106]"
Uncut,90,"This is a ferocious album that's not afraid to be genuinely beautiful. One of the best hard rock releases of 2009."
Mojo,85,"Complex enough to reward repetitive listening and compact enough to encourage it, Blue Record is one of the year's most generous hours."
Prefix Magazine,84,"Blue Record is, in sound and spirit, satisfying metal painted with broad strokes and big gestures."
musicOMH.com,80,"I wouldnt be surprised if theres an overarching concept. It doesnt matter one way or another. Its a gallop from start to finish. Blue Record is going to be hard to top."
Paste Magazine,80,"Baroness simply lets the songs do their thing, never beating us over the head, never pandering, and in so doing, theyve created a surprisingly adventurous album, further establishing their position as one of the finest, not to mention likeable bands in America these days."
Hot Press,80,"Baroness's second full-length somehow tops their powerhouse debut for riffs, songwriting and cohesiveness. [Feb 2010, p. 101]"
The Guardian,75,"Here, as on Red Album, they keep finding new ways to make old Black Sabbath tricks seem fresh."

New Musical Express (NME),80,"Soft metal album that challenges Whitesnake, Bon Jovi and Van Halen. Funny...I think."
Sputnikmusic,60,"It's funnier than the Crue. And that's no mean feat. [Jul 2009, p.106]"
AllMusic,60,"Enjoyment of this LA tribute act's wilfully non-PC parody of '80s hair metal entirely correlates with one's familarity with Poison and Faster Pussycat's liking for double--often single-entendres. [Jul 2009, p.117]"
Slant Magazine,50,"As David St. Hubbins said, 'It's such a fine line between stupid and clever,' and Saenz's locker-room humor wears thin quickly. Even cameos from Slipknot's Corey Taylor, Anthrax's Scott Ian, Nelson's Matt Nelson, the Donnas' Allison Robertson and Brett Anderson, and the Darkness' frontman Justin Hawkins can't keep the same dick joke interesting for 40 minutes straight."
Alternative Press,30,"An exercise in taking a joke way too far."

PopMatters,80,"It's a breath of fiery air, then, that their latest is as close to a return to classic form as anyone could reasonably expect."
Rock Sound,75,"This Walmart-only three-disc set--which includes a CD of rerecorded hits and a live DVD--should remind Hall of Fame voters that the recent nominees deserve consideration for far more than just Simmons' fire-breathing abilities."
Billboard.com,70,"Of course, substance is in the eye of the beholder, and the lyrics dont much stray from Kiss standbys such as partying, sex and, naturally, rock n roll. The results are appropriately direct and unambiguous."
AllMusic,70,"Classic and maybe even a little awesome, Sonic Boom makes that 'hottest band in the world' tag much easier to swallow."
Alternative Press,60,"Paul Stanley and Gene Simmons have knuckled down alongside relative newbies Eric Singer and Tommy Thayer to make a half-decent rock'n'roll record. [Nov 2009, p.90]"
Alternative Press,60,"Will it provide decent accompaniment for a Gene Simmons blood-belching performance in a packed arena? This big, dumb, catchy record passes that test."
AllMusic,50,"The 11 new songs, Kiss' first since 1998's 'Psycho Circus,' hardly deviate from the band's time-proven formula."
Pitchfork,40,"Paul Stanley's rock-as-motivational-address anthems fare a little better, but there's precious little inspiration."
cokemachineglow,20,"They may still want to party every night, but it would take a Kiss Kasket full of Viagra to animate this limp cock rock. [Dec 2009, p. 116]"

Dusted Magazine,80,"A stunning return. [Oct 2009, p.116]"
PopMatters,80,"While they'll never be mistaken for a feel-good band, there is a palpable sense of relief that they get to play together again as a band, and what's remarkable is that they still sound like themselves, capturing that weird murk halfway between '80s metal and '90s northwestern sludge, reminding us that we were missing something in their absence."
Mojo,80,"It is a legitimately excellent record that lives up to (and sometimes even exceeds) the song writing standards set by the band on 'Dirt' or 'Jar of Flies.'"
The Boston Phoenix,76,"Some of the songs even stack up against the band's original catalogue."
Hot Press,75,"DuVall, along with the rest of Alice In Chains, has turned a questionable career move into a moving tribute--and a shockingly decent album."
Mojo,70,"While there are a few lulls, none are glaringly offensive, and the band builds up so much good will with the stronger material that its easy to surrender again to these Chains."
Q Magazine,70,"When AiC hit home though, as they often do, Black Gives Way To Blue becomes the quiet triumph it set out to be."
AllMusic,70,"The band's classic, downtuned stomp could easily pass for an unreleased track from the 'Dirt' era and is sure to keep longtime fans feeling pleasantly dystopic."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"At heart, this is a back-to-basics album a la 'Death Magnetic' or R.E.M.s 'Accelerate;' not essential, but definitely worth a look."
Spin,60,"A decent return, Alice mostly impresses despite the limiting permutations of their angst. [Nov 2009, p.94]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Now regrouped by leader Jerry Cantrell, the bands' sound is still full of menace, melody and doom, chock full of Cantrell's trademark heavy riffs. [Dec 2009, p. 85]"
Boston Globe,50,"Theres still something oddly admirable about Alice In Chains stubborn refusal to change."
AllMusic,50,"What Black lacks are great tunes and a sense of can't-look-away drama."
Mojo,50,"As with latter efforts Jar of Flies and Alice in Chains, Black's most tender moments ('Private Hell') are its most essential. And while William DuVall is a serviceable Staley impressionist, this comeback would register with more purpose had guitarist Jerry Cantrell assumed the vocal lead."
Rolling Stone,40,"ew singer William DuVall spends half his time replicating Staleys nasal misanthropy and the other half buried by Cantrells vocals."

Los Angeles Times,80,"Living Colour has solidified their standing as one of the most consistent, original and important bands America has produced. Theres little left to say: kick the chair out of the doorway and get this essential album into your life, immediately."
The Guardian,80,"Reid's playing is a thrill throughout; his solos sound like a mind blown wide but never to pieces."
Q Magazine,70,"What can be viewed as a weakness can also be seen as a strength, and for the most part one can conclude that The Chair in the Doorway is a successful return to form."
Q Magazine,60,"No boundaries are being broken this around, but Living Colour still hold their own. [Jan 2010, p. 102]"
AllMusic,60,"Their fifh album reveals no radical stylistic shift. [Mar 2010, p.89]"
Sputnikmusic,57,"The band's first release since 2003, 'The Chair in the Doorway,' is too scattered -- and occasionally silly -- to make a serious re-impression."
Lost At Sea,50,"The limited palette and relentless attack wind up a little wearying, especially when married to brickwalled masters."

The A.V. Club,80,"It's one of their strongest albums, which is saying a lot for a band who've been workhorses for the past two decades. [Aug 2009, p.106]"
Boston Globe,70,"Even if it's a little less lively, it's still pretty typical Clutch: always heavy, always solid, and ideal background music for driving a semi-truck through a swamp."
Drowned In Sound,70,"While the harsher edges of their previous efforts have been sanded off long ago, frontman Neil Fallon still has a bucketload of fire and brimstone left in his belly and no-one does the possessed preacher man schtick quite like him."
Billboard.com,70,"Their most streamlined record in years, Strange Cousins From the West marks a return to the bands more robust sound of six years ago."
PopMatters,60,"Freakonomics proves they still pack a punch, though. [Aug 2009, p.101]"

Mojo,80,"This album isn't going to change the way you think about metal, but Killswitch Engange aren't Mastodon; they just want to get the pit going, and this album will surely acomplish that. [Aug 2009, p.108]"
Uncut,80,"Their future as a metal act with their fingers on the button seems assured."
Hot Press,80,"The addition of Southern-fried sludge makes this album almost the complete New Wave Of American Heavy Metal package. [Aug 2009, p.101]"
Rolling Stone,70,"Where 2006's 'As Daylight Dies' hinted at an accelerated focus on the more melodic aspects of extreme metal, Killswitch Engage cements the notion."
Spin,50,"Aside from a few unique moments ('The Return,' 'Take Me Away'), there's not much new to report here."
NOW Magazine,50,"Whats especially frustrating for Killswitch fans is the fact that they know those tracks, which sound so weak on record, will absolutely kill in a live setting."

PopMatters,80,"For all its abundantly positive qualities and minor but clear distinctions from prior efforts, is still an archetypal Dream Theater album; one that's unlikely to broaden their audience all that much, but is conversely guaranteed to thrill their hardcore converts with its renewed devotion to the most exigent and stimulating facets of the band's chosen musical domain."
Rolling Stone,80,"Basically, Black Clouds & Silver Linings is an album that continues the bands increased use of metal riffs combined with extended musical interludes but also brings in strong compositional skills that give the songs the kind of consistency they require in order to be truly memorable and engaging."
Sputnikmusic,60,"Black Clouds and Silver Linings is, obviously, a mixed bag from Dream Theater. Fans like myself will enjoy it, but again, you cant deny how familiar it all feels."
Mojo,60,"With four tracks topping 12 miutes, it's essentially a celebration of pre-punk boffin-rock, 'The Best Of Times 'and 'The Count Of Tuscany' both prog-metal masterpieces worthy of imperial-phase Rush. [Jul 2009,p.95]"
Uncut,60,"Black Clouds and Silver Linings is a good album. Its not great, but its their best in a while."
Billboard.com,60,"They rarely threaten to run out of steam. [Aug 2009, p.101]"

AllMusic,80,"While weeding through the wreckage of science, sociology, and religion for the quivering individual may seem like heavily guarded Radiohead territory, Dredg pulls it off with the human heart still intact. At 18 tracks, it can be a lot to swallow, but keep in mind that many of these are transitional pieces and rarely overstay their welcome."
Alternative Press,70,"The most important takeaway when listening to The Pariah, the Parrot, the Delusion is that however centaurian the album as a whole may be, Dredg are a truly special group."
AllMusic,60,"Pariah isn't without its merits, and diehard fans will likely find few flaws anywhere. But for the casual listener, the album might seems a little less 'Of The Room' and a little more 'Rent.' [Jul 2009, p.126]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Though it often oversteps its own ability a few too many times, The Pariah, The Parrot, The Delusion is clear in aggression and ambition, rarely annoying listeners with undue hubris."
PopMatters,58,"Dredg gets a bit lost in the pursuit of redefining itself; thankfully, the current coordinates arent too far off from what once made the band so promising."

Q Magazine,70,"The Blackout thunder and squall through a batch of songs that deal with the usual topics of heartbreak, betrayal, isolation, and frustration with romance and society and have a familiar sound (sweetly sung vs. rabidly screamed vocals, heavy riffing, cavernous drums, and great walls of processed guitars), but generally have a fresh and vigorous feel that keeps things hopping throughout."
Alternative Press,60,"This record sounds like Story Of The Year if they weree from the UK--energetic pop-hardcore that's ultimately a bit on the fogettable side. [Jul 2009, p.122]"
New Musical Express (NME),40,"Sticking to the formula followed by fellow Welsh emo posers Lostprophets and Funeral For A Friend, the generic metalcore verses and overblown choruses are all present and correct."
Q Magazine,40,"Best In Town adheres to its authors' trademarked, if confused, formula of generic metalcore verses, gratingly incongruous pop choruses, borderline misogynistic lyrics and gags that presumably sounded far funnier in the studio. [Jun 2009, p.119]"

AllMusic,100,"For anyone interested in music that works both as art and an intensely new exciting experience--this is easily the best album that has come out this year."
Billboard,100,"The most compelling--and important--avant garde record since 'Love's Secret Domain' by Coil."
PopMatters,90,"Monoliths and Dimensions succeeds because it is the sound of a new music formed from the ashen forge of drone, rock, and black metal."
AllMusic,90,"It seems to have brought a band who had so long mired itself in total darkness into the cleansing light of day, and in both cases, the results are awe-inspiring."
Sputnikmusic,90,"Monoliths & Dimensions, present OMalley and Andersons sonic murk as something to delve into, their inescapable walls of low-end suddenly beaming with purpose and a million and one instruments."
Delusions of Adequacy,85,"Per Sunn O)))'s long-standing dogma, 'Maximum volume [still] yields maximum results.' But this time, there's enough musical range and temperance to usher even the most resolute naysayer into this intricate wonderland."
Mojo,85,"When you get past the initial impressions of both 'Silent Shout' (2006) and Monoliths & Dimensions, you find something not only stellar but surprisingly different from ones initial impression."
PopMatters,80,"Hopefully those that came to SunnO))) through 'Black One' will find much to love here. If they dont they will be seriously missing out as Monoliths & Dimensions is devastatingly epic."
Q Magazine,80,"Beautifully arranged, its four pieces amplifiy Sunn O)))'s signature drone rumble. [Jun 2009, p.96]"
AllMusic,80,"Words are secondary for Sunn O))), a k a Greg Anderson on bass and Stephen OMalley on guitar, who long ago made thunderous resonant sounds their stock in trade. Whats striking about this new release is its wealth of additional textures: woodwinds, brass, strings, male and female choirs."
Sputnikmusic,80,"With nearly three dozen guest musicians chipping in, the aptly titled Monoliths and Dimensions is far and away the bands most ambitious project to date, but typically, the many guest contributions are so subtly performed and arranged, not to mention entirely in keeping with OMalleys and Andersons collective vision, that we hardly notice."
Alternative Press,80,"Their seventh LP is a(nother) case of 'none more black,' but 'Big Church'--in which a Viennese women's choir provides the counter to crushing, sustained chords are striking departures from Sunn)))'s awesome canon. [Jun 2009, p.103]"
No Ripcord,80,"With the explorations of additional instrumentation as well being more comfortable with silences and with echo, SunnO))) approach the freedom and abandon of the spirit-travelers alluded to in the titles and approaches on this, the band's best record yet."
The A.V. Club,80,"Monoliths and Dimensions is a bold step forward and bodes well for Sunn 0)))s future relevance as not just musicians, but honest-to-god composers."
AllMusic,70,"Well known as purveyors of viscous guitar sludge, the duo of Stephen O'Malley and Greg Anderson expand their ambitions and make some startling jazz-ensemble noises on their seventh album."
Alternative Press,70,"The more Sunn O))) neglect their Earth-worshipping roots in favor of this sort of robe-wearing, avant-garde composer thing, the more interesting it gets."

New Musical Express (NME),75,"This (slightly) new direction is a fitting complement for the smart-assed menace that made the band such fun in the first place."
Q Magazine,71,"Willis still viciously circumnavigates his drumkit with authority and adventure. Warren still manhandles a viscous bass tone that he funnels into heavy themes. Kasai adds texture and dimension, augmenting what's there instead of adulterating it."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Theres something Spinal Tap-ish about the reach for grandeur here--not that its bad exactly, more that it seems not fully justified by the material."
The Guardian,40,"Using Shallow and Waterworks as benchmarks, this doesn't even come close; it's glaringly obvious that the addition of a third member has wreaked havoc on the formula."

AllMusic,100,"Isiss four previous full-lengths have clear story arcs, but Wavering Radiants themes are open to interpretation, giving it added appeal. Close to perfect."
Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"Whether trading in power chords or atmospheric overlays, the band excels at transforming emotions into thrilling sounds, palpable awe, and tangible dread. This is metal played at its arresting best."
No Ripcord,90,"As snobbish as that may sound, you have to lose yourself in Wavering Radiant to hear and feel the big picture."
Pitchfork,85,"Easily the band's most accessible effort, hipsters and headbangers will likely agree it's also their most intricately imagined."
cokemachineglow,80,"Wavering Radiant works as a single piece of music rather than a series of songs, and it is cohesively played by an ensemble that is more interested in the dark majesty of metal than its potential for expressing anger."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Songs are still suite-sized, but this is the toughest and catchiest Isis record since their 1999 debut full-length, 'Celestial.'"
Mojo,80,"To attempt to rank Wavering Radiant within the Isis discography is to miss this point. Fans of earlier releases will likely be disappointed but if this record proves anything, it's that Isis are a fully-functioning organism, slowly moving towards something not yet known by the listener and perhaps not even the band themselves."
The New York Times,80,"There are still the Cro-Magnon howls and monumental riffing matched against maudlin post-rock workouts that you expect from the Californian five-piece, but the songs seem more considered, focused and, well, catchy than before."
PopMatters,80,"The output of Isis, a Los Angeles band often filed under the subcategory of post-metal, upholds a deliberative truce between brute physicality and moody rumination. Wavering Radiant, the groups impressive new album, satisfies both sides in a way that suggests a balance of prior achievements."
Uncut,80,"It probably will never be regarded in the same light as Isiss first three albums (the older a metal band gets, the better their early albums become in the minds of fans), but Wavering Radiant exudes a level of grace that could only come from true masters of the sound, further proof that while they played a large role in setting the template, they also reserve the right to reshape it whenever they damn well please."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Its a proper album, in the sense that a divide is made at four of seven, the title track a segue between halves  its makers clearly bear download culture little respect, constructing their latest so that its best experienced as a whole, bridging arrangements as vital as the blustering bombast and constitutional inflections of grandly designed standout pieces."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Wavering Radiant is a testament to ISIS ability to stare into the face of adversity, unflinching, and deliver one of the finest albums of its career."
Spin,80,"Though the length of the songs can prove to be daunting, the album is arguably one of Isis' finest moments. [Jun 2009, p.105]"
Under The Radar,80,"This is perhaps the first Isis album since Oceanic that both demands and inspires repeat listens. It might very well be Isiss best work to date. At the very least, Wavering Radiant affirms that we still have good reason to follow the band's every move."
The A.V. Club,80,"Wavering Radiant is strong enough on musical merit that decade-strong devotees deservedly ought to join new converts in welcoming the latest Isis album into the world."
Pitchfork,76,"All of this should read like the ingredients of a truly brilliant album. And perhaps on vinyl it is, but the mastering of Wavering Radiants digital format is atrocious, as heavily brickwalled and distorted as Metallicas criminal 'Death Magnetic' (2008)."
Dusted Magazine,75,"Some bands use studio trickery like an instrument, but Isis' straightforward tools avoid baroqueness even when the band is throwing deep."
Sputnikmusic,60,"Its testament to their power that an average Isis album is still pretty good."
NOW Magazine,60,"If the too-often twinned strands of listener preference can be unwound, hopefully it will be remembered as the most-heard Isis album, not the greatest."
Slant Magazine,60,"Only the very dedicated need apply. [Jun 2009, p.119]"
No Ripcord,60,"Theirs is a sophisticated, finely nuanced sound, lynchpin Aaron Turner's vocals notwithstanding. [Jun 2009, p.88]"

Pitchfork,70,"The band sounds the most engaged on the early hardcore numbers like 'Suicidal Maniac' (Suicidal Tendencies), 'Thirsty and Miserable' (Black Flag), and 'It's the Limit' (Cro-Mags), while nods to the metal gods such as 'Ghosts of War' (Slayer) and 'Escape' (Metallica) are blistering and volatile enough to warrant inclusion, but feel a little rote."
AllMusic,60,"Every band represented on For The Lions are hardcore legends, and Hatebreed do their songs justice--they just don''t deliver anything in the way of innovation. [Jun 2009, p.104]"
Spin,60,"Overstuffed and a little undercooked, Lions suffers from the fact that Hatebreeds influences arent terribly diverse, and many of the short, hard, and fast numbers tend to blend together in a way that wont appeal to anyone without a working knowledge of the American hardcore canon."
Sputnikmusic,60,"While it may not stand up to the rest of Hatebreeds canon, it does a great job of promoting some smaller acts that the average fan may not be aware of, and is a must-have for those antsy for new material."

The Guardian,80,"While the Osbourne-fronted and Dio-fronted versions of Black Sabbath are, again, very different bands, this is an album that matches its moment every bit as perfectly as 'Paranoid' did back in 1970."
The New York Times,80,"Sure enough, we know these devils: they're the ones who make so many latter-day metal bands look like hopeless poseurs."
PopMatters,80,"Shockingly good but reassuringly gimmick-free, The Devil You Know is not only the best Dio or Sabbath release in over a decade but a front-runner for heavy metal album of the year."
Drowned In Sound,80,"With Tony Iommi on guitar, Geezer Butler on bass and Vinny Appice on drums, the lyrically macabre and demonically alluring music sounds more like a band backing Ronnie James Dio than it does an act trying to distinguish itself as an entity apart from Sabbath's and Dio's solo endeavors. Yet The Devil You Know has a great sound in its own right."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Proving itself to be more than a reunion cash-in, Heaven & Hell--the re-brand for Black Sabbath with Ronnie James Dio on vocals--has a batch of new material that is every bit as menacingly delightful as 2007's concert tour that revived the lineup after 15 years."
Alternative Press,80,"Whatever they're called, Sabbath still rule. [Jun 2009, p.99]"
Prefix Magazine,60,"Heaven and Hell excel at ye olde power-dungeon plod. Too bad Tony Iommi and Geezer Butler's most churning riffs tend to last mere seconds, before getting buried under attention-deficit arrangements and Dio's theatrical mythopoeia--which gets tiring when so many songs exceed six minutes."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Its supulchral riffs, histrionic vocals and ludicrous lyrics are all comfortingly familiar. Something unexpected wouldn't have gone amiss, mind. [Jul 2009, p.117]"
cokemachineglow,50,"They do their best to distance themselves from Actual Sabbath, but too often its by slouching through their Satanic netherworld, Dios cabaret bludgeoned down by lurching riffs and over-egged orchestration."
Los Angeles Times,42,"There is a small group of Black Sabbath fans who believe the band produced its best work after singer Ronnie James Dio replaced Lord of Darkness/future variety-show host Ozzy Osbourne in the late '70s. Alas, their case will not be aided by their new album."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"While Tony Iommi churns out stock riffs, Devil You Knows success largely depends on whether you can take Dio seriously--not as a vocalist (hes one of the best in the metal game), but as a diminutive old man bellowing innocuous dungeons-and-dragons lyrics, and so unconvincingly that you have to wonder if he actually believes a single word. This record doesnt make a strong case."
Tiny Mix Tapes,40,"The legendary foursome sounds as if theyre merely going through the motions."
Q Magazine,40,"Now 29 years on, The Devil You Know can't quite muster that kind of muscle [heard in Black Sabbath's 'Heaven And Hell']. [Jul 2009, p.88]"

Uncut,80,"Shallow Life finds them adding substance, specifically Evanescence-esque mass-appeal anthems tailor-made for radio. [Jun 2009, p.119]"
AllMusic,60,"It's a shame that in those rare moments Lacuna Coil do stick out their necks, the results are the uninspired, tepid radio rock of Shalow Life's 'Unchained' and 'The Pain.' [Jun 2009, p.104]"
Alternative Press,60,"Those incessant choruses this band is so good at continue to dominate, and yet again, its what ultimately compels us to think of the album as decent instead of merely middling."
No Ripcord,60,"At the end of the day, this album might not be what the change-resistant fans wanted to hear but it was necessary and more importantly, they pull it off quite well."

NOW Magazine,91,"Black Cascade makes it a little harder to just sink into the gloom, but the payoff is hearing Wolves become a more thoroughly powerful metal act."
AllMusic,84,"The fact is that Black Cascade is half victory lap and half turf statement: it hones in on their strengths without sacrificing originality; it pays off magnificently on all the chances theyve taken in the past; it is fucking brutal; and it is another high water mark in the bands catalogue for the New Wave of American Metal."
Hartford Courant,80,"In fact, so powerful has their music become that when alls said and done, we could care less about the bands tree-hugging tendencies, what the lyrics are, or just what the hell that dude in the leggings is in the albums elaborate artwork; were far too busy being awestruck by the music."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Black Cascade meshes razor-throated fundamentals with panoramic sweep, its four thunderous riff odysseys wreathed in soulful desolation. [May 2009, p.109]"
Billboard,80,"Black Cascade is impressive enough to vault Wolves into the top ranks of the highly idiosyncratic U.S. black-metal scene, allowing them rub shoulders with such standard-bearer bands as Nachtmystium and Absu."
Boston Globe,70,"Black Cascade should be taken for what it is: fodder for the band's increasingly heralded live show and, at its simplest, a strong output in an increasingly stagnant, attention craved US black metal scene."
Mojo,60,"At its peaks, it remains bracing in its intensity. But between climatic passages defined by Nathan Weaver's hoarse roar and stern batteries of kickdrum, the band seems to recede into misty, ambient washes that are engaging in their heavy melancholy. [Apr 2009, p.105]"
Rolling Stone,45,"All of Black Cascade pounds away with a similar notion for four tracks and 50 minutes, offering four black metal tides that occasionally shift into some texturally bankrupt, wintry drone."

Q Magazine,90,"Amidst blistering tritone riffs and arpeggiated chords is a group keener to explore sonic harmony than crank the distortion. Crack the Skye is an epic trek across the space-time continuum, entirely on Mastodons terms."
New Musical Express (NME),90,"Crack the Skye presents a stunningly original fusion of sounds."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"Crack The Skye is a monolithic achievement from a band that never compromises in terms of vision or style. It's easily the best metal album of the last 10 years."
NOW Magazine,90,"Its the rarest type of album: one that exceeds every expectation you may have, branding itself in your mind forever and constantly surprising you with how amazing it is."
PopMatters,90,"Crack the Skye has the feel of a classic metal album, steeped in impressive musicianship and stylized construction; its the kind of album you can repeatedly rock out to without ever feeling the desire to skip even one moment of its sprawling majesty."
Uncut,89,"Crack the Skye is a prog-metal classic, void of pretension or hesitation."
Q Magazine,83,"Its the songs that matter most on Crack The Skye, and the songs have rarely sounded stronger."
Alternative Press,80,"Mastodon present a prog-metal concept that would make Stephen Hawking bang his head."
PopMatters,80,"If this all sounds a bit heavy going, Crack the Skye offers plenty of simple pleasures as Mastodon heap on the musical melodrama, with a more-is-more approach to fretwork that's bound to see them liven up moshpits when they support Metallica this summer."
Sputnikmusic,80,"There will be naysayers among the band's extreme, tatted legions. But Crack the Skye is an awesome display."
The A.V. Club,80,"While the band still lack a truly distinctive vocalist, it's become clear that with their mastery of water, earth, and skye, Mastodon's music now feels as powerfully elemental as its subject matter."
cokemachineglow,80,"Fantastic in every sense, the album is also girded with hard-fought musical and emotional maturity."
PopMatters,80,"The album will be attractive to head bangers, math rockers, and now even classic-rock devotees thanks to guitarists Brent Hinds's and Bill Kelliher's deep devotion to the almighty riff."
Mojo,80,"As is the case with metal music in general, its best enjoyed as one gigantic, ostentatious package, and although Mastodons approach has been altered slightly on this album, they never fail to deliver that end of the bargain, record sales be damned."
Hartford Courant,80,"First off, a warning: the best way to encounter Mastodon's Crack the Skye for the first time is with headphones. Reported to be a mystical -- if crunchy -- concept record about Tsarist Russia, this is actually the most involved set of tracks, both in terms of music and production, the band has ever recorded. 'Ambitious' is a word that regularly greets Mastodon -- after all, they did an entire album based on Moby Dick -- but until now, that adjective may have been an understatement. There is so much going on in these seven tracks that it's difficult to get it all in a listen or two (one of the reasons that close encounters of the headphone kind are recommended). It may seem strange that the band worked with Bruce Springsteen producer Brendan O'Brien this time out, but it turns out to be a boon for both parties: for the band because O'Brien is obsessive about sounds, textures, and finding spaces in just the right places; for O'Brien because in his work with the Boss he's all but forgotten what the sounds of big roaring electric guitars and overdriven thudding drums can sound like. The guitar arrangements on tracks like 'Divinations' and 'The Czar,' while wildly different from one another, are the most intricate, melodically complex things the band has ever recorded. There are also more subtle moments such as the menacing, brooding, and ultimately downer cuts such as 'The Last Baron,' where tempos are slowed and keyboards enter the fray and stretch the time, adding a much more multidimensional sense of atmosphere and texture. Still, Crack the Skye rocks, and hard! Its shifting tempos and key structures are far more meaty and forceful than most prog metal, and menace and cosmological speculation exist in equal measure, providing for a spot-on sense of balance. Some of the hardcore death metal conservatives may have trouble with this set, but the album wasn't recorded for them -- or anybody else. Crack the Skye is the sound of a band stretching itself to its limits and exploring the depth of its collective musical identity as a series of possibilities rather than as signatures. And yes, that is a good thing."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Crack the Skye follows Mastodons uncanny tradition of crafting a brand of heavy metal that is unabashed, mazelike, and above all, fresh."
Uncut,80,"'The Czar' is a microcosm of Crack The Skye: thuddingly impressive, richly textured and constantly surprising."
Pitchfork,80,"In a way, Mastodon operates something like prime-era Metallica, unleashing these huge, blistering tracks that journey over peaks and valleys and ditches and oceans before leaving you spinning."
Paste Magazine,80,"Hinds and Co. have dispensed with the neanderthal growls and screams of past records, which might have robbed Crack the Skye of its surprising grace and pushed it closer to the nu-metal end of the spectrum."
Slant Magazine,80,"The overwhelming headiness, relentless heaviness, behemoth riffing, technical proficiency and epic scope of Crack (at least three listens are needed before it all sinks in) should be enough to prove that these guys are the Rush of extreme metal."
musicOMH.com,80,"The music is as ambitious as the plot, but more coherent. [May 2009, p.116]"
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Wanna hear the real masters of puppets? Pop this record on and recoil as you realise the aforementioned are but limp and loose-limbed marionettes compared to Mastodons array of all-conquering modern metal cacophonies."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"It is Mastodon's ability to blend such grandstanding flourishes with a powerful sense of songcraft that suggests Crack The Skye might be some 'Master Of Puppets' breakthrough for the Atlanta quartet. [May 2009, p.98]"
Austin Chronicle,75,"Crack the Skye is Mastodon's most involved album to date, relying on hyper-intricate guitar arrangements and production nuance in service of its freaky inter-dimensional mythology."
The A.V. Club,75,"Happily, the Atlanta quartet has jettisoned most of its sludge aesthetic and now crafts a dynamic sort of hard-rocking head music, equal parts King Crimson and King's X."
Blender,75,"There's more melody here than on previous Mastodon albums; opener 'Oblivion' even has a sweetly grungy Alice in Chains breakdown. And Brendan O'Brien's production does increase the fist-pumping factor in 'Divinations' and 'Crack the Skye'--the latter of which bites some of Metallica's Black Album rumble. But this is still a forbiddingly dense piece of post-prog rock."
Observer Music Monthly,65,"Theres some really wicked ideas buried in the mud here, but between some humdrum instrumental passages and a lot of nu-metal lite-style singing and the general mess of sonics trying to pull them out is like forcing yourself to listen to Joe Satriani for the cool parts."
Rolling Stone,60,"As richly rewarding a work of brilliance as it is, Crack The Skye will nonetheless be beyond the ken of all but those with the most open of minds--or pre--attuned ears. [Apr 2009, p.107]"
Spin,40,"For metal devotees seeking heaviness and shred paired with otherworldly curio, Crack the Skye is the be all and end all, but for anybody without a Celtic Frost tattoo, do not follow 'the wise man's staff / Encased in crystal.'"

The New York Times,70,"Metamorphosis, which follows 2006's commercially stillborn 'The Paramour Sessions,' is the most polished and wide-ranging of Papa Roach's six releases."
Boston Globe,50,"Metamorphosis has a dire determination to its purported good times, its riffs grinding instead of greasy, its rhythms clenched where they should be loose."
PopMatters,40,"Theres nowt nu about this nu metal."
AllMusic,40,"The problem is that Papa Roach don't rise far enough above the radio-rocking competition--it's hard to remember the band's identity at this point."
No Ripcord,36,"With one bright, surprising exception, the songs here either make a terrible impression or they make none at all."

New Musical Express (NME),90,"Static Tensions is the fourth album from Savannah, Georgia metal mavens Kylesa and it may well be the best damn album the bands released and one of the finest of 2009, metal or otherwise."
Pitchfork,82,"Kylesa's lyrics lean towards the abstract and personal. They avoid grand gestures or obvious themes that allow for easy grasp. This time, though, grasp is almost moot. The band has etched light, dark, sky, and earth so deftly onto wax that it vibrates the very soul."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Although a more varied use of the two drummers would be appreciated, the overall echoed effect with the cleaner production offers a complete, homogenized sound, which, when consumed en masse, makes for a killer album. [Jun 2009, p.105]"
NOW Magazine,80,"Along with fellow Georgia natives Mastodon, Kylesa have crafted one of the metal albums to beat this year."
Alternative Press,80,"This is a dynamic, densely-packaged slab of rock n roll, which not only stands alongside the titans of the genre, but gives Kylesa a name of their own."
Drowned In Sound,70,"At the end of the day, the best single word for describing Static Tensions is 'unpredictable,' and although this characteristic may demand a few more listens before the album's many amazing qualities can sink in properly, the ultimate payoff is very much worth the effort."
Mojo,70,"Throughout, drummers Carl McGinley and Eric Hernandez play tight, tribal beats. The heat subsides at times, but it never breaks."
Los Angeles Times,67,"Static Tensions, which, while not as compositionally right-angled as 2006 Prosthetic disc 'Time Will Fuse Its Worth,' liquefies massively ('Perception') and even psychedelically ('Unknown Awareness') into a multiton Teutonic corkscrew."

Entertainment Weekly,100,"For the first time, Lamb Of God sounds as powerful composing songs as it does cranking out riffs--and the transformation is career-defining."
The Boston Phoenix,83,"Diehards may again be disappointed by the acoustic intro to Wrath's closing track, 'Reclamation,' and the subtle nods to melody throughout. But c'mon, Randy Blythe's demonic bark, Adler's chain-gun rhythms, and the ferocious chug-chug-chug-squeal guitar riffing are all vintage Lamb of God."
cokemachineglow,80,"Wrath furthers Lamb of God's reputation for craft and innovation and argues to a broader audience that metal is a style rife with fresh ideas."
Q Magazine,80,"Its still a lot like getting hammered in the skull for an hour, but Wrath allows enough range between the power-chug of Grace and the forbidding rumblings of Reclamation to lift them a long way out of the pits of hell."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Wrath demonstrates Lamb of God's superior musicianship and creative songwriting, but above all else, the band's desire to innovate without abandoning the formula that serves them well."
Billboard,80,"LOG maintain all thise essential elements and more, yet still venture into uncharted territory. [Apr 2009, p.136]"
AllMusic,80,"This confident follow-up is rawer, looser and altogether more agressive. [Apr 2009, p.97]"
Hot Press,70,"Cuts like 'In Your Words' and 'Grace' cover an impressive amount of sonic ground, from delicate acoustic atmospherics to full-on rhythmic pummeling. Yet with frontman Randy Blythe's guttural growl--not to mention his bile-soaked lyrics about religious hypocrisy--this is hardly a bid for an active-rock breakthrough."
Rolling Stone,63,"On its new album, Wrath, the Virginia band roots its best songs in a Motorhead swagger that makes the growly moments stickier and gives the stadium-sized choruses a hint of righteous evil."
cokemachineglow,60,"There's no denying the sheer 'angry basement workout/summer garage weightlifting' potential that Wrath's perfectly acceptable 45-minute running time offers, but without a single hook that sticks around long enough to reel in the fish, all you've got is bait."
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"Theyre closer to turning monstrous dexterity into gut-wrenching metal, but for now, the oblatory goats and virgins are safe."
Pitchfork,60,"That said, theres nothing wrong with a formulaic sound expertly executed, especially in metal, and in spite of a dearth of truly ambitious moments, Lamb of God sounds as consistent as ever on their fifth album Wrath."
Alternative Press,60,"But primally satisfying as it is, the band's meat-and- taters thrash leaves one hungry for some Mastodon- style lateral thinking."
Sputnikmusic,40,"Wrath opens and closes with spans of placid subtlety--a welcome touch that doesn't make up for all the raging roteness in between."

Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"They display a loose, gritty feel that ought to please metal fans as well as those who still think this is Crows version of Spinal Tap."
AllMusic,80,"It's a fantastic album, and one of the standout metal records of the year; it's just too bad that it's kind of embarrassing to admit that you're a fan."
Spin,70,"It avoids the sophomore slump by mixing a little meloody in with the morose--sort of like a down-tuned Pinback for stoners. [Apr 2009, p.108]"
Austin Chronicle,60,"Come With Me If You Want To Live continues the legacy of muted, foggy metal GC began on their 2005 debut 'Bagged and Boarded.'  Theres no question these dull riffs and sludgy rhythms are being played by an indie rocker who has an album entitled 'Nautical Antiques' to his credit."
The A.V. Club,60,"Come With Me If You Want to Live never relents under the weight of its side-project status, nor does it pale significantly in comparison to more serious metal acts, nor is it in any way a piss-take."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"Shards of Come With Me suggest Crow has more to offer the metal gods than the intermittently awesome sludgefests served up here."

Boston Globe,80,"Throughout the CD's 10 tracks, Wino lets his personality show."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Wino aims to combine vocal and guitar swagger with psychosis in equal measure on Punctuated Equilibrium--the mark of someone who knows that one of the best things to do with electric guitars is to figure out how to stun the listener and make them queasy at the same time. So if nothing on the album ultimately surprises, it's still a great demonstration of ability."
Slant Magazine,70,"Here, perhaps his most deft rhythm section (Clutch drummer Jean-Paul Gaster and Rezin bassist Jon Blank) acts as a liberating army -- trad doom, hardcore tempos, mathematic instrumentals, and a Fugazi lope ('Wild Blue Yonder') coexist perfectly with his famously piercing, rounded guitar tone. It's change any hesher could believe in."
Alternative Press,70,"Save for the one glaring misstep, Punctuated Equilibrium doesnt disappoint."
Q Magazine,60,"His debut as a solo artist is no grand break from past form, while confirming that age shall not wither him. [Feb 2009, p.101]"
Billboard,60,"The veteran's authoritive amber croon and psychedelicised, occassionally spectacular axework imbue this mid-tempo set with a grace and economy often lacking in the genre. [Apr 2009, p.107]"
Los Angeles Times,40,"Throughout the album, as soon as the drums and guitar slide into nod-inducing alignment, they veer off-track. The songs simply do not cohere. The numerous instrumental tracks on the album show off the bands virtuosity, but to entirely unmemorable effect."

AllMusic,70,"Lange keeps things rolling--and to his credit, Chad Kroeger gratifyingly comes off as more of a regular guy than a rock star."
Blender,70,"For the first time Nickelback is produced by Mutt Lange (AC/DC, Shania Twain), who has nudged from the band a tougher sound more suited to its inner louse....But he couldnt fully jolt the band out of its comfort zone."
PopMatters,70,"Its a steadfast assault, whether hes brooding over dust in the wind ('If Today Was Your Last Day') or idealizing a girl (She aint no Cinderella when she gettin undressed/Cause she rocks it like the naughty Wicked Witch of the West')."
Spin,70,"Dark Horse is attractively adorned, but don't expect any sort of wild ride."
Rolling Stone,70,"The bulletproof Nickelback provides affordable fun that promises good returns in hard times."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Lange hasn't changed Nickelback wholesale: mostly, they still rock like a post-grunge Metallica. [Jan 2008, p.104]"
AllMusic,58,"The band's Beavis- like embrace of rock & roll debauchery is a sort of marvel of low art."
Alternative Press,50,"The addition of superstar producer Robert John 'Mutt' Lange to the mix ensures that everything here is as radio friendly and mainstream minded as heavy guitar rock gets."
PopMatters,50,"Theres no question about which side of the disc is the more interesting- sleaze beats manufactured sentiment any day--but ultimately its the country half that most people will pay attention to, and to that end there is very little to actively criticise."
Tiny Mix Tapes,40,"A familiar blend of big-riff rockers and pseudo-sensitive power ballads, Dark Horse won't win the Canadian band any new fans--or will its hearty endorsements of oral sex disappoint the devoted."
Spin,30,"Dark Horse was constructed entirely from the group's standard templates of bleating power ballads and dulled hard rock."
Hartford Courant,30,"Their latest is ridiculously brazen, comically outsized, and defiantly Bruckheimer-esque."
AllMusic,30,"Dark Horse finds the group at a creative low point. Each song sounds like an older, better Nickelback hit, and Kroeger only once displays his prior songwriting strength with the sad-bastard portrait .Just to Get High.'"
Spin,20,"The hilarious, parodic single 'Rockstar' excepted, Nickelback's music reaffirms every sex-and-stupidity cliche hard rock can offer."
Tiny Mix Tapes,20,"Kroegers voice sounds more like a wounded goat than ever before, and their blatantly recycled songs touch on familiar themes like strippers, sex, prostitutes, drugs, sex, drinking and sex."

Uncut,70,"Some of the fierce headbanging that is Mudvayne's stock in trade can still be found in 'The Hate in Me,' 'We the People' and 'Dull Boy,' but the bulk of the record finds the group playing its New Game with hard-hitting exuberance."
Mojo,70,"Mudvayne used to be viewed as somewhat of a joke band with its costumes and makeup, but they're more out front and naked now, with markedly more genuine results."
Dusted Magazine,60,"This fourth album finds them repeating the nifty trick of simplifying Tool's complex musical equations. Math metal for dummies, anyone? [Jan 2009, p.113]"
Rolling Stone,50,"With a winning opener (the familiar but nonetheless brutal 'Fish Out of Water') and a handful of other keepers (including 'A New Game' and the surprisingly subtle 'Never Enough'), fans looking for a repeat of L.D. 50, Beginning of All Things to End, End of All Things to Come, and Lost and Found will be more than pleased, but those looking for actual growth would be better off cleaning out their refrigerators."
The New York Times,40,"Mudvayne write some decent guitar hooks (check the title track), but their imagination is parched, with most songs hewing to one formula: riff, whimper, shriek, repeat."
Blender,30,"The New Game signifies Mudvayne's transition from elite metal juggernaut to their inevitable fade into obscurity."
Boston Globe,25,"The album's gooey, mid-tempo grind at best evokes System of a Down stripped of ambition and eccentricity, and might elicit sympathy with whatever culprit is running around that no-stoplight town."

Billboard,90,"Godspeed On The Devil's Thunder sees the Brits at thie operatic best and completely unafraid to fill their songs with orchestral keyboards. [Dec 208, p.142]"
Mojo,60,"Filth's fondness for combining high-minded conceptualism with base British humour is actually their strong point. [Dec 2008, p.123]"
Entertainment Weekly,50,"The obsession Cradle of Filth have with post-production is the very thing that removes the power from this set and makes it more of a wry--and unintentionally comedic--piece and impossible to take seriously."
Los Angeles Times,50,"What were stuck with, though, is yet another Cradle of Filth album that drags on for more than 70 minutes, and although Filths lyrics and flamboyantly eccentric vocal performance are as deliciously demented as ever, the actual musical arrangements dont reach anywhere near the level theyre supposed to."
Sputnikmusic,20,"Symphonic elements always have potential in music, but often are ruined by the execution and this album is no exception. Cradle of Filth fall into the trap of using them as a replacement for actual songwriting, relying on the symphonic arrangements to cover up their lack of talent. It doesn't work, especially because the arrangements themselves aren't too interesting in the first place."

Spin,80,"Achieving that key balance between accessibility and bravely forward-thinking is far from easy in extreme metal, but The Way of All Flesh pulls it off with aplomb."
AllMusic,80,"Nobody sounds quite like them, though, and few metal bands balance spiritual and metallic consciousness so well."
Village Voice,70,"The vocals occasionally become rhythmic and robotic, as if filtered through a demonic Vocoder, but there's no denying this album's rich humanity. [Nov 2008, p.158]"
PopMatters,60,"Excellent lyrics cant save the record from the unnecessary length of some songs; Flesh sacrifices some of its immediacy and impact in tracks that can drift away from the point."
The Guardian,60,"Like the good postmodern thrashers they are, Gojira blend blast beats ('Adoration for None'), sludge stomp ('Yama's Messengers'), and death-and-doom riff spirals (take your pick) with unexpected quirks, like the solid minute of stick taps that open 'The Art of Dying' and the math rock of 'Toxic Garbage Island.'"
NOW Magazine,60,"Unfortunately, this humanity doesn't translate to the music. The performances are flawless, but overly so."
Billboard,50,"Tight and heavy and not terribly fast, The Way of All Flesh recalls Cathedral or Entombed in its groovier moments, but, more often, the chromatic, midtempo riffs and heavily syncopated drumming echo Mastodon."

Boston Globe,90,"Shogun is easily Trivium's most challenging and ambitious album yet, and even though it isn't likely to spawn any hit singles, it was clearly the album Trivium had to make in order to get unduly prejudiced metalheads off their backs and finally silence undue suspicions over their abundant talent and devotion to heavy metal."
Q Magazine,60,"So while fourth album Shogun is impressive, Trivium continues ro make '...And Justice For All' when they could do with a 'Black Album' instead. [Nov2008, p.107]"
AllMusic,60,"Shogun is by no means an outstanding metal album, but it should be enough to satisfy both fans of their older material and those attracted to the meatier hooks of Anthem (We Are The Fire) and Entrance Of The Conflagration."
Rolling Stone,60,"In its place exists an album that rewards the listener with sharp riffs and excellent musicianship about as often as it frustrates with slapdash structures and trite over-drama."
Sputnikmusic,50,"Shogun's assembly and architecture is devoid of the lively attack and emotional elan necessary to make this a true entry into the pantheon of heavy-metal long-players. [Nov 2008, p.158]"

Los Angeles Times,80,"The potential guitar soup and airless drum patterns of death metal is helped along by Bogrens crisp production. And with Twilight of the Thunder God, theyve written a set that takes full advantage of experience and polish."
Alternative Press,80,"On this album, the band sounds like masters of their craft, and in so doing, have given us one of the most rousing metal albums of the year."
Q Magazine,80,"Alongside 'With Oden on Our Side,' Twilight of the Thunder God just might be the strongest record Amon Amarth has written thus far."
AllMusic,77,"Twilight of the Thunder God merely refines these elements, but the tune-up is noticeable. In a discography filled with catchy songs, these are some of Amon Amarth's catchiest."
PopMatters,70,"Amon Amarth sticks closely to the same sound and approach that got them this far in the first place."

Sputnikmusic,70,"All That Remains maintain the progression demostrated on 2006's 'The Fall Of ideals,' further exploring metal taboos like hooks and melody. [Oct 2008, p.156]"
PopMatters,70,"There were some hits and some misses on this band's follow-up to a somewhat commercial success."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Phillip Labonte's melodic vocals give the Massachussetts quintet an edge over their contemporaries, and the songwriting and classy production here suggests they're set for bigger things. [Oct 2008, p.141]"
Alternative Press,50,"Overcome is but a grain in the sand on an oversaturated desert; a metal album you'll enjoy while you play it but won't ever be something youll yearn to hear."

NOW Magazine,100,"Of special note is the 10-minute instrumental 'Suicide and Redemption': listening to it, you almost forget that there are supposed to be words in rock songs, since its filled with building riffs, escalating volleys of tension and release, and moments of frantic drum abandon from Lars Ulrich that should do a lot to redeem his standing in Modern Drummers Drummer of the Year polls."
Spin,86,"Death Magnetic is more than a paean to all things thrash--its the revivification of ambition dormant for nearly two decades."
Pitchfork,83,"Sometimes the album's mini-epics come off as we've still got it! stunts. But when it's working, the effect is like ceding your senses to a particularly well-engineered roller coaster in the dark."
Austin Chronicle,80,"The musicianship feels thrillingly live throughout, and nimble new bassist Robert Trujillo helps, even though he's mostly heard as a distant, ominous rumble."
AllMusic,80,"Like all the best heavy rock albums, it suspends your disbelief, demands your attention and connects directly with your inner adolescent."
Q Magazine,80,"This is the strongest material the band have written in 20 years."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Not only does it banish the memory of 'St Anger' but its easily their best work in 17 years."
PopMatters,80,"As bright young things fall in and out of fashion, it's a joy to have these gnarled veterans back to reinforce the sheer visceral thrill of timeless heavy metal."
Alternative Press,80,"Rubin pointed the direction, but credit goes to the band-which, for the first time on record, includes new bassist Robert Trujillo-for recapturing their old sound and reconciling it with what followed."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Which brings us to the nub of what makes Death Magnetic such a resounding success. Death Magnetic could have dropped 15 years ago and been a logical conclusion to the 'Black' album. Today, it emphatically brings Metallica full circle to an intriguing afterthought: what next?"
PopMatters,80,"They responded with Death Magnetic, the best Metallica album since 'Metallica.'"
Sputnikmusic,80,"Metallica is still vitally violent and on this terrific album--a de facto comeback, even if they never have really went away--they're finally acting like they enjoy being a great rock band."
Pitchfork,80,"The album is more a rebirth, with Metallica exploring what they've learned durig their 20 years at the top of the heavy-metal slag heap. [Nov 2008, p.96]"
AllMusic,80,"Producer Rick Rubin has made Metallica sound like Metallica again. [Nov 2008, p.116]"
Alternative Press,78,"Yet even when the album starts to sag ('The End of the Line,' 'The Unforgiven III'), the guitars crack the spine of every skeleton in Metallica's graveyard, making Death Magnetic one of the fiercest comebacks of all time."
Delusions of Adequacy,75,"Some bloat makes the record fully feel its 75 minutes, but considering all the baggage Metallica had to shed just to find itself again, some minor excesses don't detract from Death Magnetic's importance."
Q Magazine,75,"It's a conservative, preservative move by men who needed to reclaim their ground. But playing by those rules, Metallica wins."
Sputnikmusic,75,"Death Magnetic is just about the best album Metallica could have made at this point."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"By embracing those old sounds and avoiding the trap of sounding like Metallica Trying New Things, it feels like that hunger of old has returned."
Paste Magazine,70,"Metallica certainly have a lot to prove with Death Magnetic, the follow-up to 2003s 'St. Anger,' an album which divided the critics and the bands own audience."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Theres a worrying air of desperation running through the bands lyrical choices that thankfully doesnt spill over into the music, but it is nonetheless a frequent distraction on an otherwise fine album from a heavy metal juggernaut that might just be kicking back into gear."
Rolling Stone,70,"Virtuosity can be impressive without being particularly enjoyable, and it's hard to shake the feeling that for all the potent-as-ever prowess here, Death Magnetic is more a stamp of authenticity than a complete record."
Uncut,60,"It's as though they've kept the whole catch, driftwood, prize-fish and all, rather than sorting through it. [Oct 2008, p.100]"
The Guardian,60,"Death Magnetic at least proves that 40-something millionaires can make a valiant fist of recapturing the fury of youth. Sadly, though, it seems that Metallica will never be 20-years-old again."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Their latest successfully revisits elements of their thrash-metal prime, eschewing bloated self-indulgence for straight-up head-banging aggression, with decent riffs to match, thanks in no small part to producer Rick Rubin."
Observer Music Monthly,58,"All of this provides a great recipe for exactly one good listen. That one listen is best the volume down though, as Death Magnetic might very well be the most distorted, punishing mastering job since the advent of the CD. After that, the charms of the album become significantly reduced."
Blender,49,"The best ones spit in the face of death; this album instead finds aging men trying to reclaim their youth."

musicOMH.com,100,"Lost In The Sound Of Separation is truly 2008's first perfect record. [Sep 2008, p.145]"
Hartford Courant,80,"It doesn't take long for Separation to rescue itself from painfully serious, aggro-MTV mediocrity, as those two tracks are quickly followed up by the riveting 'A Fault Line, A Fault of Mine' and 'Emergency Broadcast: The End Is Near.'"
AllMusic,80,"Underoath has made definitive strides at progression without abandoning the muscular, broad-shouldered hardcore that made it a household name."
Spin,80,"When Underoath hits it they hit it well, and Lost in the Sound of Separation is still a very good record despite its faults."

Q Magazine,83,"This is dark stuff, but there's excellent musicianship to be found on these heavy meltdowns."
Austin Chronicle,80,"All Hope Is Gone as a whole winds up being as bleak and unforgiving as its title."
The A.V. Club,80,"The set is at once Slipknot's most ambitious and accessible outing to date, with a broad palette of sounds and textures that shift faster than Michael Phelps off the starting block."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Happily, Slipknot can pull in these directions and still maintain a new standard of bone-crunching intensity . There are louder metal bands in the world, for sure, but the Iowan nine-piece continue to make the most noise."
Prefix Magazine,80,"SlipKnot's fifth album finds the nine-piece alternative metal band at an unquestionable creative peak--but the effort may only further alienate some of its diehard, shred-metal fans."
PopMatters,80,"While their peers pander to the mainstream, the masked musicians continue to honour their scene by staying true to their roots while broadening their sound."
Hot Press,70,"All Hope Is Gone, reportedly the first thing they've recorded in years without wanting to kill each other, proves that there's still musical unity in disharmony."
Sputnikmusic,70,"Slipknot stops pummeling every now and then for a few lines of melodic chorus, a full-length dirge, even a power ballad thats a sort of spurned love song."
Billboard,60,"Finding new targets for their thrashing contempt, Slipknot make ugliness sound just a little bit pretty."
Mojo,60,"They needed to up their innovating significantly but havent, leaving All Hope Is Gone above-average."
Dot Music,60,"Occasional, more straightforwardly anthemic moments approach the mawkishness of Nickelback, but Slipknot remain showmen at heart. [Oct 2008, p.108]"
NOW Magazine,60,"There's little original in the likes of 'Psychosocial' 'Snuff' or 'All Hope is Gone,' but the bludgeoning guitars are crisp, the overload of percussion suitably crunchy and a sense of bravura and commitment that's lacking in many of today's metal bands runs throughout. [Nov 2008, p.118]"
cokemachineglow,40,"Metal is supposed to be larger than life, especially in Slipknots case, and on this record, their attempt to sound more musically varied has them coming off as tired, apathetic, and above all, weak."
Pitchfork,40,"While it's not without its obvious highlights, All Hope is Gone feels too much like a demo with professional production values to make me recommend it as an album."

Alternative Press,90,"Power metal may not be the most inventive musical style on the planet, but Dragonforce are making it more exciting than most anyone else has for quite some time."
AllMusic,90,"Ultra Beatdown is a relentless explosion of power metal serving as a superb master class for fledgling shredders on any instrument. [Sep 2008, p.152] [Sep 208, p.152]"
Billboard,80,"Those in the know can attest DF is merely coming into its own after years on the touring circuit."
Sputnikmusic,80,"More importantly, though, the songs still totally fucking rock."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Ultra Beatdown ultimately delivers what the band promises, which is all the fans can ask for."
AllMusic,67,"True, the lyrics (nearly all of which offer some variation on a battle/victory clich) are borderline brain-dead, the musicianship is all slippery soullessness, and the production is so oppressive that the instruments might as well be synthesized. But in a subgenre where understatement matters less than showing one's might, these could just as well be merits."
Billboard,60,"A grandiose power metal pomposity that marshals such gusts of keyboard and flowery, Yngwie Malmsteen guitar duelling it basically feels like a climax strung out over 60 minutes; epic in short bursts, slightly tiring in the long haul. [Nov 2008, p.92]"
Observer Music Monthly,40,"Ultra Beatdown features the same guitar riffing, theatric singing and the rest of that stuff that doesnt matter in regards to Dragonforce."

Hartford Courant,72,"Motorhead do what they do best: be Motorhead."
Hot Press,70,"Motorizer falls short of essential and isn't quite in a class with Motorhead's best late-'70s/early-'80s output, but this album is definitely respectable."
Spin,70,"Its that intangible quality that Lemmy brings to every single Motorhead record, something the superb Motorizer has, scuse the pun, in spades."
The New York Times,63,"Motorizer, much of which the band recorded at Dave Grohls Studio 606 outside LA, is Motorheads first studio album since... well, actually, only since 2006, when they released 'Kiss of Death,' which sounded pretty much exactly like this one (not to mention the 22 before it)."
Blender,60,"Lemmy's chief inspiration is war, and this leads to some lyrically sticky moments. Generally, though, high spirits prevail. [Nov 2008, p.109]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"This, his band's 20th album, won't reinvent the wheel, but tracks such as 'The Time is Right' rank among the most evil-sounding in the canon."
Uncut,60,"You know how it sounds: the same as ever. [Oct 2008, p.110]"
Mojo,40,"The atypical melodic 'English Rose' aside, there's little to distingusih Motorizer from its 19 predecessors. [Oct 2008, p.149]"

PopMatters,83,"The polemics are occasionally clumsy, but the band's gloriously over-the-top heaviosity still makes this a fine addition to the SOAD canon. [8 Aug 2008, p.68]"
Sputnikmusic,80,"Malakian and SOAD drummer John Dolmayan have indeed brought something new for their fans to love--and perhaps even for non-fans as well, given the more direct and accessible nature of Scars' music."
AllMusic,80,"Scars on Broadway offers up the tastiest smorgasbord of bite-sized pop-metal delicacies since the last time Cheap Trick recorded a Queens of the Stone Age tribute album."
Alternative Press,70,"Fans of System's earlier work will be used to their unique brand of lyricism by now and will be more impressed with the band's ability to make a solid assortment of songs in a toned-down genre. Even with half the members."
Billboard,70,"It is a cleverly barbed normality."
NOW Magazine,65,"For those who maintain that vocals are the most superficial element of pop music however, Scars on Broadway will be a surprise treat."
PopMatters,60,"Surprisingly radio-friendly System Of A Down spin-off."
The A.V. Club,60,"Malakian's Scars On Braodway further explore his love of machine gun guitars, bongs for breakfast, scatological lyrics and permeating sense of paranoia. [Sep 2008, p.108]"

Uncut,80,"Spider might not make you forget 'Welcome to My Nightmare,' but it's nevertheless a cheerfully twisted yarn delivered with a full-on dose of guitar rockers, the requisite ballad, a soaring anthem, a bit of Beck-flavored groovery, some sly humor and nods to Cooper's glam rock past."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Alice delivers his best album in decades. [Oct 2008, p.83]"
Pitchfork,70,"His gloomy tales are not silly, but neither are they especially threatening, despite Cooper's mildly fetishistic focus on the predatory instincts of a character who spends most of his time wallowing in self-assessments."
AllMusic,60,"An easy recommendation for fan club members and/or serial killers. Everyone else has two or three better Cooper concepts to devour first."
PopMatters,60,"songs, like I'm Hungry, are laudably silly, others simply bland, but with a little help from Ozzy Osbourne and Slash, who adds glitzy embellishments to the heavy, anthemic Vengeance Is Mine, Cooper's back on par."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"Alice still makes Marilyn Manson sound like Mickey Mouse. {Sep 2008, p.112]"

Uncut,80,"To fans that listened to Rage as a means to get 'pumped up' and bring the 'mosh' youll probably be disappointed by the lack of work out music. But to the fans of Zacks militant poetry, listen and enjoy."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"There isn't any filler here; it's all the aural ignition of a gasoline bomb going off in your ears."
Mojo,80,"The music is stripped-down but robust, with de la Rocha on vocals and keyboard and Theodore on drums."
Q Magazine,80,"Its a five-tracker with bite, with venom; its a reminder that while de la Rocha might age like the rest of us, the fires in his belly havent come close to being doused by mundane revivals of his most famous groups mosh-happy hits."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Along with the recent string of Rage-reunion gigs, this set shows the rapper-activist stepping back into the arena, and dude's on fire."
Billboard,75,"This EP cannot be recommended for who I consider our core group of readers unless you are familiar with his previous material and know you enjoy it, but the level of talent is undeniable."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"While this project marks a long-overdue move forward, it cant help but feel like a step back. Its not the content thats timid, but the ambition."
AllMusic,60,"The sound quality is, by all accounts, mediocre, but the raw nature of the music reflects the one day aspect of their motto."

Rolling Stone,90,"Melvins' 18th proper album is essentially classic rock for 2008--with the band's trademark abrasion. [Aug 2008, p.166]"
Prefix Magazine,80,"Nude With Boots is an enjoyably acerbic listen, with a decent spread of compositional variety, that empties its acid bath just occasionally enough to give its audience time to towel off the waves of tumultuous noise."
Hot Press,80,"Its slightly less menacing, yet without a discernible drop in power, which should go down well in the burbs without alienating their hipster metal following."
Mojo,80,"Some are sure to hate it, but unlike any Melvins album since 'Houdini,' Nude With Boots certainly demands your attention."
Billboard,80,"Melvins' evolution from potential stoner rock dinosaurs to 21st century sound shifters is complete. [Jul 2008, p.52]"
Uncut,80,"Nude with Boots follows their last album, 2006's '(A) Senile Animal,' in being one of the most straightforward, epically rawk albums of the Melvins' career. [Aug 2008, p.99]"
Hartford Courant,80,"Flaunting the band's love for classic AOR riffs more here than on any other previous record, Nude chugs along on the strength of licks lifted from Led Zeppelin ('The Kicking Machine') and 'Killer'-era Alice Cooper ('The Stupid Creep'), bringing a sense of boogie to Buzz's now-perfectly honed tablature of bludgeoning guitar work."
AllMusic,70,"Bassist Jared Warren and second drummer Coady Willis (a.k.a. Big Business) return as the perfect-fit rhythm section for lifers Buzz Osborne and Dale Crover, who are still communicating in their own avant-boogie metal language like twins separated at birth."
The Guardian,70,"This band is still nearly as big, as slow, as lumberingly loud as they were in the days Kurt Cobain was trying out for a spot on bass."
Mojo,70,"As with most endeavors in uncharted territory, some songs miss the mark (an unnecessary ambient keyboard instrumental 'Flush,' for instance), but the straightforward beasts like 'Billy Fish,' 'The Smiling Cobra,' and the majestic title song 'Nude with Boots' showcase the Melvins at the top of their game, while the lumbering brutality of 'It Tastes Better Than the Truth' and 'The Savage Hippy' shows that their warped sensibilities are still intact and that they're far from softening, even after almost 25 years in the game."
Urb,70,"In sum, Melvins fans, do what you need to do. Newcomers might want to check out A Senile Animal, but then again, perhaps this one will make the last one easier to understand, and then it may be more enjoyable working backward."
AllMusic,70,"Theyve become one of the most prolific staples of the American underground. And its there that Nude With Boots is a sound and welcome contribution."
Billboard,63,"The results are surprisingly tame, if not un-rocking."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Its not a bad piece of work overall, but when we want to hear classic Melvins, pleasant music isnt exactly what were looking for."
Rolling Stone,60,"Nude With Boots alternates between their trademark, skin-crawling sludge rock, and more accessible, almost anthemic moments. [Aug 2008, p.106]"
RapReviews.com,60,"Sure, there's a little too much filler, but this is pleasingly radio-unfriendly fare. [Aug 2008, p.140]"
The New York Times,58,"Nude sounds, well, a bit naked. Lean and not mean enough, songs like 'The Kicking Machine' and 'The Stupid Creep' are as conventional as anything the band has ever recorded."
Sputnikmusic,50,"Nude With Boots, their second effort with Big Business' Jared Warren and Coady Willis, continues to muscle up that foursome, the BBs proving the long-lost rhythm section to drummer Dale Crover and guitarist Buzz Osborne."

Alternative Press,70,"While not every song is a winner, the title track and sleaze anthem 'This Ain't a Love Song' are standouts."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Lyrically and musically, the album is not a big departure from the band's classic sound, with all 13 tracks telling a glam-rock story of tattoos, drugs and strippers."
NOW Magazine,70,"Whatever the future holds for Mtley Cre proper, Saints of Los Angeles is the bands first album together since 1997s 'Generation Swine,' and a far superior effort at that."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Motley Crue has been trumpeting their hedonism for so long and so loudly that it's become more of a caricature than a way of life, and while Saints of Los Angeles is the best thing they've laid to tape since their codpiece heydays, it's more of a walk down memory lane/sunset strip than a legitimate call to arms."
The Wire,60,"The trip down memory lane helps the Cre connect to their old sound: Much of Saints rocks with the same raucous fun as their Eighties albums, delivering glam guitars and arena-size choruses on cuts like the wickedly catchy 'Down at the Whisky.'"
Uncut,60,"While Saints Of Los Angeles is occasionally stunning, as is consistent with Sixxs recent return to form, it often sounds too much like something Nikki Sixx would expect Cre fans to like, rather than the top-class rock n roll hes time-and-time-again proven himself capable of making."
Billboard,50,"The Cre have managed to serve up another satisfying platter of ass-jiggling drag race rock for the NASCAR set and beyond with Saints of Los Angeles."
Spin,40,"The album finds them hamming up their debauched image to the point of self-parody. [Oct 2008, p.149]"
Pitchfork,40,"Their resolutely adolescent outlook is set to the usual thunderous drums, fiddly-widdly guitars and fist-pumping choruses, though none possessing the magnificent dumb charm of '89's 'Kickstart My Heart.' [Oct 2008, p.101]"
AllMusic,37,"There is some of the old energy here, thanks in part to the presence of drummer Tommy Lee, who drives 'Down at the Whisky' and 'Chicks=Trouble' like somebody with a head full of stimulants. Yet the album lacks the tune-craft that once made vintage Cre such hits as 'Dr. Feelgood' and 'Kickstart My Heart' so appealing."
PopMatters,20,"For Mtley Cre, every new record is a Faustian deal: their former glory as 80s hair-metal badasses in exchange for sustained economic success in a diminished, lame-ified state."

Tiny Mix Tapes,88,"Its a ridiculous album, sure, but take 'Defenders of the Faith,' replace the Metallion with Nostradamus, double the number of awesome riffs, add the occasional pan flute and symphonic embellishments, and you have the most grandiose metal record likely to be released this year."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"The piano-led 'New Beginnings' is one of several sombre mood pieces on what is the most ambitious work of the band's 40-year career. But fear not, headbangers: 'Revelation,' all chugging rifferama and panto villany, prove that Priest are still mad for it. Metal, that is. [July 2008, p.100]"
PopMatters,60,"The Brummie veterans' 16th studio album is every bit as gloriously over-the-top and ludicrous as you might imagine. [Aug 2008, p.135]"
Mojo,50,"The songs themselves are hit or miss, with the emphasis falling on the latter, due mostly to an over-reliance on three-chord, midtempo filler, but as is the case with nearly every Priest offering, when they're on they're dead on."
Q Magazine,50,"Nostradamus isn't likely to surprise you--this is softcore for the hardcore."
The A.V. Club,50,"Some of the music is brilliant, some is numbingly indulgent."
Austin Chronicle,50,"It all makes for a bewildering package, sometimes exhilarating, sometimes middling, and sometimes astonishingly bad, and while a good 45 minutes worth of Nostradamus is fully deserving of high praise, on a 100-minute double album, thats nowhere near enough."

Billboard,90,"Watershed marks a new chapter for Opeth, one that promises infinitely more than its predecessors."
Hartford Courant,90,"Its their most crucial album since 1999s stunning 'Still Life,' and its title could not be more appropriate."
PopMatters,90,"If anything, the group's latest is another musical masterpiece from a band known for putting out musical masterpieces."
AllMusic,80,"Prog was rarely as songful as the brutal beauty here."
Rolling Stone,80,"A substantial addition to the band's catalog."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Watershed, the new Opeth album, broad enough to encompass death-metal pummeling as well as cello and English horn, is typically engrossing--symphonic, and in a way organic."
PopMatters,80,"Patience, persistence and a good set of headphones will uncover fragile melodies here amid the maelstrom, though the guitar noodling can veer dangerously close to Mark Knopfler territory. [July 2008, p.101]"
Q Magazine,75,"Watershed has friction, and friction brings heat. Those left cold by metal's po-faced tendencies might well warm up to it."
Uncut,70,"What Opeth do best is flat-out shred, and at its finest moments, Watershed howls like the unholy union of Queensryche, Yngwie Malmsteen and Morbid Angel. [Aug 2008, p.166]"
Los Angeles Times,60,"Growls and blast-beats come decorated with guitar work that explores scale after scale of diabolical pleasures. [Aug 2008, p.101]"

NOW Magazine,80,"The group backs it up with a forceful sonic fusillade that recalls Disturbed's 2000 debut, 'The Sickness,' while doing away with some of the melodic niceties that crept into 'Ten Thousand Fists' and 2002's 'Believe,' right down to Draiman's jungle animal vocals."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"While Indestructible doesn't meddle with the melodic hard-hitting Pantera-inspired formula that fueled its predecessors, the dreaded nu-metal tag that followed the band out of the turn of the century seems wholly eradicated."
Mojo,70,"The album features a great number of their best songs to date, a couple expected stinkers, and some expected and unexpected lyricism."
Q Magazine,60,"In failing to take up the sword as they should, therefore, they wind up sounding a little lost on Indestructible, stabbing their weapons without any reasons behind each parry, setting up vague agendas they cannot follow through on. Despite this, its still a reliably solid, passable hard-rock soundtrack for 2008."
AllMusic,40,"Problem is, much of Indestructible, banks on the same old angst-mongering that has fueled a zillion rock-radio hits in the past 10 years."
Billboard,40,"Big riffs and bigger choruses here will ensure continued American radio support, but Draiman's penchant for singing like a woodland animal startled mid-coitus won't stop the sniggers. [May 2008, p.130]"

Boston Globe,90,"To call this 'sunstroked desert hallucination mood music' sells it short. It actually transforms the atmosphere of the space in which it's played. [June 2008, p.132]"
PopMatters,80,"Smile is one of the better heavy releases this year, and one of the best in the band's extensive catalog."
AllMusic,80,"Near the albums close, the psychedelic insanity of Ka Re Ha Te Ta Sa Ki is a whirlwind of pounding drums, circular chanting, spasmodic guitar noise and violent soloing that perfectly exemplifies Smiles fusion of panicky, heavy abrasiveness and lush, melodic and dreamy sprawls."
PopMatters,80,"More hooks (and cowbell) make Smile the band's most accessible album, but Boris haven't softened. [May 2008, p.94]"
Hartford Courant,80,"A cover of 'Flower Sun Rain' by '70s Japanese supergroup Pyg sounds like the Super Furries, while a 16-mkinute doom jam with SunO)))'s Stephen O'Malley is as titanic as you'd hope. [May 2008, p.91]"
Blender,80,"Smile finds them advancing that set melodic agenda and playful rearrangement of classic rock DNA. [June 2008, p.109]"
Billboard,74,"The inherent awesomeness of Boris is essentially intact."
The New York Times,70,"While the American Smile is a worthy follow-up to Rainbow and Pink, it's the Japanese version of the album that makes it a masterpiece."
Q Magazine,70,"While Smile may be inarguably more accessible than their previous releases, it still has enough cloaked treasures to keep the diehards interested."
Pitchfork,70,"A comfortable listen, occassionally diverting, but by no means a groundbreaking album. [May 2008, p.51]"
Alternative Press,70,"Here the hairier, dronier doom aspects of the bands sound have here largely been put on hold to focus on songs, and the results are the sort of mixed-bag of serious stunners and unfocused ideas that we might expect from a superbly talented and intelligent band trying to eke out a new path in the wake of a defining album."
Uncut,64,"Smile is their exquisite-corpse sequel, a near-automatic exercise in drawing inspiration from anybody but themselves."
Billboard,60,"Smile does have it's special moments, but the problem is that they never amount to anything better than the star parts on their previous efforts."
AllMusic,40,"Though excellent in brief parts, much of the album is still worrisome, at times specifically seeming to document a band running out of steam."

Sputnikmusic,90,"Fans of Jesu will enjoy the boisterousness of some arrangements here, the incessant crushing of the listeners resistance."
PopMatters,80,"Pyramids would serve as a helluva soundtrack to a dream I once had, a lucid dream around age 10 wherein I woke up within the dream, realized I was in a dream, and acted accordingly. Super accordingly."
Rolling Stone,80,"Pyramids very impressive debut treads the fine line between otherworldly beauty and sheer unadulterated noise, its loveliest soundscapes blotted by feedback and distortion, its most aggressively ugly rampages pierced by unexpected intervals of tranquility."
Q Magazine,70,"Pyramids leaves its mark as an extremely remarkable and impressive dbut, and once heard, is unlikely to be forgotten."
Alternative Press,70,"The results are far better than you'd imagine."
Hartford Courant,65,"Sure, they're a very raw talent, but a formidable talent nonetheless, and this record's peaks hint at even greater musical epiphanies to come."
NOW Magazine,60,"The mixes (on the second disc) reinforce the strength and weaknesses of Pyramids, not only showcasing their craftmanship in the surface of sound, but also insinuating that there might not be much beyond these sculped surfaces. [July 2008, p.55]"
Spin,50,"Pyramids can sound like several songs playing at once, a psychedelic instrumental played backward, or the muffled recording of a session two rooms away. [July 2008, p.155]"

Uncut,91,"Although vocalist J.D. Cronise can't quite hit the castrato peaks of Priest frontman Rob Halford, Sword's hell-bent-for-leather propulsion ('Under the Boughs') and twisty song structures ('Lords') are more than enough to induce your ears to bleed with pleasure."
Mojo,90,"The album's primary footholds--those downstrokes; that kick drum; those poker-faced paeans to wizards and wenches--are as true, and as sinisterly black-and-blue, as doom metal gets. [May 2008, p.136]"
cokemachineglow,89,"From the opening preface, 'The Sundering,' it's apparent that Gods transcends the Sabbath worship of its contemporaries, a clearer sense of control and pacing underscoring the biblical tales of wrath and retribution."
AllMusic,80,"The Sword has avoided the dreaded sophomore slump and delivered a CD that builds on its debut with heavier riffs and a better sense of dynamics."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"This blend of Sabbath-inspired riffing, windswept chug and songs called things like 'Fire Lances of the Ancient Hyperzephyrians' has a neat shtick, no particularly awkward edges, and a vague sense of nostalgia for an adolescence maybe you never lived the first time out. [May 2008, p.107]"
The Wire,80,"Of course, hilariously outlandish quasi-mystical song titles like 'Fire Lances Of The Ancient Hyperzephyerians' probably wont help their cause, but the progressively regressive arrangements, more skillful riffing and their relentless, groove-conscious attack will go a long way toward endearing them to serious metalheads wholl appreciate the Swords obvious Sabbath, Maiden and Budgie inspiration."
Prefix Magazine,70,"The riffs are huge, the rhythms are sneaky and brutal, and the 'guitarmonies' are effortless, due with little doubt to the band's epic touring schedule. In fact, everything's been turned up, except the vocals."
Pitchfork,70,"Their weaponry is wrought from comedy gold."
Sputnikmusic,70,"How scary/ridiculous the lyrics are is a matter of personal taste (or lack thereof), but it'd help if the production were more Scandinavian and less like, well, the Rocket from the Crypt rip-off band that singer/guitarist J.D. Cronise was in before he devoted his life to 'Paranoid.'"
Dusted Magazine,70,"Gods of the Earth is shaky in places, but once its longboats settle in the water, it's a force."
Drowned In Sound,60,"There's not an original thought in the quartet's heads, giving them free reign to gleefully exhume the corpses of Black Sabbath and Kyuss with hulking riffs and bear-like voices. [Apr 2008, p.107]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"When it comes to the vocals, though, Cronise never delivers on the same level as the rest of the bands work, and the longer Gods of the Earth goes on, the more distracting this weakness becomes."
PopMatters,60,"The quartet's grandeur evokes Maiden and Priest with a hint of Thin Lizzy, yet they avoid European power metal's widdly overkill. [May 2008, p.109]"
No Ripcord,53,"For the most part, it's all the same old bong-thrash, save for the record's one non-heavy trick: English-jig folk."
Delusions of Adequacy,50,"The Sword akes the safe, oddly paradoxical decision to stay off the cutting edge. [Winter 2008, p.97]"
Pitchfork,33,"For all intents and purposes, The Sword's Gods Of The Earth is the exact same album as its predecessor, 'Age Of Winters.' That isn't a good thing."

The Wire,100,"The result challenges brain and body, sure (just try headbanging to obZen), but it also dares any other metal band to write a more ferocious album."
Alternative Press,90,"obZen is a thoroughly enjoyable and engaging record, and is without question an early contender for metal Album of the Year."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"This is sheer attack metal, played by a band that has run from simplicity to excess and incorporated them both into a record that is on a level with anything else they've done, even if not all the elements marry perfectly yet. Just get it."
Alternative Press,80,"They're still crisp and cold--kind of like the Terminator--but somehow unlike Ahnuld, it's possible to hear a human heart beating within the steel. [May 2008, p.138]"
Austin Chronicle,80,"So while theres very little thats surprising about obZen, the album finds Meshuggahs strengths filtered through tighter song structures and more approachable grooves than weve heard from them in a long time."
Hartford Courant,40,"The stiff, weirdly disengaged, single-note guitar solos and Kidmans monochromatic death screams dont make you want to keep dragging yourself through the record."

Uncut,100,"The follow-up [to 'Kezia'], Fortress, mines similar territory but cranks the ferocity even higher."
NOW Magazine,90,"It's a scarily mature album for a bunch of 21 year olds to have recorded, and the pairing of its ambitious lyrical concepts and motivated songwriting is something to be admired."
AllMusic,80,"Protest the Hero is having fun with their creativity here, and Fortress is a better album for it."
Blender,80,"Fortress stands out as gratifyingly heavy and heady."
Spin,80,"What makes Fortress much more than just a chain mail-clad sweep-picking clinic is the band's ability to weave bold melodies into the album's thudering riffage. [Feb 2008, p.116]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"Despite the fact it can get a bit homogenous and maybe a tad over-the-top with its concept, Fortress is one of the most entertaining metal albums Ive heard in a long time."
Q Magazine,36,"Protest the Hero suck off the idea of metal tropes and also think they have a sense of humor."

PopMatters,80,"Their anthem-filled fourth album's brazen swagger may prove irresistible. [Nov 2007, p.137]"
Mojo,80,"Such tracks as 'Critical Acclaim,' 'Almost Easy' and 'Lost' keep the crank factor high--but as part of a bolder, broader and more engaging soundscape."
Pitchfork,75,"The catchy Stone Temple Pilots vibe of 'Scream' is enough to put the band back on the charts, but that could happen with more than half of this albumAnd it probably will."
Filter,75,"On this fourth LP, their super-melodic, which may annoy hard-rock purists. [2 Nov 2007, p.64]"
The A.V. Club,60,"While straying from metal's path, they uphold its legacy of conservative politics. [Nov 2007, p.148]"
The A.V. Club,60,"While their willingness to experiment is admirable, despite the fact that they've gone overboard with their overdubs, the overabundance of studio polish leaves one to wonder if it's not because the songs just aren't as strong this time around."
Sputnikmusic,50,"With tighter, mercifully shorter songs, like the Slayer-meets-slash trasher 'Almost Easy,' they're now defiling America's youth with more substance than style. [Nov 2007, p.114]"
AllMusic,50,"Avenged Sevenfold is so all over the map musically and lyrically, it's difficult to decipher whether it's pure genius or the most convoluted mess of music you'll hear all year. [Dec 2007, p.178]"
Alternative Press,50,"The tunes--or at least whatever M. Shadows feels like bellowing--sound like the kind of lame, nu-metal angst-mongering that dominated the radio in the late Nineties."
Prefix Magazine,40,"The end result is a safe, predictable record that could very well be Metallica-lite (like the new Metallica), in addition to being pretty close to silly."
Blender,30,"Avenged Sevenfold is 'City of Evil' minus the cool parts, more of Shadows, a circus, and an occasional female singer thats supposed to make it all sound innovative."
The A.V. Club,20,"Unoriginal, overlong even at a ten track setlist, and riddled with banality (the disc is even being released the day before Halloween, could it get more corny?), Avenged Sevenfold is execrable in nearly every conceivable way."
Sputnikmusic,20,"Avenged Sevenfold suffers two-fold from a dearth of genuinely good musical ideas- the infectious vocal melodies which underpin Bat Country and Sidewinder or the dynamic interlocking guitar lines of the latter and Beast of the Harlot- and a total absence of the critical faculties which should have allowed a small orchestral ensemble go hungry rather than become party to the madness of A Little Piece of Heaven."

AllMusic,80,"Morgan simply lets his rage rock, infusing the album with the same kind of active/ alt-rock straddling approach that's vaulted Seether's previous releases to gold status."
NOW Magazine,60,"With hardly a distraction or ballad in sight, it is their most direct and focused record yet, and quite possibly their most consistent."
Alternative Press,30,"On this South African band's third album, the guitar tones are a teeth-grinding, digitized-sounding nightmare, and a series of I'm-singing-through-a-cell-phone vocal filters can't disguise how played out Morgan's style is."
Sputnikmusic,20,"Finding Beauty in Negative Spaces is nearly all negative space with very little beauty."
cokemachineglow,20,"Anyone believing that Bush betrayed grunge's punk promise will feel like reaching for a shotgun. [Aug 2008, p.135]"

Q Magazine,80,"It's a wholehearted, utopian and irrefutably exciting record. [Nov 2007, p.94]"
Billboard,80,"Amped to an industrial sheen by producer Youth and packed with stripped-back stadium choruses, Born Into This rips from the speakers like an irate Velvet Revolver, Billy Duffys relentless axe-hero riffing matched by Astburys typically waspish lyrics."
The A.V. Club,70,"Aside from the occasional flourish of their post-punk gothic past, most of the record is the dirtiest and heaviest hard rock they've recorded since the '80s."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Astbury's voice is just as deep and earnest as it ever was and comes through like gangbusters on opener Born Into This, while Billy Duffy's guitar work is still as raw and dirty as it should be--clear indicators that the whole album doesn't give itself time for ego or pointless filler."
Blender,60,"They return to what made them one of the '80s most reliable rift-heavy outfits. [Oct 2007, p.99]"
AllMusic,50,"With few real rockers, Born is more disappointing than it had to be."
Spin,50,"Despite always titanic levels of rock-star delusion must at some level be aware that this time they have turned in a truly half-assed piece of work."
Alternative Press,50,"Overall, the discs major flaw lies within its cloudy production values."
Rolling Stone,40,"Its all-too-mechanical new album fails to meet the band's genre-melting potential."
NOW Magazine,20,"A risible attempt to recapture long-vanished glories. [Nov 2007, p.137]"

Sputnikmusic,80,"The result may be the year's heaviest, creepiest, and sexiest hard-rock group effort. [Oct 2007, p.104]"
PopMatters,70,"H.I.M. isn't a band known for profound lyrics, but, at the same time, most fans of the band don't want to philosophize, they want to hear the group rock out, and this release shows them doing precisely that, even harder than before."
Sputnikmusic,70,"When Ville lets loose a rare scream on 'Love in Cold Blood,' it's a downer. Dude: We know you've come to suck our blood, but at least have the courtesy to romance us first! [Oct 2007, p.110]"
Billboard,70,"Venus Doom is such a refreshing return to an organic, guitar driven sound unheard since 2003's 'Love Metal.' [Nov 2007, p.170]"
PopMatters,60,"Though it's pretty easy to be the best band in their self-created genre of 'love metal', if you can ignore the cartoon goth twaddle that comes out of Valo's mouth, you'll find an extremely well-executed pop-metal album underneath."
Rolling Stone,60,"The melodies tend toward the lush, while underneath, Valos bandmates rock with fury and efficiency, ensuring that all the heartbroken laments are badass enough for hardcore metalheads. Not a bad trick."
Sputnikmusic,60,"With every album that he writes HIM mainman Ville Valo gets closer to his dream fusion of Metallica, Depeche Mode and Ozzy, while still remembering to add some distinctly gothic beauty. [Oct 2007, p.93]"
Q Magazine,60,"Their chart-friendly clothes fit them well. [Oct 2007, p.98]"
Mojo,60,"The experimentation pays off."

Uncut,82,"If you aren't already in the know, though, let this serve as some sort of wakeup call to the Oakland band's best collection to date."
AllMusic,80,"It's sharp and in your face, like a scimitar. [Oct 2007, p.110]"
NOW Magazine,80,"The deeper you go into the record, the more reassured you become that these musicians know what theyre great at."
Spin,80,"DITC will still melt your speakers. Jack Endino's clean yet full-tilt production fills out the sound, but it's drummer Des Kensel's ability to push forward and hold back--not simply pound monochromatically from start to finish--that truly creates the thriving, volatile atmosphere here."
Paste Magazine,80,"Matt Pike has changed over the years, though, and it hasn't hurt at all."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"The familiar sounds are thrilling enough, but the real treat on Death is This Communion is just how much variety the band brings into the music this time around."
PopMatters,80,"On their fourth album, the goal continues to be to outdo themselves in terms of heavier-than-thou riffs, thundering drums and ominous aggression."
Hartford Courant,80,"High On Fire's fourth album sees them once again on thunderous form. [Nov 2007, p.95]"
Q Magazine,70,"Death Is This Communion slays in all the right places, but had it ventured into some of the wrong places we mightve had an album really worth dribbling about."
Spin,60,"The Bay Area band increase their stylistic range, with flashes of psychedelia, and creatively druggy overtones to balnce out the epic pummeling. [Oct 2007, p.104]"
AllMusic,60,"The primitive beauty of Matt Pike's dense riffs and Des Kensel's tribal rhythms should ensure that the Foo Fighters' frontman usn't the only one falling in love with the Oakland trio."

Blender,83,"Their classic albums all had filler, but The Last Sucker has none. Each song is instantly identifiable. Riffs are huge, driving, and upfront. Songs maneuver crisply through choruses and bridges, avoiding the meandering that plagued previous efforts."
Alternative Press,80,"Jourgensen's covers are usually all-party time, but this album holds no hope for and finds no joy in America and expresses it brilliantly."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Is The Last Sucker Ministrys masterpiece closer to its career? Not totally, but its a powerful album that leaves you wanting more."
Rolling Stone,80,"Elemental guitar riffs knock around the noisy yet balanced mix like grenades in a Maytag full of crankcase oil, as electronic beats launch forward, clash hand to hand, spit automatic fire....It works."
Uncut,69,"The Last Sucker isn't as huge as 'Psalm 69,' but it is Ministry's most exciting record since."
Q Magazine,60,"While there's nothing here as dense and biting as the Ministry slams of Bush Sr. in the '90s, Jourgensen can still pile on the jackhammer beats and clever samples."
NOW Magazine,40,"Al Jourgensen is bringing Ministry to a close, and truthfully, it's the right time. [Nov 2007, p.113]"

Pitchfork,100,"Not since 'Mechanical Animals' (1998) has he stared within so unblinkingly; the focus pays off in conflicted, nuanced singing that makes some of his past rage sound rote."
Blender,80,"Among Manson's most compelling records."
The New York Times,75,"Eat Me, Drink Me lacks menace... Still, [it] boasts a clutch of Goth-rock numbers that, if not evil per se, are still devilishly good."
Village Voice,70,"There's nothing quite as immediate or fantastic as 'Disposable Teens' here, but the album on the whole is a triumph."
Dusted Magazine,70,"This album sees him rising from the hordes of spider-black hoodies, becoming a musical force beyond the Download ticket-holders."
PopMatters,70,"Eat Me, Drink Me is a bona fide creative rebirth."
NOW Magazine,70,"There aren't really any Beautiful People-type moments, only a collection of songs that work surprisingly well as a kind of musical diary for a performer who has finally acknowledged that he's not the threatening icon he once was."
Mojo,70,"Like his best work, Eat Me, Drink Me is as fun as it is cartoonishly scary."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Manson's music still evokes decay, but he sounds more fertile than ever. [Jul 2007, p.116]"
Spin,60,"Forget what you know about this guy and it'll come off like a decent, and rather efficient, little goth-pop record."
Q Magazine,60,"The songs and Ziggy guitar solos are more accessible than usual. Manson can croak like an undead, but can't sing to save his life."
Stylus Magazine,60,"Musically, affairs lack Manson's customary anthemic poise, but tracks like 'Heart-Shaped Glasses' draw on Berlin-era Bowie and Iggy's The Idiot with brooding panache. [Jul 2007, p.107]"
AllMusic,60,"It's not his best effort, but it's the perfect mood setter for your midnight absinthe and auto-erotic asphyxiation party."
PopMatters,60,"[It] scales back the Weimar guignol of 2003's The Golden Age of Grotesque in favor of classic industrial and glam. [Jul 2007, p.98]"
Los Angeles Times,58,"It's a modernized version of Marilyn Manson: heavier guitar, a touch of neo-thrash, and some metalized Bravery-style new-wave pop."
Pitchfork,50,"Despite some spooky background noises, the music leans toward a glam-gone-grim style, reverting to a sound that predates Marilyn Mansons past industrial-rock stomps."
Spin,50,"There are only a couple of songs with enough impact to avoid boring people who catch the band on tour this summer. [9 Jun 2007]"
Uncut,50,"The results are too often less-than-inspiring, and our Marilyns music has not established the sort of consistency required to atone for this lack of drama."
Los Angeles Times,50,"Mercifully, this album shouldnt even be a footnote  its no nadir, for sure, but it sure isnt any good."
Hartford Courant,50,"Put simply, this is B-Movie rock: from the death rattle vocals, to the clichd riffs and hackneyed subject matter."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"He has spectacularly failed to make an album that has any bite."
Playlouder,33,"His career for the last decade is basically that of a chicken with its head lopped off, running around the coop unawares whilst coughing up a never-ending stream of blood. If you couldnt guess, Eat Me, Drink Me is where the fowl finally falls over and collapses in a pile of its fellow poultrys fecal matter."
New Musical Express (NME),10,"The album is a stunningly lackluster, impersonal anti-work."

Slant Magazine,83,"Equally adept at rave-ups and ballads, Incubus even make their unexpected forays into space-rock work. [1 Dec 2006, p.82]"
NOW Magazine,80,"On Light Grenades, they are a tightly focused, purposeful band, shifting moods and textures at the drop of a dime, proving that they have become a rare thing: a modern heavy rock band that actually grows and improves with each album."
PopMatters,75,"'Light Grenades' refines the band's attack modes: melodic and muscular, gentle and intense."
Blender,70,"Fans who have been frustrated with recent output will be able to find a lot to like here."
Rolling Stone,70,"Overall, it's what you'd expect from Incubus--and that isn't a bad thing. [Jan 2007, p.138]"
The Guardian,70,"Its not an album that will be easily forgotten."
Uncut,70,"An admirably muscular and direct effort. [Jan 2007, p.145]"
Boston Globe,60,"At its worst, Light Grenades is a little scattered, but when it's good, Incubus sound only like their hard-rocking sentimental selves."
Spin,60,"The tearjerkers flow free on their sixth studio album. [Jan/Feb 2007, p.88]"
The A.V. Club,50,"The album flounders during their attempts at arty funk. [Jan 2007, p.92]"
The New York Times,40,"The musics intricacies become less impressive when so many of them are directly lifted from far better songs. [27 Nov 2006]"
Billboard,40,"'Light Grenades' offers little change to Incubus' formula of having Brandon Boyd perform his brand of strained vocal gymnastics. [2 Dec 2006, p.30]"
Hot Press,40,"The band seem to have suffered a who-are-we?-style mid-life crisis. [Jan 2007, p.100]"

Drowned In Sound,100,"Saturday Night Wrist proves yet again that Deftones have a corner on the transcendental-metal market. [Dec 2006, p.192]"
Dot Music,90,"If youve even the slightest interest in heavy music, you simply must make Saturday Night Wrist an integral part of your record collection."
musicOMH.com,83,"The album is mostly a heady, atmospheric, willfully too-difficult-for-radio wash of sound that, save for a handful of tracks, stretches out and explores Deftones' creative limits more than ever before."
Stylus Magazine,80,"Wrist is yet another excellent record from mainstream hard rock's only real hope."
Prefix Magazine,75,"Boasts some of the Deftones' best out-and-out metal tunes to date. [3 Nov 2006, p.76]"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Features the kind of envelope-pushing fans have come to expect."
AllMusic,70,"After a long apprenticeship, Deftones have started to sound like their own band: one that seesaws between agonized crooning and hard-rock attack, within songs as well as through albums. [30 Oct 2006]"
Los Angeles Times,70,"Their most well-rounded, focused record yet, one that comes scarily close to besting White Pony while heading in a slightly different direction at the same time."
musicOMH.com,70,"The songwriting never quite comes together, but this is a metal record that gets by as much on sonic tricks as monster riffs."
Alternative Press,70,"['Wrist'] sees [Deftones] continue to explore that hazy hinterland, where The Smiths' sensitivity and Sepultura's sledgehammer riffs overlap. [28 Oct 2006, p.35]"
PopMatters,70,"Ultimately, Saturday Night Wrist is satisfying, though it may take a few listens given all the changes in individual cuts that tend to blur together the first time or two through."
Q Magazine,61,"Saturday Night Wrist continues the Deftones sad trend, another album of scattered transcendent moments in a field of attention-getting parlour tricks, still eagerly tugging at the listeners sleeve to say, 'Listen to this sound we created!'"
Rolling Stone,60,"For most of 'Saturday Night Wrist,' Deftones contentedly let their instruments wander, inventing a meandering soundscape that broods in near darkness. [4 Nov 2006]"
Blender,60,"A record that feels massive without tipping into bombast. [Nov 2006, p.106]"
Spin,60,"A sideways step in the right direction. [Nov 2006, p.97]"
The New York Times,60,"The Deftones' fifth album turns the dial to 'statesmen.' [Dec 2006, p.172]"
New Musical Express (NME),58,"When the Deftones are successful, they seem to slow down time, expanding on floating moments of doubt and mystery. When theyre not busy getting bogged down in all those mini-moments, dragging the album through dread patches of sluggishness that is."
Uncut,40,"There's little of the fire and invention that characterised 2000's White Pony. [Nov 2006, p.140]"

Alternative Press,90,"In the Absence of Truth is as solidly explosive and as adventuresome as Panopticon, but their elemental control over the music is greater, therefore creating a more even production."
Drowned In Sound,83,"Despite a couple brief dull spots, the ingredients are so carefully selected and masterfully performed that the collection creates a pretty endlessness, existing at its best as one long take of dark-n-stormy post-rock."
The A.V. Club,80,"It's certainly a leap further into the ethereal weirdness that defined 2004's shoegaze- and electronics-inspired Panopticon. [Nov 2006, p.192]"
NOW Magazine,80,"The dynamics and musicianship of songs like 'Not in Rivers, but in Drops,' '1000 Shards' and 'Holy Tears' reveal a band at the top of its game. [4 Nov 2006]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Even if the high-minded concepts prove elusive, no worries. [Nov 2006, p.138]"
Amazon.com,80,"Theyve pushed themselves on this album, striving to achieve something honestly different to what was released before it. Occasionally theyve fallen short of perfection, but for the most part this album is a certifiable success."
The New York Times,80,"Its the sound of a band knowing how to execute the formula to near-perfection, each lengthy song teasing us, ebbing and flowing hypnotically, tantalizingly hinting at a huge crescendo of sonic pyrotechnics that doesnt quite arrive in full. In other words, a comfortable tension."
PopMatters,80,"They remain a fantastic band, constructing their own cities of sound, a strange architecture with wine-dark interiors."
Rolling Stone,75,"The songs are still long, the rhythms are still organic, and in general Isis still sounds like Isis."
New Musical Express (NME),75,"Theirs is music brimming over with passion first explored, then exploded."
AllMusic,70,"Its still unclear where this band is going. [23 Oct 2006]"
cokemachineglow,65,"Underwhelming."
Billboard,60,"Every strong point is matched by a weaker one, but there is never an extremity of either."
Uncut,50,"In the process of adding new facets to their sound,  Truth winds up reinforcing self-imposed limitations."
Spin,50,"Truth subverts metal's natural will to power with dreamy, ambient passages that are never as sublime as the band clearly thinks they are. [Dec 2006, p.98]"
Blender,40,"Alas, it feels like In the Absence of Truth finds the band both spinning its wheels and running out of ideas."
Stylus Magazine,40,"It's a powerful formula, but one the band perfected with their 2002 album Oceanic. [Dec 2006, p.141]"
Q Magazine,40,"The lurch towards conventionality has exposed Isis' limitations: their paucity of melodic ideas, the pompous drumming, the lack of wit or soul. [Jan 2007, p.100]"

AllMusic,100,"Hearing Blood Mountain in its entirety is like awaking from a coma to discover you have working ears. [Oct 2006, p.206]"
Pitchfork,100,"Put simply: there isn't a bad track on 'Blood Mountain', which will be seen as the metal release of this year, on whichever level you care to mention."
Alternative Press,100,"If youve any interest, whatsoever, in rock music in any of its subgenre forms, you need to afford Blood Mountain some considerable attention."
Billboard,100,"With Blood Mountain, Mastodon have completed a three-album arc that most young bands can only dream of, culminating in a record thats as thrilling as it is multifaceted, as melodic as it is bludgeoning."
Blender,100,"Blood Mountain is terrifying in scope as well as execution."
Drowned In Sound,90,"One could go on for hours about the qualities of each individual song, but it is the way they coalesce as a whole that makes Blood Mountain an incredible listen from start to finish."
PopMatters,90,"A study in elemental force that rides the line between thrash and plod with enlightened originality and compositional skill to spare. [Dec 2006, p.89]"
Dusted Magazine,87,"If Blood Mountain, their brilliantly upsized and unrelenting third album, doesn't confirm their position as the greatest big-time metal crew on earth, I demand a state-by-state recount."
Stylus Magazine,80,"Yes, sometimes more is better. [21 Sep 2006, p.82]"
Prefix Magazine,80,"'Blood Mountain' is a strong record by a powerful band nearing an ideal of cohesion."
The New York Times,80,"Blood Mountain is everything fans both hoped for and feared. Mastodon has dug even deeper in its foray into prog metal, but without losing an ounce of their power, literacy, or willingness to indulge in hardcore punk, doom, and death metal."
cokemachineglow,80,"A truly original, innovative, heavy-as-hell, interesting heavy metal record that you can listen to more than twice without wanting to smash it to a million pieces with an axe."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"The perfect entwining of brain and brawn. [9 Sep 2006, p.37]"
Village Voice,80,"Mastodon mostly veer clear of the slick atmospherics that turn other technical metal bands into post-rock wallpaper. [Oct 2006, p.117]"
Spin,80,"Intense, invigorating and beguiling."
Delusions of Adequacy,77,"Most of the songs show the band in top form."
Q Magazine,75,"Major-label metal hasn't sounded this hungry since Metallica got haircuts. [20 Oct 2006, p.81]"
Uncut,70,"Baffling, but exhilarating. [Nov 2006, p.144]"
Alternative Press,67,"An album of many highlights but not much visceral or emotional impact."
Playlouder,67,"Blood Mountain is a big slab to grab, especially shakier bits such as Josh Homme stinking up 'Colony of Birchmen.'"
Drowned In Sound,60,"Problem is, Blood Mountain's hail of convoluted riffs and abrupt time-signature changes never settles into one of Leviathan's mammoth grooves. [Oct 2006, p.137]"
PopMatters,50,"They're still not so great at turning their majesitc heft and pushy paradiddles into memorable songs with hooks. [Oct 2006, p.100]"
The A.V. Club,50,"When the members of Mastodon decided to make an audiophile's wet dream of a metal album, they abandoned the vein-bulging spontaneity of their former selves."
Delusions of Adequacy,20,"Syrupy, multi-tracked vocals akin to Supertramp in a particularly foul mood have replaced the primal roar of old, while their tectonic hugeness has been supplanted by the wearisome over-indulgence of musos at play."

Paste Magazine,89,"Not since the maniac thrash of 1986's genre-eclipsing Reign in Blood have these SoCal wastrels managed music that sounds so frighteningly out of control and yet wholly, idealistically pure of intent."
Pitchfork,80,"[Drummer Dave Lombardo's] return hasn't complicated Slayer's brutal, single-minded aesthetic, but it has stoked the hellfire that merely sputtered on God Hates Us All. [Sep 2006, p.97]"
Rolling Stone,80,"An anti-Christian/anti-Islam/anti-Theocratic, anti-war album, Christ Illusion is essential for anyone interested in the genre."
The New York Times,80,"While its unlikely the band will ever top such astonishing albums as Reign in Blood, South of Heaven, or Seasons in the Abyss, Christ Illusion is still a remarkable return to form."
AllMusic,80,"Christ Illusion is not a throwback; it's something new steeped in something old."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"The album has a kind of demented gravity, and the music bears it out: it is the most concentrated, focused Slayer record in 20 years."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"This is the most brutal metal record to see a release in 2006."
Uncut,80,"Guitarist Kerry King physicalizes Arayas emotional investment; his mad, crunched-up playing is anxiety rendered in sound."
ShakingThrough.net,80,"Sounds as hideously vital... as [Slayer] have at any time during their 23 year career. [26 Aug 2006, p.41]"
cokemachineglow,75,"They're not exactly shaking up their own heavy-duty formula, but with the hell-and-handbasket thing going strong, what difference does it make to them?"
Entertainment Weekly,75,"The question with Christ Illusion, as with any post-Seasons album, is simple: could these songs make it into Slayer's live set? The answer is yes, and more than the usual one or two."
Q Magazine,70,"Christ Illusion sounds like an bid to get back to the Reign In Blood era by reining in the tech prowess that weighed down God Hates Us All and Divine Intervention."
Stylus Magazine,70,"Their most rigorously conceived and focused [album] for years."
Austin Chronicle,70,"If you're the sort of person who only buys one metal album a year, then you'd probably be better off buying the new Mastodon album 'Blood Mountain' and going to see Slayer live but otherwise, what the hell are you waiting for..."
Blender,70,"The good news is that this is the bands strongest music since Seasons in the Abyss. The bad news is that, compared to their vaulted 80s output, the album lacks intensity."
Spin,70,"Innovative it's not. [Oct 2006, p.112]"
Prefix Magazine,60,"There is a sense of 'heard it before' on many of the songs on the album, but, nonetheless the songs still have the ability to rip your ears off."
The Guardian,60,"Blends the furious muscle of 2001's God Hates Us All with the more melodic experimentation of their post-Reign work. [Sep 2006, p.112]"
Austin Chronicle,40,"Slayer seem unwilling to ditch the nu-metal tendencies that have made much of their recent output so resistible."
Uncut,40,"For the most part Christ Illusion is flabby and arthritic. [Oct 2006, p.126]"
AllMusic,30,"'Christ Illusion' for the most part consists of leaden, grinding sludge devoid of any urgency or malevolence."

PopMatters,63,"What matters most is, with Monochrome, Helmet is back to doing what they do best."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Monochrome is marred by Hamilton's vocals. [Sep 2006, p.218]"
The New York Times,60,"Its the sound the band became known with: big guitars playing suspended chords, crisp drums, barked verses and carefully sung choruses. [17 Jul 2006]"
Drowned In Sound,50,"With Monochrome, Hamilton seems to have realised that stepping away from the majors and their requisite studio production sludge can only be a good thing. Now, if he can find a new direction to blaze in rather than re-tread thrice-covered ground, he may be on to something."
Blender,42,"For the most part, songs lumber along with little forward motion."
New Musical Express (NME),30,"The band has reached its absolute nadir on Monochrome, which commits the cardinal sin of any music: it is freaking boring."

E! Online,80,"Lostprophets are big and brash and brilliant. And this is rock'n'roll radio."
Stylus Magazine,80,"Time that could have been spent on cultivating studied cool, a la The Bravery, appears to have been wisely invested in memorable songs. [Jul 2006, p.101]"
NOW Magazine,70,"While Liberation Transmission may be a lyrical vacuum, it is also a musical masterclass in how to create 12 tracks of killer with almost no filler."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"Essential listening for mall rats everywhere. [Aug 2006, p.113]"
Playlouder,67,"Around the world, 15-year-olds will fall for this band. Then they will turn 16 and move on. [30 Jun 2006, p.161]"
Dusted Magazine,60,"Lyrically absurd, musically turbo-fuelled."
Mojo,60,"If they're going to ascend to big-name status, this third release, their most punkily accessible yet, will be the one that does it."

musicOMH.com,100,"Pink showcases every sound Boris can make."
Spin,90,"Pink is easily the most cohesive, adventurous, and straight-ahead rocking recording of their 12-year career."
The Guardian,90,"At the close, the guitars surge forward in waves of noise, a precursor of what's to come. And come it does, with the hammering, staccato fuzz of the album's title track and the speed riffs of 'Woman on the Screen.'"
Q Magazine,87,"But for now, basking in Pink's riptide, Wata, Takeshi, and Atsuo are 2006's balls-out riff-makers to beat."
Dot Music,80,"Take the receipt and lose it--you wont be returning this record anytime soon."
Pitchfork,80,"Theyve upped the speed quotient considerably on this outing, forgoing much of the Melvins-inspired slack of previous efforts in favor of ugly, rapid-fire riffing."
Alternative Press,80,"Once you get past the placid bit at the beginning, it's straight into the relentlessly pummelling assault we've come to love and expect from the mighty Japanese trio, and Pink's wallop-per-second rate puts it in a class with Heavy Rocks at the top of the Boris heap."
The New York Times,80,"there's something in this that sounds just so much more intelligent than fannying around making devil horns."
Drowned In Sound,79,"If Pinks more evolution than revolution, it still stomps all over most of its close genre surroundings, leaving maybe Tiger Bear Wolf and The Woods as far as 2005 goes."
Stylus Magazine,70,"Pink is their fastest, most instantly gratifying album."
PopMatters,60,"This Japanese power trio possess a lurking sense of Metal traditionalism, producing a scabrous wall of guitar noise, crunching, dense and turgid."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"Color me unimpressed."
Uncut,40,"Pink is muddy as a bowl of bad split pea soup, and twice as hammy."

Drowned In Sound,100,"As with everything in Tool's oeuvre, 10,000 Days packs enough beauty, heartache and triumph that it will be dissected, studied and envied by younger bands for years to come. [Jul 2006, p.196]"
Q Magazine,80,"It's not only a step forward for the band, but a re-embracing of the epic-length rock songs found at the roots of early heavy metal."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"It's probably the most engagingly brilliant heavy metal album that'll be released on a major label all year."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"It's clear this group have ways of getting beneath your skin. [20 May 2006, p.33]"
The Guardian,75,"Sounds exactly like you would expect a Tool album to sound."
Spin,75,"If '10,000 Days' lacks the absolute intensity and focus of 2001's 'Lateralus,' the new album at least stands as a stirring repeat of the Tool musical manifesto. [6 May 2006]"
AllMusic,70,"On 10,000 Days... Tool maintain a level of craftsmanship and virtuosity unparalleled in metal. [15 Jun 2006, p.92]"
Neumu.net,70,"Essentially a synthesis of the various phases of the band's career. [Jul 2006, p.85]"
Pitchfork,60,"When Tool sounds as good as it does on ['Jambi' and 'The Pot'] it's hard to get enough. Which makes it all the more baffling that a surprisingly large chunk of the disc is given over to mood-enhancing soundscapes like 'Lost Keys' and 'Vigniti Tres.'"
Drowned In Sound,60,"Stupendously packaged, the music robustly mixed and often achieving new levels of bleak beauty, 10,000 Days is too strong a work to call a disappointment, but the constant need to fill out a CD to 75-80 minutes is threatening to become the bands undoing."
Dusted Magazine,60,"The entire record is a disquieting trip."
NOW Magazine,60,"Neither funny nor thought-provoking, the band strains for touchstones beyond the technicality of prog-metal and rarely achieves them."
Playlouder,60,"I, myself, will likely revisit 10,000 Days for plenty of extended listens, partly because I'm a percussion whore and partly because I want to be able to enjoy it with my Super Metal Friendz. But this is Soy Tool, a rubbery substitute for the real thing."
cokemachineglow,60,"As daunting as its title suggests. [Jul 2006, p.114]"
Blender,60,"It presumably adds up to Something Important, but good luck deciphering what. [Jul 2006, p.103]"
BBC collective,59,"Rather than delving further into experimentation or exploring their strengths, Tool have made an...A Perfect Circle record."
Stylus Magazine,50,"10,000 Days sounds messy and poorly paced."
Tiny Mix Tapes,50,"Nothing here to best the hungry creativity of Aenema's 'Eulogy' or Lateralus' 'The Grudge,' which is particularly frustrating given that drummer Danny Carey dazzles again."
Alternative Press,33,"'Progressive' doesnt mean clocking in at over seven minutes no matter what. It doesnt mean hitting every goddamn skin, tom-tom, and cowbell on your drum set. Being 'Progressive' doesnt justify an album cover that looks like a stoner stumbled upon a documentary on Mayan civilization. Im not sure, but I think 'Progressive' is about growth and change."

AllMusic,91,"Wolfmother's ultraconfident tracks could unclog rock radio's weakened arteries. [28 Apr 2006, p.136]"
Drowned In Sound,90,"One of the stronger debuts of 2006."
New Musical Express (NME),90,"Wolfmother might not be the most original band on the planet, but they rock hard and, most importantly, without a trace of irony. [May 2006, p.91]"
E! Online,80,"A terrific gonzoid metal album."
Los Angeles Times,80,"This is purely primal, instinctive rock and as derivative as it may be, it still sounds awash with originality."
Rolling Stone,80,"Where fellow Aussie pasticheurs the Vines get more depressing the more they manage to sound like Nirvana, listening to Wolfmother's hilarious attempt to board the long-departed cock-rock bandwagon - singing 'She's a woman, you know what I mean!' as if they have never seen a woman, let alone touched one - is actually quite fun."
Spin,80,"Unlike the Darkness or Eagles of Death Metal, these guys don't think this shit is funny, and instead of making them ripe for mockery, it makes Wolfmother that much more respectable."
Amazon.com,80,"The riffs blast as if it's 1971 all over again. [Jun 2006, p.148]"
PopMatters,80,"Amazingly, it somehow avoids the drivel of The Darkness by sheer gleeful abandon. [Jun 2006, p.98]"
Billboard,80,"Far from rocket science, but immense fun nonetheless. [Jun 2006, p.117]"
cokemachineglow,75,"What makes their self-titled debut rise above mere pastiche is how capably they strike a balance between meaty vintage metal and crisp, stoner-rock melodies."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"They're songs infused with bite and bile, quite ridiculous, very bombastic - and let's make this point one more time - utterly, utterly thrilling."
Uncut,70,"An intriguing garage-rock thread runs through Wolfmother's songs, broadening their sound. [4 May 2006, p.56]"
Blender,70,"A young, kick-ass band with a dusty, unpolished garage sound, Wolfmother excels in what everyone else has already done."
Pitchfork,70,"For all the strengths of the more straightforward songs, its the more adventurous fare on the album that hints at Wolfmothers true strengths."
NOW Magazine,70,"Wolfmother have a canny knack for a tune. [Jun 2006, p.98]"
Austin Chronicle,67,"The surprising thing about this retro rock trio is that it can actually rock."
Stylus Magazine,65,"Their strength lies in the fact that the threesome are capable rockers with conviction, and just enough irony to make it work."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Deliciously downright dirty."
Slant Magazine,60,"At times, Wolfmother's unintentionally bizarre amalgams are kind of delightful, and the group does have a basic, brutal sonic force that is pretty appealing, but even at their best, they never banish the specters of the bands that they desperately mimic."
Urb,60,"The shelf life of this stuff can be fleeting (ask the Darkness), but for now it sounds pretty good."
Dot Music,33,"Its not that Wolfmother are all that bad. Its just that everything there is to say about them is best said by immediate reference to another band and Wolfmother always come up short in the comparison."

musicOMH.com,80,"Though obviously unconcerned with finding a place in the mainstream, this release just as cool and catchy as anything by Evanescence."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"At once loud and elegant, Karmacode raises Lacuna Coil's heaviness tenfold without sacrificing a drop of the band's mystical ambience. [May 2006, p.168]"
Prefix Magazine,70,"Karmacode does carry on for a few songs too many, and save for Enjoy the Silence, doesnt take any bold steps forward, but it still shows just how good Lacuna Coil are at what they do, presented in a high-gloss, primed-for-stardom package that is bound to go over huge."
Blender,70,"A set of tuneful, atmospheric doom-pop gems that appealingly swirls stiletto-heel beauty and black-leather brawn. [May 2006, p.108]"
Uncut,50,"Essential listening... but only if you're of that particular breed of misfit who grills their cornflakes before adding milk, in order to make breakfast that bit blacker an experience. [1 Apr 2006, p.41]"
Q Magazine,42,"Part of the problem is that the melodies are spicy, but the riffs are pedestrian, almost nu-metal."
Pitchfork,30,"With each mid-tempo riff swamped by syrupy harmonies and machine-tooled strings, this is metal with the edges filed down and all the soul sucked out. [May 2006, p.128]"

New Musical Express (NME),90,"A collection that contains no weak links, no fillers, no afterthoughts and almost no mistakes."
Rolling Stone,80,"A mature and workmanlike metal monster-piece."
Billboard,75,"P.O.D. too often fall back on vanilla 'bang boogie.' [Feb 2006, p.85]"
PopMatters,60,"A sleek collision of burbling basslines, adversarial vocals and downtuned brutality. [Mar 2006, p.109]"
Mojo,58,"Adds a few improved grooves and hooks to their usual numbing pummel. [3 Feb 2006, p.70]"
E! Online,42,"With nothing to react against and few new ideas to air, P.O.D. mostly operates in default mode, relying on hitmaker-for-hire Glen Ballard to inject the music with new life. Sadly, he doesn't."
Lost At Sea,40,"New touches only further dilute P.O.D.'s already watered-down sound. [Jan/Feb 2006, p.96]"
Drowned In Sound,40,"The most notable aspect of Testify, in fact, is how little P.O.D., or their guitars, have to say."
AllMusic,30,"It is P.O.D.'s lyrics, which are stuck in adolescent neutral, that doom 'Testify' to feeling like a relic. [28 Jan 2006]"
NOW Magazine,20,"P.O.D.'s new album sounds exactly like all their other ones."
Stylus Magazine,0,"Therell be some splainin to do at the pearly gates."

AllMusic,88,"While some recent Korn records sometimes got lost in the sludge, 'Twisted Transistor' and other new tracks reach back to find harsh, and intimate, hard-rock hooks. [6 Dec 2005]"
Alternative Press,83,"Sonically stunning stuff. [16 Dec 2005, p.80]"
PopMatters,80,"If rap-metal were ever meant to evolve, See You on the Other Side is the record that does it."
Blender,80,"Korn have succeeded in bringing mainstream producers to inject freshness into their songs, without entering into a Faustian bargain and compromising their music."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"'See You on the Other Side' turns out to be Korn's version of a Nine Inch Nails album - a good one. [5 Dec 2005]"
Stylus Magazine,70,"Fusing strange, arresting rhythms with gothic atmospheres, these surprisingly modern-sounding soundscapes should earn Korn a deserved second wind. [Jan 2006, p.127]"
Q Magazine,60,"Its center becomes weighed down with bland mid-tempo numbers and the final song detracts from the powerhouse close the record might have had."
musicOMH.com,60,"For the most part, the producers simply add audio garnishing to Korn's signature sound via loops and Pro Tools trickery. [10 Dec 2005]"
AllMusic,60,"Unfortunately, singer Jonathan Davis can't find the focus and freshness to match the band's reanimated riffs."
Spin,60,"Less scary but more melodic, Korn guns for hits, not street cred. [Mar 2006, p.113]"
Q Magazine,50,"Has a polish that verges on parody."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"If you scratch below the surface of 'See You On The Other Side' you'll find little of substance. [3 Dec 2005, p.43]"
E! Online,40,"Korn are too lumpen to handle 'sophisticated.' [Jan 2006, p.102]"
Blender,30,"Despite this album's production credits reading like a PhD thesis, Korn's commercial masterplan is fatally undermined by certain glaring weaknesses, the main one being that their singer is a dunderheaded, sexist, self-pitying fool."

Rolling Stone,100,"Against all odds, the completed Mezmerize/Hypnotize project is actually greater than the sum of its parts - in fact it quickly becomes impossible to think of it as anything else than one epic piece of work."
Billboard,90,"'Hypnotise' is full on, paranoid, insane, intense, terrifying, and it's telling the truth too... dangerous stuff in other words."
NOW Magazine,90,"System of a Down confound and irritate even as they rock."
Lost At Sea,88,"'Hypnotize' has some of the circus-is-in-town surrealism that links System to the Frank Zappa avant-rock tradition, but overall it's more of a fundamental rock album. [20 Nov 2005]"
Los Angeles Times,83,"It's a strange brew that may not be everyone's cup of tea; still, there's no denying these cats have their singular system down pat. [25 Nov 2005, p.100]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"The fact that this angry, avant-garde record, like its predecessor, will probably top the US charts is simply remarkable."
AllMusic,80,"The band's best album so far. [21 Nov 2005]"
musicOMH.com,80,"System Of A Down's music is highly layered and complex, but never succumbs to self-indulgence. Every track is tightly-coiled and urgent because, even while they're trying to broaden your horizons, SOAD are aware of the need to rock hard."
The New York Times,80,"System Of A Down remains the one metal band non-metalheads can enjoy. [Dec 2005, p.156]"
Q Magazine,80,"Hypnotize has a little bit of everything: protest, pretension, comedy, brute force, delicacy, compassion, crassness, fury. [Dec 2005, p.143]"
Amazon.com,79,"As the less ambitious of the two albums, Hypnotize is at once more aggressive and more restrained."
Billboard,75,"Reaffirms the Los Angeles-based band's strong pop sensibility."
Rolling Stone,75,"For what it's worth, Hypnotize is the project's better half. [Dec 2005, p.102]"
Blender,70,"Not that the band's blend of metal; world music; jagged, breakneck rhythms; and non sequitur lyrics don't still connect, but it is nowhere near as dazzling as it was on its first two go-arounds. [26 Nov 2005]"
E! Online,70,"That exhilarating directness gives Hypnotize a distinct edge over the more mannered theater of Mezmerize."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"By destroying the momentum of the of the new record by tossing in a trio of very weak songs that are the very definition the word 'filler', what could have been a landmark hard rock double album becomes merely a good one."
Uncut,60,"In many ways [it] seems in thrall to its predecessor. As a study in System Of A Down's multifarious strengths and occasional weaknesses, however, it's indispensable. [Jan 2006, p.110]"
Dot Music,60,"Hypnotize isn't a radioactive pile of suck, but had the Down boys offered some genuine hairpin turns in their aesthetic, there might be more reason to pursue a more meaningful dialogue that transcends the tired notion of 'System just being System.' [Jan 2006, p.127]"
musicOMH.com,50,"Even if Hypnotize is full of missteps, its existence as a separate entity is what makes Mezmerize nearly perfect."

Playlouder,100,"The irony police already have an APB out on these dudes... but in reality, the old guard are just jealous because they didn't think of it first. [Dec 2005, p.206]"
AllMusic,90,"That they can create such a heavy sound with just two people is nothing short of genius."
Los Angeles Times,77,"Closing In is a classic guitar-driven heavy metal record. It's a throwback to early 80s thrash, the era before speed often became a substitute for creative ideas."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"For devote metal heads, Early Man may represent a renaissance of the original, pure metal sound that started it all. For everyone else, Closing In will be received as a retro novelty rather than a serious musical accomplishment."
The Guardian,60,"Closing In is numbingly derivative, not just because it wears its influences like a bat in its mouth, but because there's nothing even remotely memorable or engaging about it."
The New York Times,60,"Closing In might be a fun listen, but considering the wealth of metal bands who continue to push the genre's boundaries further outward, it's odd that Matador would put so much attention on a band as blatantly retro as Early Man."
Dot Music,60,"Early Man pull off metal with a back-to-basics swagger--even if their relentless assault does get a bit samey by the end. [Nov 2005, p.111]"
Q Magazine,50,"Though these faux-naif hipsters genuinely worship the wizard of Ozzfest, they don't have the chops to do much about it. [Nov 2005, p.101]"
Blender,40,"Closing In consists of amateurish approximations of the music the duo wishes it were playing."

Pitchfork,80,"Less polish and more attitude are welcome changes that fire up the rock numbers and give them more snap. [8 Oct 2005]"
E! Online,75,"They're exploring a richer, more diverse sound. [28 Oct 2005, p.84]"
Spin,42,"All the Right Reasons doesn't so much pick up where 2003's The Long Road left off, but damn near replicates that album in whole."
Billboard,40,"Despite all their newly developed relative nuances, Nickelback remain unchanged: they're still unspeakably awful."
Rolling Stone,40,"All the Right Reasons is so depressing, you're almost glad Kurt's not around to hear it."
PopMatters,40,"Like the rock equivalent of an SUV, All The Right Reasons is huge, polished and ultimately pointless. [Dec 2005, p.155]"
Uncut,40,"Fans of relentless riffing may be sated, anyone else will be left feeling a little awkward. [Dec 2005, p.98]"
Alternative Press,10,"For hard-rock ridiculousness, Nickelback is tough to beat. [3 Oct 2005]"
Stylus Magazine,10,"Like all Nickelback releases before it, All The Right Reasons was made for all the wrong ones and follows all the formulas and clichs you should be bored to death of by now."

Alternative Press,80,"Ten Thousand Fists does start to sound the same after a while. But those bloody zombies aren't going to stop pouring though the doorway, so it's a good thing it has at least 12 burly alt-metal rockers."
musicOMH.com,80,"The best mainstream metal release since Judas Priest's Angel of Retribution."
Pitchfork,70,"The album isn't without its problemscome the halfway mark ('Sons of Plunder') vocalist David Draiman and his mates lapse into the expected, with a series of songs that are good but rarely as remarkable as those found in Act I."
Lost At Sea,63,"There's some infectious stuff here that's sure to get the fists up and pumping, but on the whole the cadence isn't varied enough to keep them there. [9 Oct 2005]"
AllMusic,60,"[The songs'] unrelenting wallop, growling guitars and mock-operatic choruses tend to blur together even as they're kicking your ass. [Oct 2005, p.137]"
PopMatters,40,"It is hard to hear much difference between each cut. [24 Sep 2005]"
Uncut,10,"You'll find nothing more despicable this year. [17 Sep 2005, p.58]"

Spin,75,"Their self-seriousness comes with a melodic tenderness that's rare in the genre. [12 Aug 2005, p.77]"
Prefix Magazine,60,"The real problem is sounding like Alice In Chains; afloat without a genre, the gang too often turn their emotional intelligence to making kinda dark, vaguely artistic middle metal. [Sep 2005, p.138]"
Billboard,60,"The mostly mid-tempo songs plod along, usually turning to a screeching lead guitar over chunky chording to differentiate the choruses."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"Chapter V is merely a carbon copy of, uh, chapters I-IV, simply rehashing the same punishing riffs and self-pitying lyrics."
E! Online,50,"The acoustic guitars have largely been set aside on Chapter V, leaving Staind to pummel away at its troubles and hoping that people still have time to listen to self-pitying grown men moan about their dysfunctional childhoods."
AllMusic,40,"It's when Staind crank down the sludge and slacken the tempos that things get heavy in a bad way. [11 Aug 2005, p.72]"
Rolling Stone,40,"Beyond a few faster songs ('Paper Jesus,' 'Falling'), the album gets lost in its own blandness. [13 Aug 2005]"
Q Magazine,40,"Overall there's just too much bland corporate sludge rock here to make any geniune lasting impression."
Mojo,30,"How can this dork-metal silliness still be going on in 2005?"
The New York Times,30,"More over-produced introspection. [6 Aug 2005, p.56]"

Tiny Mix Tapes,100,"'Mesmerize' is a frantic, frenetic brutal assault on the senses. It mashes up the most intense hardcore, the fiercest fire-starting punk rock with ridiculously complex riffing thats like amphetamine prog."
AllMusic,91,"You'll be left wondering why other bands aren't so daring."
Village Voice,91,"It's heavy and hooky. [20 May 2005, p.73]"
Amazon.com,90,"Mezmerize doesn't fail to be unique."
Los Angeles Times,90,"There is no other hard rock band around who can match the audacity, intensity, progressive nature, and accessibility of System of a Down, and with Mezmerize, they've simply topped themselves."
Blender,90,"Even if 'Hypnotize' is simply more of the same, with SOAD operating at such astonishing creative and emotional heights, it'll still leave every other metal band on the planet scrabbling in the dust."
Billboard,90,"Rarely are albums this thrillingly original. [Jul 2005, p.120]"
New Musical Express (NME),83,"Tankian remains the sort of agitprop trickster whom partisans on both side so fthe aisle are wise to distrust. [Jul 2005, p.101]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Confirms System Of A Down as one of the most innovative bands in modern rock. [Jun 2005, p.110]"
Blender,80,"If you want it to be, it's brilliant. It's also a record so ambitious, so angry, and so mad-as-a-goose that there are otherwise intelligent people who will hear it once and straight away deem it an interminable racket. [30 Apr 2005, p.61]"
AllMusic,80,"Perhaps they're settling into their identity... Fast and furious often, melodic often, powerful often, diverse always."
E! Online,80,"Mezmerize should be enough to keep A.D.D.-ers occupied for six months."
Amazon.com,74,"Mezmerize is on par with 2001s Toxicity as SOADs best offering to date."
Rolling Stone,71,"Mezmerize works as a synopsis of the most effective weapons in the bands arsenal."
Billboard,71,"Mezmerize's strongest moments are when the band drops the eccentricities and just rocks out."
musicOMH.com,70,"Who'd have thought you could describe a metal band as 'intriguing'?"
The Guardian,70,"At its reckless best, which is a lot, Mezmerize is thrilling confrontation, a graphic reflection of a nation tearing itself apart in anger, fear and guilt."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"While 'smarter than most metal' sounds like faint praise, it may be the best way to describe the faintly praiseworthy System Of A Down."
Playlouder,70,"Theres no filler here; theres barely space for a spare breath. But amidst the bombast, there are a few moments of clarity, and though fleeting, theyre certainly worth the wait."

E! Online,83,"Weaving crystallized melodies into their signature rage clusters, the metalheads dip a toe in clearer waters without losing any of the grime. [29 Apr 2005, p.147]"
Entertainment Weekly,50,"Ultimately Mudvayne gets lost between thrash and diluted Slipknot devotion."
AllMusic,40,"The album is, while not terrible, not very memorable, either."
PopMatters,40,"They remain spirit-crushingly average. [May 2005, p.114]"
Dot Music,40,"Syncopated sludge that will connect only with aging burnouts and the angriest of young 'uns."
Q Magazine,30,"Lost and Found is ultimately a pointless album, one that might have sold well six years ago, but comes across as drab and hopelessly pass today."

Spin,91,"This is called showing the kids how it's done--and doing it."
Uncut,80,"The bottom end booms like a cannon, the dual guitars masterfully shriek and Halford's screeches tingle the spine."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Holds up well next to Priest's strongest, most sustained recordings."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Crammed with pulse-racing panto-metal par excellence. [Apr 2005, p.97]"
Village Voice,60,"Angel of Retribution does indeed rock just hard enough to please longtime fans and convert a few new ones along the way."
ShakingThrough.net,60,"You can find kids playing harder and faster in the cut-out bins at Hot Topic, but if you're lookin' for trouble, you came to the right place. [Apr 2005, p.119]"
cokemachineglow,60,"It's a return to the band's classic sound, before they went all gooey on Turbo, and sounds like the album fans had originally hoped they would release in 1986, instead of the overproduced party rock record they ended up putting out. This is old school to the core."
Pitchfork,60,"A preposterous, highly-entertaining return. [Apr 2005, p.104]"
The Guardian,58,"The bummer is the derivative material, which sounds a bit Spinal-tapped out. [25 Mar 2005, p.73]"


Rolling Stone,80,"This is a determined little bastard of a record by a band in a bug-eyed, rhythmic sweat, who know its time to come out with their guns blazing."
The A.V. Club,75,"This is grade-A grade-B pop metal. [Oct 2004, p.120]"
Prefix Magazine,70,"The new songs are thrashing hard rock that always pays attention to melody."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Almost every song features a skull-rattling groove and one or two darkly melodic hooks. [16 Sep 2004, p.79]"
AllMusic,60,"His band remains unsubtly one-dimensional... but Shaddix funnels a newfound sensitivity into gashing, coarsely melodic emo-metal that aches as much as it breaks. [Oct 2004, p.126]"
Billboard,58,"Too many of the [tracks] here lack depth. [3 Sep 2004, p.77]"
Q Magazine,40,"With Getting Away With Murder, Papa Roach offer fans of this sound an appropriately hard punch in the face. But there's a hollow sound as the bones collapse, because all that's supporting it is expensive art direction and a big scaffold of clichs."
Rolling Stone,30,"It seems Shaddix still writes most of his songs in purple ink in diaries with little locks on. [28 Aug 2004, p.56]"

PopMatters,91,"[Scott's] aching redemption songs and seething revenge tirades give the album a sharp contemporary edge. [10 Sep 2004, p.165]"
Stylus Magazine,67,"All of this vitriol, however, tears away at the more palatable hooks found in past Saliva hits, which isn't necessarily a good thing."
Billboard,60,"The Memphis five-piece sometimes lacks a definitive sound... Yet the band excels at its straightforward, meat-and-potatoes sound."
Rolling Stone,50,"Panders to unimaginative industry and genre posturing."
Uncut,42,"This album would be better without Scott screaming about absolute nonsense. [Sep 2004, p.119]"
AllMusic,40,"Here, [Saliva] temper their mid-tempo crunch with '80s-metal guitar heroics and Southern-rock fundamentalism. [Sep 2004, p.141]"

Blender,80,"Kittie's most fully-realised and, for non-metalheads, approachable album yet."
PopMatters,70,"Has more melody and memorable riffs than the band's previous two albums."
Mojo,70,"While siblings Morgan and Mercedes Lander's songwriting has improved since 2001's Oracle, there's still an air of mediocrity to later tracks like 'Loveless' and 'Burning Bridges' that shows an adherence to formulaic modern metal clichs, and a lack of confidence on some of the vocal takes that makes some of the songs sound like demos."
Entertainment Weekly,67,"Makes like the spawn of Hole and Hatebreed. [Sep 2004, p.120]"
Lost At Sea,60,"They still have plenty of growl left in them. [Aug 2004, p.133]"
Village Voice,30,"Kittie are rubbish, with a permanent lyrical setting of 'Feel A Bit Miserable, Parents Don't Understand Me' and no original ideas whatsoever. [21 Aug 2004, p.49]"
AllMusic,30,"Tenaciously mindless and effortlessly grim."

Entertainment Weekly,80,"Leaning closer towards the fiercer end of the guitar spectrum, 'Mol' is a splurge of intense and angry songs, a reaction to the filthy Bush era."
Pitchfork,80,"With Mol, Jourgensen has mobilized the fatalism and fury that always rumbled through industrial and thrash music, and left everything else in the staging area."
Q Magazine,80,"One of the band's mightiest and most consistent records."
Rolling Stone,80,"It's as enlightened and as interesting as Ministry has been in years."
Drawer B,78,"Houses of the Mol is signed, sealed, and delivered so powerfully that one can overlook the fact that it's basically Psalm 69 or The Mind Is a Terrible Thing to Taste Part II."
Dot Music,70,"As nihilistic and hostile as ever."
Spin,40,"It's [an album] whose tricks... we've heard done before. [Aug 2004, p.115]"

The New York Times,91,"Their most extreme CD to date. [4 June 2004, p.80]"
Rolling Stone,80,"Theyve now released their best album and the best pop inflected metal album since System of a Down's Toxicity."
Blender,80,"At least two thirds of it is still comprised of head-spinning speed metal, but there are signs of genuine progression -- not to mention progressive rock -- from the off."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"While this album is hardly a sellout or a mellowing down, its shifting in direction, its differing textures make it far better than 'Iowa'."
AllMusic,80,"It's a satisfying, carefully crafted representation of their career to date."
New Musical Express (NME),75,"The monster-chomp guitars and semiauto percussion are still in effect, but somebody spilled a little Pantene in the Pantera. [Jul 2004, p.108]"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"A significant broadening of the tonal spectrum notwithstanding, the outfit manages to keep their ferocity intact, although the malevolence is structured with a shrewd infusion of melodic vocals, flourishing experimental dynamics and a motherlode of striking riffs."
E! Online,70,"A triumph. [Jul 2004, p.124]"
Billboard,60,"The basic Slipknot sound has improved. [#27, p.147]"
AllMusic,60,"[Slipknot] has married a little beauty to its beast, with schizophrenic results that are best summed up by the line 'The only thing I ever really loved was hate.'"
Spin,60,"OK, so its not Norah Jones dinner party territory and theres enough torturous mayhem to gratify their faithful maggots but theres equally a contrived nature underlying the habitual havoc."
Blender,20,"Plays out like a tepid, second-rate version of Iowa, which pretty much makes it a third-rate anything else. [Jul 2004, p.142]"

Stylus Magazine,95,"There is a clear passion and enthusiasm in Grohls instrumentals and a potency and power in the performance of every singer."
Billboard,90,"Probot is the full length dream of a teenage metalhead."
AllMusic,90,"Not only has Grohl released a fantastic album, he has done a wonderful job giving several aging metal vocalists another fifteen minutes of fame."
Spin,83,"Grohl wrote the riffs, and he hammers like a god, letting his hero singers write the lyrics and man the bellows. [Mar 2004, p.91]"
Blender,83,"Not for the weak (or for Foo fans, really), this is some heavy hard-core stuff that's supernaturally superb."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"As rewarding as it is unpredictable."
Village Voice,80,"Unlike similar records... this has a unity of aesthetic purpose, a competitive wallop, even (kind of) a seriousness. [Mar 2004, p.127]"
Playlouder,80,"This album is proof that his talent extends far beyond grunge and pop-rock and that he can write and play songs in just about any style."
AllMusic,70,"The year's first great metal album. [19 Feb 2004, p.67]"
PopMatters,70,"Most of which 'works', all of which comes thick with a sense of joy and love for the denim and leather. [Mar 2004, p.106]"
Splendid,70,"It's a righteous and wholly legitimate throwback to old-school metal's power and fury."
Austin Chronicle,70,"The set is best taken as a hardcore thrash scrapbook that immortalizes how Grohl spent some of his downtime from Foo Fighters: It has captured the memory and fierce emotion instead of being concerned with structure."
Billboard,70,"A full-blooded, affectionate and occasionally very funny album."
Q Magazine,70,"The most disappointing aspect of Probot is that many of the songs sound more like Foo Fighters turned to eleven than actual metal."
Entertainment Weekly,68,"Musically, this is as solid a hard-rock offering as fans of Motorhead and obscure Swedish crunch fans could ask for. Lyrically, however, Probot is a different story."
Stylus Magazine,67,"Hard and heavy, Probot is a first-rate recreation of the soundtrack of Grohl's bong-inhaling youth in all its unrelenting, doomy, gloomy glory. [20 Feb 2004, p.63]"
New Musical Express (NME),67,"From the opening rally cry of Venom's Cronos ('Centuries of Sin') to the eerie creep of King Diamond's closing 'Sweet Dreams,' Probot pulls itself up by its pewter bootstraps and shatters glass with undefeatable vocals."
Playlouder,60,"For better or for worse, Grohl replicates each band's musical style with remarkable accuracy. [Mar 2004, p.98]"
AllMusic,60,"Isn't for the meek. [Mar 2004, p.110]"
Spin,60,"His drumming is brilliant, as always, but the melodies leave the singers little to work with, and his guitar riffs sound weak and sludgy, often mired in tuned-down, nu-metal muck."
Logo,30,"There is some entertainment value in Probot. The manufactured praise accompanying Grohl, supplied by a corps of pro fuglemen who lead and escort the illustrious on his vanity venture, is grand."

Q Magazine,90,"Far more interesting than any of their other records, or their peers'."
Blender,88,"'Crow' is a striking redefinition, an album that roars and twitches with the raw, aggressive, fury of urgent rock activism."
Rolling Stone,70,"The band still indulges in plenty of effects-happy instrumental gymnastics and tricky rhythms, but A Crow Left of the Murder . . . is also its most consistently tune-based album."
Dot Music,70,"An ambitious and surprisingly accomplished album. [May 2004, p.104]"
Alternative Press,60,"Theres conceivably a great record still lurking inside this band but youre going to have to wait just a bit longer to hear it."
Stylus Magazine,60,"Explores Incubus' inner jam band. [Feb 2004, p.94]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"His bandmates... elevate Boyd's self-indulgent nonsense with rich noodling and searing flashes of metal. [Mar 2004, p.120]"
Splendid,58,"Suddenly, these longtime collaborators seem like a mismatch worthy of Blind Date. [Mar 2004, p.95]"
Spin,50,"Too much of the disc is filtered through clinical and slightly jazzy rock that renders it a tiny noise about nothing."
E! Online,42,"Tuneless, torturously knotty prog-metal. [13 Feb 2004, p.72]"
AllMusic,40,"Theres little in the way of straightforward rock here[;] instead they have opted to renege on their commitment to flat-four crunch and embrace melodicism...and experimentalism."

Blender,90,"This is one of the breeziest, catchiest discs I've heard in a while."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Lostprophets have, against the odds, carved something genuinely fresh."
Rolling Stone,80,"Playing to their strengths at last, they've taken the lustre of their energetic live shows and injected into their second record with an enthusiasm that shines out of every song."
Mojo,80,"Lostprophets inhabit that old-fashioned place where the young are alright and must overcome the cynicism of the jaded oldster at all costs. [Feb 2004, p.104]"
The A.V. Club,75,"Only the occasional lapse into Linkin Park-style self-indulgence drags them down. [6 Feb 2004, p.140]"
Billboard,70,"Like their debut, 'Start Something' is ultimately too long but where it occasionally flags the pace is soon picked up again."
Dot Music,70,"Modern without being self-conscious, metal without being stupid. [Mar 2004, p.106]"
Pitchfork,68,"The sound of a band throwing itself relentlessly at the limitations of its genre."
ShakingThrough.net,67,"[Lostprophets] mine the acts of groups like Faith No More and Incubus to put a more palatable edge on the sluggish nu-metal genre."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Singer Ian Watkins has Mike Patton's croon/scream down cold, and his group deftly applies FNM's anything-goes approach: equal parts thrash riffs, symphonic keyboards and moody jazz intervals."
Austin Chronicle,60,"While the record lacks any of [Queens of the Stone Age's] belligerent twisted rock weirdness they have definitely pumped up the Good Charlotte-style teen anthem choruses."
Alternative Press,50,"This is a perplexing album: two excellent singles, a few stellar moments of vicious riffage, but little to assuage that lingering sense of emptiness."
Q Magazine,40,"On the whole, Lostprophets seem a bit lost on this average at best offering."

PopMatters,80,"In essence, its an improvisational nightmare that leaves you feeling extremely uncomfortable for an entire hour, while concurrently having you wish you could lie down to listen."
Village Voice,80,"[Delirium] is hardly the kind of record that will be everyones bag, but there is so much variety and so much imagination packed into it that we find ourselves recommending it despite ourselves."
AllMusic,80,"Impressively pretentious, and brilliantly executed. [Dec 2003, p.126]"
Los Angeles Times,80,"Makes Alice Cooper's Welcome to My Nightmare sound like Cats in comparison."
Rolling Stone,80,"Where Director's Cut was a variation of different '70s film themes, Delirium Cordia is a score to Patton's own horror imagination."
Q Magazine,80,"I dont see it as a release you can draw much from through repeated listening, but its a brave and powerful trip nonetheless."
Dot Music,70,"Aside from [a] 20-minute stretch, though, Delrium Crdia holds up just fine as a suitably unwieldy, adventurous, patched-together series of instrumental bridges with no chorus to reach."
Mojo,60,"On one hand, it's maddening, especially when the band lapses into twenty-two minutes of near silence. But Cordia demands repeated listens, if only to hear the freakish wonder that is Mike Patton's voice."
Blender,59,"So while Delrivm Corda is filled with great blocks of sound, it too often loses sight of direction."
Spin,30,"Patton's latest fantasy-headache is a one-song, 55-minute conceptual misfire that careens from acid-casualty chamber music to high-velocity cartoon metal. [Feb 2004, p.82]"
E! Online,20,"Wretched. [Dec 2003, p.124]"

Entertainment Weekly,80,"Because of the emphasis on brevity and variety (and especially quality), the album's over before you know it and you're left feeling hungry for more Korn."
Logo,70,"Korn have circled the wagons and self-produced their best album to date, refining the formula to a black-cancer marmalade of corrosive riffs, fist-flying rhythms, gothic-carnival atmospheres and toxic vocals."
Splendid,60,"All fine in principle, except we've heard it all a million times before."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"Korn are ultra-confident, forgoing the blandishments of heavy-rock virtuoso conceptualist Michael Beinhorn, who produced their last album. [Mar 2004, p.121]"
Drowned In Sound,40,"Unconvincing and safe. [Feb 2004, p.102]"
Q Magazine,40,"A brutal barrage of staccato beats, club-footed riffs and panzer-division stomps."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"[Korn] sound both out of focus and curiously out of date. [Feb 2004, p.95]"
Dot Music,30,"Take A Look In The Mirror doesnt just sound like a bad album, it sounds like a broken record."
Mojo,25,"Korn remain technically proficient, but Take A Look In The Mirror serves only to make the case that the genre has officially screamed itself into caricature. [12 Dec 2003, p.77]"

ShakingThrough.net,75,"Payable on Death's heaviest tracks... easily outcrunch the competition. [Dec 2003, p.124]"
E! Online,70,"P.O.D. have evolved into one of the more inventive bands among metal's dimwitted hierarchy. [Dec 2003, p.112]"
Rolling Stone,60,"More quintessentially 'metal' in his approach -- think Metallica -- and more of a conscientious technician than Marcos, Truby unfortunately lacks some of the unexpected spark that Marcos brought to P.O.D."
Playlouder,50,"On track after formulaic track, perfunctory verses rush into roaring refrains of compressed guitar arrgh and charmless didacticism. [7 Nov 2003, p.70]"
Logo,40,"At excessive volume, Payable On Death sounds like a state-of-the-art metal album, but there's a painful dearth of decent ideas. [Jan 2004, p.118]"
PopMatters,40,"Ultimately, the inspirational message... gets lost in uninspired rhymes."
Tiny Mix Tapes,30,"Skimps on warmth and even grit except on a few blood-curdling screams--when, blessedly, you don't have to hear their words. [Nov 2003, p.119]"

Playlouder,90,"These days music fans will be hard-pressed to find an album so satisfying."
Uncut,83,"A high-voltage treat. [22/29 Aug 2003, p.133]"
PopMatters,80,"They now have more in common with Jane's Addiction and the Red Hot Chili Peppers than they do their former mentors Papa Roach."
AllMusic,75,"When they crank out catchy ditties on harmony-heavy cuts like 'Drifting Apart,' AAF sound like a bunch of old pros--old pros who are still having a blast."
Stylus Magazine,70,"Their brand of ant music has matured and expanded noticeably since ANThology. [Sep 2003, p.98]"
The A.V. Club,67,"The album feels unfocused, and this time, Alien Ant Farm don't have a novelty hit up their sleeve. [Sep 2003, p.111]"
Rolling Stone,50,"Blending careful harmonies with insidious melodies and woeful lyrics with clever vocals, AAF stick a couple of Hispanic influences and some string quartets in as well."
Pitchfork,50,"Sadly, AAF don't seem to have come away from their near-death experience with any sense of their own limitations or their own transience. Instead the band simply exists within these limitations."
Alternative Press,40,"Alien Ant Farm's songs may be catchy, but their wishy-washy personality makes it hard to care. [Sep 2003, p.118]"
Q Magazine,20,"Sounds like a teenage Faith No More at their first practice. [Sep 2003, p.116]"

AllMusic,91,"This is the album Metallica lifers have been waiting for: an inspired return to the complex savagery of old. [Jul 2003, p.109]"
Rolling Stone,90,"The true masters have finally awakened from their slumber."
Dot Music,83,"''St. Anger'' is arguably the season's finest metal offering -- and the band's best since 1991's ''Metallica.''"
Blender,83,"While St. Anger doesn't go back to the speedy, epic-crafting days of yesteryear, it's all balls: bad-ass rock and blistering, visceral lyrics."
Q Magazine,80,"This is miffed and exemplary metal. [Jul 2003, p.108]"
The Guardian,80,"Against all odds, St. Anger constitutes the cutting edge of commercial yet aggressive heavy rock in 2003. [Aug 2003, p.106]"
Mojo,80,"St. Anger looks inward with a hard eye, and while it finds some grinning demons in that pit, it also unearths some of the sickest grooves of Metallica's 20+ year lifespan."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Overall, this is the grimiest and grimmest of the band's Bob Rock productions. [#17, p.145]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"This is loud, expansive, unrepentant Metallica."
Spin,80,"Utterly raw and rocking."
Mojo,70,"A ragged, cacophonous, raging beast of an album, it's not the most perfect album Metallica has ever produced, and it's a very bumpy ride for listeners, but the album's handful of high points are thrilling to hear."
AllMusic,70,"This is the sound of Metallica drawing back into themselves and their history."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"They've never sounded this heavy or this pissed off. [Jul 2003, p.106]"
Q Magazine,60,"The production on St. Anger is abysmal."
Rolling Stone,60,"While theres no denying that Metallica have produced a huge  and welcome  blast from the past, it also represents a monolithic slab of noise that stretched over 11 songs and 75 minutes is just too dense and daunting to be truly enjoyable."
Blender,34,"The guitars stumble in a monotone of mid-level, processed rattle; the drums don't propel as much as struggle to disguise an all-too-turgid pace; and the rage is both unfocused and leavened with too much narcissistic navel-gazing."
AllMusic,20,"Songs like 'Frantic,' 'Dirty Window,' and even the balladesque 'Sweet Amber' stop and start, cut to pieces by groove-robbing edits that replace the guitar harmonies on which Metallica built an industry."
Entertainment Weekly,20,"St. Anger suffers mightily for its thin, washed-out sound.... A messy, unsatisfying misfire."
Dot Music,20,"The guitars are processed into high-tech oblivion, and every song is eight minutes long when it should be five. [Aug 2003, p.100]"
E! Online,8,"What an utter mess."

Q Magazine,75,"Like a crisp Xerox of the band's multiplatinum Break the Cycle, with everything sounding bigger, brighter and tighter."
Spin,60,"Those who connect with Staind will likely find this more consistently satisfying than Break the Cycle."
Drowned In Sound,60,"14 Shades is nominally heavier than the group's two previous albums, though the band tempers its harsher instincts to let Lewis ruminate unmolested. [Aug 2003, p.132]"
PopMatters,50,"The tedious MOR power ballads can't seem to get out of low gear. [13 Jun 2003, p. 96]"
Blender,40,"At times this album seems interminable. [Aug 2003, p.116]"
Alternative Press,40,"Not memorable enough to be bad, not heavy enough to pack visceral power, most of these songseven radio-friendly ringers like 'So Far Away'are indistinguishable from the work of a hundred other bands with misspelled names, hotshot producers, plentiful tattoos, and optional silly facial hair."
Spin,40,"Part of the problem is the thoroughly unimaginative production, a procession of soft-loud modern-rock cliches that breaks up the ho-hum guitar bashing with acoustic interludes and strings."
New Musical Express (NME),30,"Another dollop of rock sludge with a remarkably honest title. [Aug 2003, p.115]"
Entertainment Weekly,20,"'14 Shades of Grey' features no standout moments or highlights, just a formulaic, plodding, sixty plus moribund minutes that make this album about an hour too long. Avoid at all costs, even if you're a member of Staind's family."
E! Online,20,"Since when is pairing Jewel's poetry outtakes with modern-rock riffs groundbreaking? [Aug 2003, p.102]"

Mojo,90,"In a genre considered creatively bankrupt, this is genuinely new metal. [Jul 2003, p.102]"
Uncut,80,"A modern, commercially-viable, carefully crafted rock record that also sounds violent, deranged and desperately, incurably sad all at the same time."
AllMusic,80,"It is an important leap forward for one of the few American metal bands left who care about the form's emotional evolution."
Blender,80,"Just when new metal seemed utterly played out, Deftones blows open the possibilities."
Rolling Stone,75,"This is as catchy as heavy gets. [23 May 2003, p.73]"
New York Magazine (Vulture),75,"This is less an 11-song album than a single long-form mope. [Jul 2003, p.105]"
PopMatters,75,"Even if it all sounds pretty much the same as their last few, you'd be unwise to turn a deaf ear to this release."
Dot Music,70,"The record as a whole is less rewarding than its predecessor, though its peaks rival any in the genre."
Q Magazine,60,"Deftones sticks a little too close to familiar territory this time around."
CultureDose.net,60,"After four very similar albums, they seem to be in danger of painting themselves into a corner. [Jun 2003, p.93]"
Playlouder,60,"Its densest aural jungle so far. [#17, p.136]"
ShakingThrough.net,50,"It sounds like a dog howling over a Sepultura record. No, worse. It sounds like Fred Durst."

Village Voice,80,"Mixes arena rock in the vein of an Alice in Chains with the aggression of Pantera."
The A.V. Club,80,"Unflinchingly heavy, this midtempo metal won't disappoint believers. [June 2003, p.101]"
Alternative Press,75,"Rages and riffs with epic drama."
Pitchfork,50,"Faceless... grooves more fluidly than Awake, but the band still hasn't managed to locate the pop hooks that made their debut a success."
E! Online,42,"Mostly it's the same staccato riffing, constipated vocals, and generic, rage-against-the-kidney-stone angst. [11 Apr 2003, p.78]"
AllMusic,40,"Faceless is exactly that. [May 2003, p.120]"
Blender,40,"Whatever novelty their sound once had has long since worn off, and the foreboding poetry and constipated howl of Wiccan singer Sully Erna are almost laughable."
Entertainment Weekly,20,"At least Nickelback know how to write a tune. [Jul 2003, p.104]"

Uncut,91,"Through it all, the guys stay just as tight (translation: radio-ready) as ever, offering up tracks in near-perfect three-minute doses."
The A.V. Club,83,"A thunderously hooky album that seamlessly blends the group's disparate sonic elements into radio-friendly perfection."
Rolling Stone,80,"Isn't so much a revelation as it is a ready-made crowd pleaser that delivers on the familiar."
Q Magazine,80,"Miraculously, given the similarity of the design, 'Meteora' avoids being a stagnant retread of 'Hybrid Theory'."
Dot Music,70,"While being as well-crafted, catchy and dynamic as the first one, it leaves you feeling distinctly underwhelmed, as if the band had simply reprogrammed the Pro-Tools machine that they'd made the first album on and changed the lyrics and speed of the songs a bit."
Alternative Press,70,"The band manages to squeeze the last remaining life out of this nearly extinct formula with volatile performances and meticulous editing."
Q Magazine,60,"The similarity of Meteroa to Hybrid Theory does not only raise the question of where do they go from here, but whether there is a place for them to go at all."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Harder, denser, uglier. [#15, p.128]"
Dot Music,60,"Meteora is less an artistic endeavour than an exercise in target marketing. [May 2003, p.104]"
Rolling Stone,50,"Coming from a group whose debut offered a glimmer of hope for the expansion of the genre's boundaries, such creative laziness is all the more disappointing."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Sadly, nothing on Meteora comes close to the piano-laced pathos of previous hit 'In The End.' [Jun 2003, p.110]"
Spin,40,"Many of the choruses are great, but by about track eight you begin to realise this isn't about songs, this is about mathematics, and if you've actually paid for the album with your own money, you've been well and truly had."
E! Online,40,"Mercifully brief but mercilessly repetitive, Meteora is little more than a tolerable rehash of a formula that's been on the wrong side of its sell-by date for some time now."

The A.V. Club,100,"The focus may be tighter and the refinement may be a little more obvious, but such things don't hold the band back on Antenna; rather they further the progress that has been showing itself with every Cave In release."
AllMusic,100,"This should be in everyone's stereo this spring, as it may go down in the history books as the Pet Sounds for the aggressive-rock world. [Apr 2003, p.82]"
Alternative Press,90,"Like both Radiohead and Foo Fighters, Cave In is a stylistic chameleon that rarely uses its freewheeling taste as a crutch to present self-indulgent material."
Blender,90,"The songs may pay excessive homage in spirit, but their composition and divergent tones are wholly original."
Playlouder,83,"It sounds as if a bunch of no-bullshit straight-edgers have been cooped up in an underground drug den for a week with only Pink Floyd records for company, and then released blinking into the daylight and shuttled immediately into the recording studio."
Amazon.com,80,"When you cover this sort of expansive, experimental territory, you're inevitably flirting with pomposity. But like Tool or Radiohead, Cave-In's progressiveness is hypnotic rather than alienating, played out with a sense of near-religious awe that's difficult to deny."
Alternative Press,80,"A truly remarkable progression, and a great album to boot--Antenna is the work of a band that's constantly moving forward."
E! Online,80,"The most successful synthesis of their prog-tinged ambitions so far. [Apr 2003, p.102]"
AllMusic,70,"Their most accessible, and arguably best, long-player yet. [Apr 2003, p.112]"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"The songs transform emo's search for truth and its vivid angst into great drama. [#15, p.122]"
Blender,70,"There's plenty of pretense in the long-winded tone poems... But they also know how to deliver a concise pop song."
Rolling Stone,70,"Antenna compresses the formula further, fetching up crisp, anthemic crunch-rock several notches above the inexplicably popular likes of Bush or Papa Roach. [May 2003, p.96]"
Q Magazine,61,"In short, if your favorite bands aren't played between Audioslave and Foo Fighters on modern rock radio, Cave In probably isn't one of them."
E! Online,40,"The group has abruptly cashed in a good deal of its personality for an unflattering, generic modern-rock sound."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Antenna is lacking in every sonic department they previously thrived upon and sounds exactly what fans of old feared: immaculate, sterile guitar production; rigid, radio-ready song structures; and an end to the dynamic, cosmos-exploring sound that elevated Jupiter to a stunning success."

Billboard,100,"The quintet's Molotov mixture of suburb surrealism and sonic extremity is the perfect scrub for everything you've been subjected to in culture and daily life. [Apr 2003, p.73]"
Dot Music,100,"The most prolific, beautiful, and vital statement of rock since the Stooges' Raw Power."
New Musical Express (NME),94,"Burn, Piano Island, Burn is an album that must first be listened to twice: once to wrap your head around its peerless vigor and skull-rattling force, and again to revel in its restless creativity."
Rolling Stone,91,"They sound like they're too busy tearing their limbs off and hitting one another over the head with them to think about what the songs actually mean. [Apr 2003, p.102]"
AllMusic,91,"Burn, Piano Island, Burn balances so perfectly between commercial appeal and untainted creativity that it's as if the band have been digitally inserted atop a mountain no man could conceivably climb."
Blender,80,"There are no punk-lite hits here, but cult stardom is knocking at the door. [Mar 2003, p.112]"
Q Magazine,80,"I have to admit that this release usually manages to give me a little boost when I listen to it and it has the added bonus of scaring little kids."
ShakingThrough.net,80,"Whether you end up liking this album or not, it is going to be one of the most intense things you've ever heard."
Uncut,80,"It's the band's most vital disc to date, and one of the year's most memorable listening experiences."
Playlouder,75,"The Blood Brothers' take on hardcore incorporates all the shouty vocals, savage guitar riffing, and hyperspeed drumming you could ask for, but throws in two--sometimes counterproductive--vocalists, and loopy lyrics that aim for surrealist poetry and usually miss, badly. [11 Apr 2003, p.78]"
The A.V. Club,70,"The album's clever turns don't take away from The Blood Brothers as a ravaging hardcore band; instead, they enlist chops in service of a manic vision all the more insinuating for its brutality."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"In one instant, lead singer Jordan Blilie is whispering passionately in your ear. In the next, he tears into your insides with growls so piercing you'd think he'd transformed into a savage beast."
Alternative Press,60,"Kids looking to anger their parents to the point of losing it should pick up this CD, turn up the stereo, and lock the door."
AllMusic,60,"It all seems spazzy, but it's actually meticulous and crisply rendered: order through chaos."
Splendid,60,"Less cohesively engaging than March on Electric Children, Burn, Piano Island, Burn is, by turns, spasmodically inviting and gratingly repulsive to all but the most patient of noisemongers."
Stylus Magazine,50,"The Blood Brothers pretty much have one speed: murder. This will tire even the most patient ears after about fifteen minutes, although, the album does show signs of expanded musical breadth with slower, albeit, brief melodic interludes and unconventional instrumentation (xylophones, toy pianos)."

New Musical Express (NME),80,"In a world gone mad, it's nice to know that some things--like Ministry's ability to tear up the floorboards with crushing efficiency--never change."
Amazon.com,80,"One of their catchiest, most rewarding listening experiences to date."
Q Magazine,80,"Packs enough bite to nourish a Third World country. [Mar 2003, p.96]"
Mojo,80,"This is the throat-clutching Ministry that longtime fans have been waiting for: a grand mix of industrial rock and murder metal."
Blender,75,"The sustained ferocity on display here is admirable. [7 Mar 2003, p.72]"
Rolling Stone,70,"Songs such as 'Unsung' showcase a reapplied talent for twisting archetypal metal riffs into new shapes."
Uncut,60,"At several points... the duo belatedly attempts to revivie its peak period formula, but... it's as old-fashioned as a Lollapalooza 1992 T-shirt. Fortunately, Jourgenson and Barker's new ideas are better. [#14, p.140]"
Pitchfork,60,"Still dour and humorless, but pruned of its experimental tendencies, Ministry delivered its first solid record in a decade."
Billboard,30,"Effort isn't lacking, but inspiration is."

PopMatters,90,"This could be one of the most important records of the year."
Alternative Press,90,"The tracks on Steal come off as much more assured and comfortable than those on Toxicity. [Jan 2003, p.81]"
PopMatters,83,"Many of ''Album's'' tunes work as vibrant stand-alone compositions, which not only makes this an impressive disc but also makes ''Toxicity'' seem all the more masterful: Even the rejects sound pretty damn great."
Stylus Magazine,83,"As leftovers go, this Album is refreshingly tasty."
Spin,80,"Steal This Album is still not the perfect SOAD album, but it's by far their most realized yet."
Pitchfork,80,"System's repeated willingness to make so much noise in the service of getting nowhere reveals an enduring idealism. [Feb 2003, p.96]"
Mojo,70,"A relevant addition to System's catalog."
Almost Cool,70,"Whatever it lacks in cohesive identity it more than makes up for in chaotic invention. [Feb 2003, p.107]"
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"The singer's curious persona is mirrored by the musical pyrotechnics, Queen meets Rage Against The Machine in a metal production of Godspell!, an inventiveness and fury that makes their MTV contemporaries look as dynamic as lard models of Linkin Park."
ShakingThrough.net,70,"It only further proves how good a band this is, and despite a few tepid moments, it hints at even more greatness on the horizon."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Few bands are better equipped to release an odds-and-sods record such as Steal This Album!, because SOAD songs already seem like bits and pieces of different songs welded and held together through sheer force of will."
The A.V. Club,50,"What's most impressive is that music of this caliber got left off their albums. [#13, p.100]"

Neumu.net,80,"Frontman David Draiman shows that he is an ample singer, refraining from the quirky vocal squallings that graced Sickness for a more straight-ahead croon."
AllMusic,80,"Comes with the same muscular, confrontational power that made The Sickness so infectiously exciting, but twists things just enough to make the second time sounds as fresh as the first."
Rolling Stone,80,"On Believe, Disturbed takes the sort of jump that their heroes in Soundgarden and Pantera made after their respective breakthrough records."
Splendid,80,"One of the best hard rock albums of 2002."
Drawer B,67,"The problem is that singer David Draiman is more from the Chester Bennington school of overemoting than the James Hetfield college of thoughtful growls."
Amazon.com,60,"It improves on the debut, slightly. [#10, p.114]"
Ink 19,60,"At last, new metal has its answer to Depeche Mode's Black Celebration."
Alternative Press,40,"Their shift towards a more traditional heavy metal aesthetic seems more a natural progression than an act of desperation. [Nov 2002, p.100]"
Billboard,40,"Believe sounds so dry and crisp it could have been recorded on a Dell laptop. [Oct 2002, p.113]"

Entertainment Weekly,100,"The year's best hard-rock album. [6 Sep 2002, p.86]"
Rolling Stone,100,"This is one of the most accomplished, powerful, and entertaining hard rock albums ever made."
Blender,100,"[A] breathtaking, virtually flawless album. [Sep 2002, p.104]"
AllMusic,100,"Say hello to your new metal gods."
Austin Chronicle,93,"Queens Of The Stone Age are the greatest heavy rock band on the face of the planet and soon everyone will know it."
Playlouder,90,"'The Sky Is Fallin' is a beast.... 'God Is In The Radio' has got just such an awesome riff, like the Lord himself hotwired to a Marshall amp."
Alternative Press,90,"The bottom line is that QOTSA turns in another genre-demolishing, hard-as-titanium album in Songs for the Deaf. This is not your father's metal. It's better."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"Whether or not Songs for the Deaf manages to break through to the ever-fickle TRL crowd remains to be seen; those people with the patience to sit through this remarkable album a few times, though, will know the score."
E! Online,90,"The playing is imaginative, the ideas vibrant and shimmering and the band's considerable melodic gifts sabotaged by either willfully obtuse compositional tricks or outright punk bratiness. [#55, p.84]"
Ink 19,90,"An album that, for all of its flaws, is still easily one of the best rock records of 2002."
Spin,90,"Their world - sexual, drug-filled, and occasionally paranoid - has become progressively darker, and as such we find them nothing less than guardians of the rock flame."
Billboard,90,"Musically and vocally, the band sounds tighter and more accomplished than ever."
Q Magazine,90,"One of the heaviest rock albums since Seattle's heyday."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"While cliches abound... this huge music is delivered with panache. [#9, p.154]"
PopMatters,80,"'Songs For The Deaf' is a triumph, a record forged with fire and sweat in the pits of Valhalla... It is the very essence of Rock."
Rolling Stone,80,"All the elements which made its predecessor so great are here, but in excelsis, and occasionally excess. [Sep 2002, p.95]"
Blender,80,"Mixes melancholy and might to a rare degree. [Sep 2002, p.104]"
Billboard,80,"All in all, this album has everything any hard rock fan would enjoy."
CDNow,79,"When these guys are on, it truly is the wrath of the righteous. However, Songs for the Deaf vacillates constantly between soaring heights and mind-numbing lows, making for a true hit-or-miss affair."
AllMusic,78,"The real feel good 'hit' of the summer."
CultureDose.net,70,"A balls-out, hateful, heavy, and catchy piece of work that rocks like it was 1994 all over again."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Whether the ace metal is speedy or onerous (or both, as in the case of 'Six Shooter,' with its shrieking insanity), it is always deployed in the service of the eccentric song structures, and every track becomes a splendid, mysterious thing."
Blender,60,"[The opening] quartet of tunes blows the band's wad, leaving the rest of the album scattered with only moderately cool mid- tempo metal, all of it delivered with gusto but not enough serious hooks to make anything stand out."

Rolling Stone,80,"A freakazoid musical pastiche. [Oct 2002, p.83]"
Q Magazine,70,"Ultimately, the set is a little schizo, but it channels enough rap-rock frisson to make it more than just a between-albums snack. [Sep 2002, p.128]"
Spin,70,"As on Hybrid Theory, there's a definite formula at work in all 19 songs, but it's flawless and effective."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Reanimation's cross-pollination of high-level lyricism, trunk-rattling beats, heavy-metal riffs, and hard-core vocals makes for a rousing listening experience. [Sep 2002, p.244]"
Launch.com,67,"On the one hand, the results are more varied than the monochromatic ''Hybrid Theory.'' On the other hand, the remixes at times obliterate one of the band's most distinctive characteristics -- the vocal interplay between singer Chester Bennington and MC Mike Shinoda, a blend that allows their pop tendencies to poke through from time to time."
Uncut,60,"The music isn't exactly groundbreaking, and none of the remixes improve on the Hybrid Theory originals, but the boyish energy of Reanimation has its own appeal, and it's not too far emotionally from the tried-so-hard spirit of 'In the End.'"
E! Online,60,"The remixes are extremely liberal, cutting and pasting with little regard for the originals in question."
Stylus Magazine,60,"When it works, the results are astounding."
Dot Music,60,"Linkin gain from their hip-hop daring, and the dance domos get to wedge a foot in the crossover door. [#9, p.151]"
Splendid,60,"Why didn't they travel this far out of the box initially?"
PopMatters,60,"Some of this works quite well, some of it is kind of juvenile, much of it is only slightly recognizable from the original, it's too long and compared to contemporary arty rock, it really isn't that arty."
Magnet,40,"Almost every track here pales in comparison to the original version. [Sep 2002, p.109]"
AllMusic,30,"The dominant sound is of flickering sequencers and heavy-handed synth-pomp which showcases Linkin Park's keen interest in the work of Depeche Mode, but also often leaves them sounding about as cutting-edge and dangerous as Jesus Jones."
New Musical Express (NME),25,"Chester Bennington's anguished man-child howling is largely left on the shelf, as are the thrusting hooks that were Linkin Park's big draw."

The A.V. Club,67,"The newly user-friendly music means someone other than 12-year-old boys might actually listen to them. [29 Nov 2002, p.106]"
New York Magazine (Vulture),65,"While the group attacks things with great velocity and singer Chud shreds his larynx at regular intervals, the always difficult follow-up album features actual melodies and mature textures that make the band's eventual transformation into a progressive rock band nearly inevitable."
Blender,60,"The musicians still churn out standard-issue heavy metal thrash  la Metallica to support Chd's nihilistic pronouncements, usually sung in an enraged howl."
Playlouder,40,"The End is rather ordinary--severe, belligerent riffs and vocals that sound as though singer Chud gargles molten lava. [#12, p.148]"
Mojo,40,"Enjoy the band's extraterrestrial makeover; it's far more amusing than the music."
Q Magazine,30,"No. [Jan 2003, p.99]"

Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Oracle sees Kittie moving from novelty status to bone-crushing legitimacy. [Jan 2002, p.86]"
Pitchfork,70,"A much more brutal and vicious record than its predecessor."
Austin Chronicle,70,"Kittie still spew the alternately golden-throated and throat-shredding thrash of their 2000 debut, Spit. [Dec 2001, p.154]"
Dusted Magazine,60,"This is an average album by a promising band who needs to find a distinct identity."
Rolling Stone,50,"Kittie sound like they want to pursue harder extremes but can't decide whether to snicker or snarl, to play doomsayer or dominatrix."
Trouser Press,40,"There's nothing here that you couldn't hear blaring out of a thousand suburban garages on any Saturday night. [#4, p.118]"
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Such one-dimensional plodders as Mouthful Of Poison and Pain are as uninspired as their titles. [#184, p.139]"
Launch.com,30,"Too often, the follow-up to their 600,000-selling debut 'Spit', is plain overbearing, a violent marriage of melody and brutality that makes for a highly uneasy listen."

AllMusic,80,"Even at their most acerbic or delicately downplayed extremes, Incubus are compelling. [#184, p.137]"
Blender,75,"Their movement toward non-nooky maturity continues here with tunes like the melodic and soaring 'Wish You Were Here' and the dramatic 'Warning'--each showing a more reflective and poetic side than before."
Rolling Stone,75,"At times, these musical meanderings verge on self-indulgence and callowness."
Spin,70,"The group has begun to grow up a bit."
Alternative Press,60,"Inevitably, all the shifts in tempo, mood and lyrical slant ultimately hurt Morning View more than they help."
Playlouder,60,"It's not quite as thrillingly risky as the Deftones' White Pony, but it deserves the collegiate adulation it will likely receive. [Oct/Nov 2001, p.107]"
Spin,60,"There is very little here that makes any sort of meaningful connection. [Dec 2001, p.85]"
AllMusic,58,"Mediocre pop songs with pretensions."
Rolling Stone,50,"The coolest thing about Incubus is the way they come front-and-center with their inner little girl."
Blender,40,"Morning View's insurmountable flaw is that Incubus sell themselves as an Intelligent and Sensitive rock band, without actually appearing especially intelligent or sensitive."

Q Magazine,90,"The most powerful, viscerally brutal album the quartet have released to date. [Sep 2001, p.100]"
New Musical Express (NME),88,"Slayer remains an elemental metal band, continuing to surge on something high-grade and uncut."
Q Magazine,83,"They're still racing through their riffs with the velocity of a NASCAR winner. [21 Sep 2001, p.84]"
E! Online,80,"Slayer return to the knuckle-busting fury of their demonic 1986 speed metal classic, Reign in Blood, while still somehow managing to spike their sonic mayhem with some catchy riffing and the odd melodic vocal line."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"'God Hates Us All' signals a return to the marked aggression of their earlier selves.... The only thing that inhibits this album is its one-dimensional pace, as one too many tracks features grinding verse leading into charging chorus, repeat to fade."
CDNow,80,"Sounds like a tighter, more focused version of past glories."
Sonicnet,80,"Don't worry--eight albums into their reign, Slayer still sound like Slayer. [Sep 2001, p.158]"
Blender,80,"As feral and ferocious an album as they've made in years. [Oct 2001, p.130]"
Alternative Press,70,"God Hates Us All is Slayer's most brutal record since 1986's immortal (or undead) Reign in Blood."
Village Voice (Consumer Guide),70,"Slayer do what they do with impassioned authority, which is what makes an album full of vileness so compelling."
Rolling Stone,70,"Slayer doesn't add any window dressing to its bile-filled Satanic metal. Instead, it just relies on its three core ingredients (speed, power, and precision), and as a result, its music is not only blisteringly potent, but also sort of fun."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"It's not as good as 1988's South of Heaven, but there's enough speaker-shredding guitar noise to make up for any vocal deficiencies. [Aug/Sep 2001, p.128]"

Alternative Press,91,"Where the debut sometimes resembled a psycho-ward jam session, System serve up some surprising melodies on 'Chop Suey!' 'Forest' and the haunting 'Aerials.'"
Spin Cycle,90,"Cast in layers upon layers of aural intricacy, Toxicity charters new frontiers, yet its still grinding rock at its most deafening."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"The fast parts are faster, the hard parts are harder, and the melodic sections are more memorable. [Oct 2001, p.102]"
Sonicnet,80,"Matches Slipknot for manic intensity while employing a freeform approach to songcraft which invites comparison to the lunatic-fringe rock of the late '60s. [Sep 2001, p.122]"
Dot Music,70,"System of a Down's sophomore album thrives on this sort of urgency, the adrenal rush that insists there's no time for ambiguity."
CDNow,70,"45 minutes of jagged, uneven music that includes sparks of urgent genius, and perhaps five or six seconds that border on legitimate transcendence. [Nov/Dec 2001, p.117]"
Spin,67,"They have a sense of dynamics, tempering their heaviness with unexpected touches of acoustic folksiness and prog-rock flourishes."
Q Magazine,60,"When System's at their best, the Los Angeles four-piece evokes most vividly punk politicos the Dead Kennedys.... Yet the band sputters out when the lyrics are awash in vagueness."
Rolling Stone,30,"Toxicity is virtually unlistenable: thrash metal splintered into a million pieces by unnecessary time changes, topped off with excruciatingly theatrical vocals. [Dec 2001, p.118]"

PopMatters,80,"'Iowa' is a fantastic metal record, ferocious and inventive, but their rage is that of psychotic adolescents rather than reasoning adults. You'll love it!"
The A.V. Club,80,"Slipknot make one hell of a racket, an abrasive amalgam of death metal blastbeats and bestial grunting. [Oct 2001, p.130]"
Blender,80,"Every genre needs its defining record, its high watermark, and this 66-minute tantrum is nu-metal's gift to history. A classic, terrifyingly."
E! Online,80,"Iowa is not just the first great record of the nu-metal era - it's better than that."
L.A. Weekly,70,"Iowa boldly follows up, notching maximum body blows in its unyielding production, while maintaining an odd grandeur in its professed pain and anguish, its struggle for individualism."
Alternative Press,70,"Things reach such a fever pitch on this album that you can't help but laugh at times. [Sep 2001, p.75]"
Q Magazine,58,"After too many calls for the end of humanity and playing the Satan card a few times, all the yelling becomes little more than a humorless joke."
Rolling Stone,42,"It's an almost unrelentingly brutal disc that, like so much of the n metal, often seems like a parody of itself."
Revolver,30,"Those who've moved beyond efforts to scare mom and dad will do well to steer clear, though they've probably made that choice already."

Entertainment Weekly,90,"It is dense, it is long, it is complicated. It is also a magnificent triumph of artistry over blind anger."
Sonicnet,83,"A 79-minute sonic sojourn of hard rock delivered with an arty, fusion-conscious sensibility rooted most obviously from the likes of Led Zeppelin, Black Sabbath, and Jane's Addiction."
Uncut,83,"Lateralus takes the L.A. band over the edge with elongated musical movements that simmer under heavy-duty distortion, Middle Eastern percussion and freakish guitar-and-drum time signatures that will make musical mathematicians (i.e., prog-rock dorks) as excited as the kids in the mosh pit."
Playlouder,80,"Ultimately, it's Tool's experimental, borderline progressive, edge that proves most rewarding. [Aug 2001, p.141]"
Q Magazine,80,"So much of Tool's third full-length studio album makes so little sense at first. But that is one of Lateralus' most endearing qualities: It rolls out its pleasures and coherence slowly, even stubbornly."
Dot Music,80,"Tool has made an album that's undeniably its own, yet one which adds layers of subtlety, texture, and meaning that move its sound forward into complex new territory."
Rolling Stone,80,"The band continues to rock in the Rush/Metallica eight-minute flexathon tradition: it may impress you with individual lines, but in the end, it excels mainly at musical gymnastics."
CDNow,75,"'Lateralus' is primarily a collection of puzzling time changes, haunting vocals and beyond-intricate percussive patterns that create a theme rooted more in Eastern philosophy than in rock and roll."
Alternative Press,70,"Tool's songs are long because the band takes its time, resisting show-offy displays of speed in favor of texture and minimalist mood, borrowing key elements from Far Eastern music and industrial rock along the way."
E! Online,70,"Research has led me to conclude that the correct, and possibly only, way to fully appreciate this album is at extremely high volume on a decent hi-fi whilst massively stoned out of your gourd."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"They're the metal Radiohead. Though it's definitely a million times more metal than anything the Oxford miserablists have recorded, 'Lateralus' still easily contains the same amount of misery and self-obsessed navel-gazing."
The A.V. Club,70,"Lateralus could have been released four years ago, for all the sonic progression that's contained (or not contained) within its 79 minutes. [Jul 2001, p.57]"
Dot Music,67,"The music has a clean, fluid flow but sounds thin-blooded and far less visceral -- freeze-dried -- next to newer, younger Ozzfest regulars, like Staind, who have followed in Tool's wake. [25 May 2001, p.77]"
Wall of Sound,60,"Lateralus sounds like Black Sabbath jamming with Genesis at the bottom of a coal shaft. [Jun/Jul 2001, p.115]"
E! Online,19,"Now, with the early new century demanding 'opuses,' Tool follows suit. The problem is, Tool defines 'opus' as taking their 'defining element' (wanking sludge) and stretching it out to the maximum digital capacity of a compact disc."

Q Magazine,75,"Set to a backdrop that brings to mind Creed, Pearl Jam and Tool but still uniquely stands on its own, the album tackles subjects of suicide and basic alienation with relative control and directness."
Rolling Stone,70,"With Lewis' weighty, tuneful voice and Mike Mushok's meaty, anthemic guitar, Staind recall the Soundgarden/Alice in Chains era of early-'90s rock. Free of phony posturing, DJ scratching and over-reliance on vapid thrash riffs, they're almost like an alternative version of today's mainstream metal."
CDNow,70,"Raises the nu-metal bar by weaving maturity, passion and the craft of songwriting into its steaming pile of passive-aggressive chord chomping."
Sonicnet,70,"At first glance, Staind may look like a Korn tribute band. But within the first few seconds of Break the Cycle, they let loose enough Mothra-heavy riffs to prove they can rock circles around peers such as Limp Bizkit and fellow Bostonians Godsmack."
Spin Cycle,60,"Pedestrian? Sure. But in '01, it's doubtful you'll find a more apt soundtrack to a summer of skyrocketing gas prices and stock market tumblings."
The A.V. Club,60,"Unfortunately, the production smoothes down the band's sharp edges to an overly polished finish. [Jun/Jul 2001, p.116]"
Neumu.net,50,"Cycle is ultimately no more than 50 minutes of standard-issue desolation, but the softness of many of the tracks gives it compassion, something most of Staind's peers have no time for."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"All this introspection wouldn't be so bad if Stained put a bit of oomph behind it, but the musical changes lack dynamism and frame the groaning vocals almost reverentially. [#180, p.111]"
Alternative Press,20,"'Break The Cycle' is nu-metal as envisaged by Tipper Gore - 14 tracks of parent-friendly grunge-flavoured soft rock that make Creed sound like GG Allin."

Entertainment Weekly,90,"God Says No brings the New Jersey quintet into the millennium with the same sharp approach of their other four records--it's loud, it's brash."
Blender,80,"Here's music tailor-made for cruising down the road with the wind blowing through your mullet."
Pitchfork,80,"Less hook-a-minute than its predecessor, 1998's Powertrip, but with a more heavily articulated wallop. [Jun/Jul 2001, p.114]"
E! Online,80,"Arguably the band's most diverse set yet, and certainly their mellowest.... In the end, some may be disappointed by God Says No's all-around sense of restraint, but open-minded fans will have to acknowledge Wyndorf's courageous insistence on breaking new ground with his continually inspired songwriting."
Sonicnet,76,"God Says No maintains the attributes of its predecessor but also delves deeper into the groove-y psychedelia that's also part of the band's makeup."
Dot Music,75,"The band's signature brown-acid hysteria shares time with suspensefuly muted click tracks, adding an element of noir to a world view that was plenty black to begin with. [13 Apr 2001, p.76]"
Rolling Stone,70,"Another appealing throwback to the best in '70s hard rock."
CDNow,70,"On God Says No, Monster Magnet sounds more simply like a cross between Soundgarden and any of a dozen longhaired stoner rock bands."
Blender,70,"In contrast to the relatively concise muscle car that was Powertrip, Magnet's 1998 commercial breakthrough, God Says No luxuriates in a decadent psych-rock whirlpool, improbably bridging the chasm between the Music Machine and Nine Inch Nails."
AllMusic,60,"God Says No is the sound of a band heading toward the charts, full-speed.... This is a disappointing record for longitme fans; maybe new ears will dig it. [#153, p.81]"
Q Magazine,50,"A 12-song mess that veers unsteadily between the fuzztone freak-outs of his original concept and panicked-sounding rewrites of older Monster Magnet material."
New Musical Express (NME),10,"The new Monster Magnet album is kinda crappy, and they'd better check themselves before they quite irrevocably wreck themselves."

Launch.com,80,"A magnificent return to the band's brutal, almost hardcore punkish, roots."
Sonicnet,80,"Green's heightened tunefulness along with the broadened emotional resonance that results should enable this band to relate more to an enlarged fanbase... [#154, p.63]"
Blender,70,"Though not as stellar as such past Max-era classics as Chaos A.D. or Roots, Nation is another worthy set of brutally dense, hardcore-tinged metal."
AllMusic,60,"'Nation' is not bad - it's taut and tense and if you buy it quick you'll get to hear their logic-defying cover of Bauhaus' 'Bela Lugosi's Dead'. But it's hard to reconcile 'Nation''s obsession with the scourge of globalisation with Sepultura's conversion from third world pioneers to just another angry hardcore band."
Wall of Sound,60,"A series of hard-rockin', tight tunes..."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Contains a clutch of crowd-pleasingly brutal anthems..."

The A.V. Club,75,"More diverse than you might think..."
HOB.com,70,"Where the 'Farm break new ground is by exploring far more than the quiet-loud-rage-quiet formula with real singing and everything and a fair does of pop melody that place them more on a radio-friendly rock keel than no holds bared metal."
Rolling Stone,62,"Lyrically, they've got a ways to go.... That said, Alien Ant Farm shows some real potential."
Alternative Press,60,"Hidden under the pit floor, however, are frankly scarier prospects. Like AAF's toe-curling cover of Michael Jackson's 'Smooth Criminal' or the awful sub-Police reggae lurch of 'Flesh And Bone'. Singer Dryden Mitchell over-emotes at every turn too, further slickening 'ANThology's pomp rock gloss."
L.A. Weekly,60,"But, while they might benefit at times from more distinctive guitar riffs, AAF's ability to dot the map without losing focus makes ANThology the kind of debut that gives cause to look ahead in anticipation of where they might take things for album number two."
Village Voice,60,"Sounding like Alice In Chains covering early Heart, AAF have the grunge crunch thing in spades, but with the edges smoothed by dramatic melodies and soulful screaming."

Dot Music,70,"Godhead take this '80's obsession one step further, crafting a sound so hypnotically synthetic it makes Heaven 17 sound like Robert Johnson. [Feb 2001, p.94]"
Alternative Press,60,"2000 Years is a guitar-ripping dissertation --only it's sealed inside a musical envelope that's addressed to the likes of Adam and Eve."
CDNow,60,"There's not much sonic discovery or eviscerating emotion here to elevate godhead outside the Pro-Tools realm of co-headlining tours with Stabbing Westward. [#151, p.82]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Where Marilyn Manson is dark and introspective, Godhead are much more outgoing."
AllMusic,60,"Godhead's stash of smart musical touches proves they're more than Manson's Mini-Me."
Q Magazine,40,"Like a legion of goths before them, singer Jason Miller and Manson have many of the same obsessions: the death of God, suicide, the return of God, the slow descent into hell and icky piles of dirt. In Godhead's case, all of that terrain is covered in just the album's opening track, the NIN-meets-New Order new wave rocker 'The Reckoning.'"
E! Online,30,"Most of the songs on 2000 Years of Human Error feature the now clichd mix of distorted vocals, loud guitars, and electro rhythms, and, as a result, the band sounds too much like its brethren to be distinctive."

Dot Music,70,"A grab-bag set of videos and live and unreleased recordings that are more of an enhancement for devotees' collections than an introduction for neophytes."
Wall of Sound,70,"Salival's cool appeal is the DVD, compiling four of the band's videos and offering an extra scraplike song."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Beginning with the juddering monstrosity that is the live version of 'Third Eye', there is no doubt that the band want to be judged as an epic attraction. It's unfortunate that they've chosen to lengthen some of the tracks to the point of monotony."
HOB.com,40,"Live versions of 'Hush,' 'Part of Me,' 'Push It,' and 'Third Eye' reaffirm the band's standing as one of alternative metal's most compelling live acts; unreleased studio tracks such as 'Message to Harry Manback II' and 'L.A. Municipal Court' definitely sound like abandoned material, but offer a look at Tool's quirkier side."

Rolling Stone,90,"A complex, heavily textured album that aims for the stars."
Mojo,90,"White Pony works on many different levels, with its treatises on alienation, art-rock explorations and soundtracks for people who don't take drugs but want to transcend the mundane. [Record of the Week pick]"
AllMusic,90,"That such a progressive, risk-taking LP wasn't celebrated across the board for its gutsy reinventing of a band thought pigeonholed wasn't that surprising, though  this is a difficult album."
Alternative Press,80,"Far and away Deftones' most daring and impassioned work to date."
Q Magazine,80,"Massive in pretension, slightly too long and gothic, but when all the pieces fit, you can't deny its unstoppable power."
Rolling Stone,80,"But for all the growth, the band's continuing inclination toward a bludgeoning sonic attack and Moreno's violent, impressionistic lyrics make this a tough pill to swallow for most listeners."
Sonicnet,80,"When you can make out their lyrics... you realize that these guys are really the artier, more nuanced and textured cousins of Korn."
CDNow,80,"The Deftones went soft, but in an impressive way, to twist around its signature punk thrash sound."
Wall of Sound,80,"It's surprising how well the songs on White Pony absorb the band's disparate influences (Slayer, the Cure, Bad Brains) without compromising any of its destructive effect."
Rolling Stone,74,"A dense and textured rock affair that builds a bridge between grunge, goth, and industrial stylings."
Dot Music,70,"At their worst, Deftones can sound almost like a parody of themselves. But at their best, the band fashions a heavy, claustrophobic atmosphere in which Moreno spins his dark, personal tales of misery and heartbreak against a backdrop of music that careens from the ugly to the beautiful. Most of the time, White Pony finds Deftones at their best."
AllMusic,65,"With White Pony, the Deftones have crafted the kind of top-notch album that Tool and Korn have been wanting to make for years."
Checkout.com,60,"White Pony ends up being more accessible than the group's two previous albums, because it's not a half-formed mess but a classic alternative-rock album, as gentle and catchy as it is dark."
Alternative Press (Record Of The Week),60,"Their most adventurous and assured album to date?"
BBC Music,20,"Maybe when they abandon their arrested development and stop convincing themselves the world is aligned specifically for their personal displeasure, they'll arrive at something listenable. [July 2000, p.112]"

