10,"To be honest, i really enjoy this album. It is really nice and heavy, even better than Lost forever//Lost together. 10 of 10. Just enjoy - album worth it. Architects nailed it once again!",4,4,"May 28, 2016"
9,"I recently started listening to this band as a recommendation from my brother, and i started out with their album Lost Forever//Lost Together. Needless to say, I was very impressed. After hearing the release of 'A Match Made In Heaven' I was thouroughly excited for this album (in hopes it didn't turn out like 'The Here and Now'). And my excitement paid off.
1. Nihilist: A brilliant, hard hitting opening. (10/10)
2. Deathwish: Some very good riffs, but a standard Architects song. (7.5/10)
3. Phantom Fear: Polarised from the rest of the album with some pretty optimistic lyrics, and an amazing rhythm. (9/10)
4. Downfall: Sounds fairly diverse compared to the rest of the album. Brilliant vocals and great guitar work. (8.5/10)
5. Gone With The Wind: As hard hitting as Nihilist, just not as concise. (9/10)
6. The Empty Hourglass: The only reason this album is rated 9, if I could remove any song from this album, it would be this. (6/10)
7. A Match Made In Heaven: While Nihilist is the only other 10/10 on the album, this is my favourite. If you need evidence to support my opinions, just listen to the chorus. Amazing. (10/10)
8. Gravity: So close to being perfect. The guitars and drums are so solid on this track, but I still think the vocals could be improved. (9.5/10)
9. All Love is Lost: I feel like this is more filler than anything else, while most of my friends think this is better than AMMIH, I didn't think it was that strong of a track. (7/10)
10. From The Wilderness: Some very good guitar work and Sam's signature great vocal style, as Deathwish, another standard Architects track. (8.5/10)
11. Memento Mori: This 8 minute BEHEMOTH of a  song is my third favourite. The glitchy electronics tie together the best closing song I have heard from Architects. A wonderful closing to the album. (9.5/10)
Overall, this album was amazing. Better than Ruin? Maybe. Give this a listen if you like Metalcore, you won't be disappointed.",2,2,"May 28, 2016"
9,"There's no new ground broken here. That's ultimately not a bad thing. Actually it ends up being a really great thing. It's more refined version of Lost Forever //Lost Together, an already fantastic album. The band is firing on all cylinders and as a result, yeah, this is probably their best album.
The lyrical themes still center on the same topics. However the areas they focus on are some of the most potent they've done. The lyrics and the mastership they have over their own sound makes for their most emotionally resonant album yet. The album's title really does a great job of letting you know what themes are on display here.
It's a dark, angry, and emotional album. One where the band has poured every ounce of talent they have into it. They've mastered their sound and made one of the most important albums in the genre as of right now. This is some of the best new metalcore to come out in a while. Don't miss it.
9.9/10",0,0,"Aug 24, 2016"
10,"One of my favorite albums of all time.
The dept of the lyrics and the care and soul put into the sound was an amazing gift.
In my opinion AOGHAU this marks the definition of a perfect album.",0,0,"Aug 26, 2016"
10,"Simply the best Architects album, also better than Daybreaker. It sounds like Lost Forever // Lost Together, but it is so much better than this one. Nice voices by Sam Carter and sick music with great work in the keyboards,",0,0,"Jun 16, 2016"
5,"I may be their music and you can listen to them well. But the most recent album is only average for me. It sounds to quickly become familiar and hardly offers variety.
I want a real firecracker.",1,2,"Mar 13, 2016"
8,"I've been listening to KSE since I've started listening to metal , huge fan of As Daylight Dies ( Howard Jones then) ....came back in the the game with Disarm The Descent, that one ...yup a great album too....still staying strong in the metal scene with Incarnate's release..",0,0,"Mar 12, 2016"
8,"Incarnate may feel like another typical Killswitch Engage record at first, but in the end it manages to be their best record since As Daylight Dies. Jesses fantastic performance and the excellent songwriting help give this record weight. Even after seventeen years, Killswitch Engage still manages to prove why they are one of the better metalcore acts out there. Even though the members themselves are aging, their music still manages to sound refreshing, and Incarnate still manages to continue that trend. With their feet planted on solid ground, its now a matter of what exactly will they do for their next album. But until then, we will be more than happy to listen to this for the days to come.",0,0,"Mar 13, 2016"
10,"For having just gotten into Killswitch Engage, I really enjoyed this album. As for my favorite songs, it is very hard to decide since I enjoyed every single song. But if I were to pick a few, I would suggest Strength of the Mind, We Carry On, and Embrace the Journey...Upraised.",0,0,"Mar 13, 2016"
9,"Killswitch Engage's Incarnate really reflects why they've been labelled the 'masters of metalcore'. This album is certainly at the peaks alongside Alive or Just Breathing, End of Heartache and Disarm the Descent. Whilst this is a brilliant album, a couple of songs try but don't quite achieve what you'd want them to. However this album contains some incredible tracks, with this arguably being Jesse Leach's best vocal performance to date.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2016"
6,"Jesse's performance is fantastic and saves this album from a lower score. I was excited by the teaser tracks but for me they're the only highlights of an album that we've simply heard before from KsE.",0,0,"Aug 11, 2016"
9,"Ulver continue to evolve in fine form, If you can spare 80 minutes to listen as a whole in this 10 second attention span Mp3 world, then you will be richly rewarded.",0,0,"Jan 24, 2016"
10,"The first time I heard the album is a collection of improvised live appearances I said it cannot work well... even for Ulver. Especially after I haven't (yet?) found their last album (collaboration with Sunn o))) to be as interesting as their other works.
But oh boy was I wrong! I only took a couple of songs to make me awed. And it gets event better.
The album lasts for about 80 minutes, but I couldn't bother, it's so intriguing that it finishes before you know it and what you're left with is wanting more..
It's hard to believe, but after such masterpieces as 'Kveldssanger', 'Nattens Madrigal', 'Marriage of..', 'Perdition City' or 'Shadows of the Sun', 'ATGCLVLSSCAP' may actually be their best album to date.",0,0,"Feb  9, 2016"
10,"Ulver continue to earn their prestige in the experimental music community with ATGCLVLSSCAP. Fans of the band will certainly be pleased by many tracks on this album, and I would certainly recommend it as a wonderful celebration of Ulvers musical skill. Although its overall structure has its flaws, the songs on ATGCLVLSSCAP are too good for me to hold that against them.",0,0,"Feb 18, 2016"
6,"While this album is not bad, it feels way too monotonous compared to their previous works, it's as if the band has completely forgotten what made them an enjoyable experience in the first place: the atmosphere. Two standouts are: Celestial Effigy and Plateau of the Ages, other songs are way too washed out.",1,1,"May 24, 2014"
6,"I can make a variety of claims as to why this record isn't quite what I expected, but the one that instantly comes to mind is 'too safe'. It's far too safe. Agalloch really stepped outside of themselves on 'Ashes Against The Grain' and again on 'Marrow Of The Spirit', but this honestly sounds like regression. If this is what the band was going for, more power to them. I do enjoy the record, but it's difficult not to reach for one of the other two I just mentioned when I want to hear this band. For one clear reason, this just doesn't stand up to the others.",1,1,"Jun  6, 2014"
5,"The critic rave review is misleading, am a big Agalloch fan but this is one of Agalloch's weakest albums . Monotonous and rather pedestrian, far less ambitious than Ashes Against The Grain or the The Mantle!
First few listens I was disappointed, I gave it time with repeat listens, still it didn't grow on me.",1,1,"Jan 28, 2015"
9,"Not as big of a departure as it's made out to be. The songs are still beautiful and filled with great soundscapes and vocals. Appreciate it for what it is and not for their previous albums. One of my favorites from last year",0,0,"Sep  5, 2015"
10,"The disc of rough-around-the-edges demo tracks is worth the price of admission but this is a 90s classic in every way. I would've rated it a straight 10 even if the reissue were just a remastering of the original 10-track release.",1,1,"Apr 10, 2013"
10,"An absolute stone cold classic 90's album. Fueled by a palpable anger that is still relevant today, sad to say that  20 years later the government still serve themselves first and the people a distant second. Perhaps its naive to think politicians will ever change but at least you can rage against them. Beginning with Bombtrack, then straight into the anthem of the dissatisfied Killing in the name. Every song is a classic, an anthem and as an album it is close to perfect. So perfect in fact that Rage could never equal it or really come close to it. An astonishing debut, now packaged with the original album demo and a dvd showing the live energy of the band at their peak.",1,2,"Dec  4, 2012"
8,"great and politically heavy
a little repetitive but all right
ratm rocks..............................................................................",0,0,"Oct 15, 2013"
10,"this is probably the best music I have listened to ever. I love rock music, especially rock music from the 90's and this brings the money to the table. it's too bad that this band is underrated, they deserve a lot more love and they actually sing about actually important stuff other than today's typical song of being in the club with a bunch of chicks RATM's music actually serves a purpose and once again, I love it!",0,0,"Jan 16, 2014"
10,"Zack De La Rocha's Godlike Rapping Are Awesome, My Favorites are 'Killing In The Name', 'Bombtrack' And 'Bullet In The Head', This is the best album made by ratm",0,0,"Nov  8, 2014"
10,"Powerful, shocking and still sounding completely fresh 20 years on. Arguably one of the greatest rock albums produced. Rage created a sound of their own, complemented with a dialogue consisting of strong political, anti-establishment sentiment. If you love music and don't own a copy of the original or re-release you should be ashamed!",0,0,"Feb 24, 2015"
9,"What an excellent follow-up to Torche's first album.  I was introduced to this band by the RedEye crew - specifically Greg - and they've delivered live.  I popped the second album in the CD player while doing some soul-crushing desk work, and before I knew it, I had played the thing four times.  Just a tremendous album.  And yu've got to love the fact that a metal band with an out lead singer is introduced to the public by a Mike Huckabee-narrated video on Fox News.  Funny as hell.",0,0,"Jul 17, 2012"
8,"I'm new to this and I like it, but is it really metal?  Sounds like the Smashing Pumpkins on an angry day to me.   Good hard alt rock, which the music world seems to be in dire need of.",0,0,"Apr 27, 2012"
9,"Straight up doom sludge pop metal, wonderful throughout. Fun album, one of 2012s best releases. Some great singles and solid instrumentals. I would suggest this to anyone. Plus great album artwork",0,0,"Mar 10, 2013"
8,"For some reason critics love to box Torche into the metal genre, which is too easy a definition for the band. Sure theyre heavy but they also have a love for pop guitar lines and vocals so catchy you cant help but sing along. The combination is in line with iconic bands like Sugar or modern bands like Foo Fighters, though Torche have more sack in their songs than the latter. Harmonicraft is a screaming beast of an album, one that constantly switches up the dance between prog-rock, hardcore and pop. Imagine if Rush had been made up of kids who loved Slayer and The Smiths and youll start to understand the genius of Torche.",0,0,"May 13, 2014"
9,"Alcest create a limbo lounge for souls weighed down by life's heaviness on these 'voyages of the soul', and once acoustically settled in it is an amazingly dark yet beautiful journey through the blackness of uncertainty to the promise of light. But isnt' that what life's about?",0,0,"Oct 28, 2012"
10,"As a metal fan I'm just shocked how good this album is.  It's a deep traveling album and you don't need to be a metal fan to love.  It's just pure music that never ceases to amaze me.  I've listened to this more than anything to date in 2012 (written 9/11/12) and it just keeps getting better.  You should own this.",0,0,"Sep 11, 2012"
9,"I hit this just by coincidence searching for best  albums of year 2012. This is a really good listen for a metal fan. Great mix of various sub-genres. The only negative thing about is that I don't know French and cannot understand the lyrics. I wish I could find some English translation.",0,0,"Jan 23, 2013"
10,"This is simply one of the most beautiful and definitely best records I have heard in my life. It is great for anyone who loves still life by opeth. It is full of astonishing melodies, yet it reflects an extremely dark under current. It is just amazing. I highly suggest it.",0,0,"May  6, 2014"
5,"I've wanted to like this so much more than I ultimately did. Ecailles de Lune is just absolutely spectacular, perfect, beautiful... Just wonderful! For those who haven't heard, think of Deafheaven's glorious Sunbather album but with a little less shoegaze and more black metal. Shelter is a very decent shoegaze album only hendered by a little monotony in a few songs and some repetition here and there, but for his take a on a pure shoegaze album, it's awesome! However, the middle child, Les Voyages de L'ame, Alcest just kinda... well... disappointed me, for a lack of better word. I listened so many times, yet felt nothing. It felt grandiose, but never delivered. 'Sur L'Ocean Couleur de Fer' from Ecailles de Lune is better than all of these songs on this album. The instrumentals on this album are quite nice, but I wish they had done more with them. The vocals are beautiful as always, but never really changed pitch much. It was kinda like listening to a long, drawn-out, hum for an hour. I'm glad Alcest decided that he wanted to try a more shoegaze sound but this is more of the 'cocoon' stage where it's changing but not necessarily its most beautiful. I'd give it a go if you're a fan and apparently most like it way more than I do. Give 'Summer's Glory' or 'Nous Sommes L'emeraude' a go, latter being probably my favorite on this disc. I give it a 2.5/5",0,0,"Dec 16, 2014"
9,"An album that filled a need that I didn't realise I had. Sitting somewhere between my love of the likes of Sigur Ros and metal, this is a beautiful piece of work.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2014"
10,"this album is really powerful and awesome. from start to finish it is f***king stunning. I love the songs 'Deafening', 'At night we Live'. But 'pony' was the odd one out, with one weird repeating riff. Overall its a f***king awesome album.",0,0,"Jan 23, 2011"
8,"For an album that took 3 years to make, 'The Powerless Rise' makes that wait worth while.  An album that never feels cliche or repetitive and is enjoyable from beginning to end.  This is, in essence, a love letter to metal fans; and makes you rethink the parameters of the metal genre.  The album is technical, relentless, fast and furious; it even feels as if it passes too quickly clocking in around 44 minutes.  The album is very balanced, and its heavy hitters are dispersed throughout the album.  The framework that this album was made on, is almost identical to 2007's 'An Ocean Between Us'; but hits a little harder.  Some of the songs seem to fit better with others, and a few of the songs seem out of place.  The album is finessed in a way, that it doesn't wear on listeners; but that is what keeps it from achieving a higher plateau and becoming a definitive metal album.",1,1,"Oct 28, 2011"
9,"Though it wasn't quite as good as An Ocean Between Us, which is as close to a perfect metal cd that you can get, it was thoroughly amazing. Great vocals, lyrics, rifts, solos, everything. Not a dull moment on the cd. If it wasn't established already, then As I Lay Dying is the best thing in Metal right now.",0,0,"Nov 16, 2011"
9,"Brutal attack on the sences! if not for the mediocre vocals it would be a 10. while Lambesis is not at his best, Sgrosso and Jordan Mancino are. This is easily one of the best metalcore albums",0,0,"Dec  5, 2011"
9,"The best As I Lay Dying album to date, but only just. It feels incredibly similar to An Ocean Between Us, but that is no bad thing. It is heavier then previous albums and cleaner at points. From Lambesis impressing on the vocals side, delivering his most aggressive and powerful performance yet to the chugging guitars. This is pure gold.",0,0,"Dec  8, 2011"
9,"The powerless rise is a brutal but clean album. It's by far the band's best album and is worthy of a purchase. All the songs are quality and the guitars keep you entertained throughout. Not a dull moment.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2012"
10,"Speaking of this album is extremely technical music and songs are well structured. No notes, chords or riffs, which are out of place. Each instrument is in a perfect place, perfect time and sound together in an amazingly epic. The metalcore genre is incredible, but we must admit that this is one of the most oversaturated genres on the heavy side of the music industry. However, As I Lay Dying is by far the band is at the top of the food chain in the metalcore.
Vocally, Tim has some extra sounds behind his voices in this album. They seem to be a little deeper and lower than in previous albums. But do not worry about the clean vocals are still present and are quite impressive. The Powerless Rise seems to have something extra out of Tim, almost like he was shouting directly to listeners on this album. As usual in the letters, there is no mention of Christ, but his lyrics have Christian center in which we invite you to not cling to the things of this world but to fight for what is eternal.
I can not imagine what would be the music without AILD, these titans continue to put the measure on such a high level that there might not be any band that comes close to them these days. In my opinion, surpassed his previous work An Ocean Between Us.
This album is so good that every song is excellent, You can not miss in your collection",0,0,"Mar 14, 2013"
10,"Fuc**** awesome!",1,1,"Feb 26, 2011"
9,"The album is for true Godsmack fans, with good vintage sound from their earlier work. Good hard hitting stuff, though some song like 'Cryin' Like A **** don't deliver that smack to you head you would expect. Over all, this one of the best albums for 2010,",0,0,"Aug 16, 2010"
9,"This was my first full Bullet album. I had classics such as Tears Don't Fall and Scream, Aim, Fire via download, so I was slightly curious as to whether or not buying their CD would make me a full-time fan. And it has! Nine out of the eleven songs are classic Bullet: Some belting anthems that would seem at home during any festival, mixed with some metal widdle-melodies to make any music lover shiver down their spine.  But because of the two tracks that are stuck between good and average, it loses a point from me. Yet as I said, I am now a full Bullet fan, and i'm seeing them in December in London!",2,2,"Sep  2, 2010"
10,"A move away from their previous albums, Fever adds a more melodic touch to Bullet's sound. With some of the best individual tracks in years and a generally cohesive album format, this is up there as one of my favourite albums of all time.",2,2,"Nov 18, 2011"
7,"This isnt their best album but its one of their best.Fever is my favorite song from this album and its not that great.They make good songs but they should add more guitar.",1,1,"Apr 15, 2011"
10,"Best Album ever.    .",1,1,"Aug 27, 2011"
9,"Fever is one of my Favorite Bullet For My Valentine albums to date. With Tracks like Your Betrayal and Fever it really stands out in it's sound and it's lyrics. I'll be listening to this album for years to come.",1,1,"Dec 31, 2013"
10,"This album is what we call 'Perfection'. From previous album this is a great step ahead. It sound really amazing and Bullet is the most underrated band in the world.",1,1,"Aug  1, 2014"
3,"This is awful.  Like most other sensible people, I really enjoyed 'The Poison', I thought 'Scream Aim Fire' had it's moments, and thought that this was utter crap.  It's pure torture to see bands going through this type of change, and it's also torture to sit through this entire album. As the old saying goes, 'Gimme back my Bullet.'",0,2,"Sep 20, 2010"
2,"An issue with this album seems to be, that nothing changes. there is no advance through the album, and the only song that stands out as their own and doesn't look like it would belong with another band is sadly Your Betrayal. Songs like Fever, while still being a well written song, seem to not lie in the realms of Bullet For My Valentine. This is a shame, because the same fate lies with Scream Aim Fire. The only album that appears to be anything over a 5 would be The Poison, but even that had its moments where you were left thinking 'surely not'.If Bullet are to carry on, and bring out a fourth album, then they need to review it themselves before deciding if it's right. If they can imagine another band, or singer, making a better job of the song, then they need to trash it and rewrite.Overall, Fever is a letdown to many, and it's just another BFMV album.",0,1,"Sep 28, 2010"
2,"Loved The Poison, Kinda liked Scream Aim Fire, hate their newest album Fever. This band has focused more on lyrics ryhming then delivering any message to their listener. Quite a disappointment.",0,2,"Jan  2, 2011"
9,"An amazing album by standards of a fan of their music in the past. Bullet has once again modified their style, this time staying away from screaming and focusing much more on singing. Fever is an album for all rock and metal fans alike, and should definitely be up on the top of the charts (at least in the genre it is in).",0,0,"Apr 29, 2010"
10,"An excellent attempt by a brilliant band.",0,0,"May  2, 2010"
6,"This album should come with a simple disclaimer.  'Put on your seatbelt and turn up the volume'This beginning of this album is an absolute blitzkrieg of sound from track 1-4.  After track four the band tries to be a little experimental and while that should come with some credit it just doesn't work.Any album that should be bought in singles only will take a hit but this band has the potential to be big.",0,0,"Aug 21, 2010"
8,"'Fever' is an album that conjures up mixed reviews from users and critics alike.  The premise is simple enough, broken relationships and revenge.  All that is all an fine, but at times, 'Fever' feels cliche and over-the-top in the whole 'hatred' mindset.  The album is great, though, clocking in around 50 minutes and never dragging or becoming repetitive.  The songs are varied, and they feel as fresh as ever.  There is something I would like to point out, this album isn't as heavy as their previous release 'Scream Aim Fire.'   Nor is it as heavy as their first full-length 'The Poison', but the album is right up there in terms of enjoyable listening.  Like I said, the premise is simple, and it has been done before; which makes the songs seem recycled and reused.  But, only in their subject matter.  The tracks themselves, are fresh and feel like they fit the songs very well.  This album starts off with a fast-and-furious song 'Your Betrayal', but the follow-up doesn't seem as bright.  The middle of the album (tracks 4-8) is where the album picks up most of its steam, but it dissipates before the last track.  All-in-all, 'Fever' is a solid album from a band that keeps hitting its stride.  The issues are minute, and they won't deter any fan of the genre.",0,0,"Oct 28, 2011"
8,"I'm not narrow minded, but my favorite two Bullet For My Valentine albums were their first. The Poison and Scream Aim Fire. However that doesn't mean to say that Fever is bad. After all, Bullet are the biggest metal band to come out of England since Iron Maiden. (Even though they're Welsh)
Fever was a new approach to Bullet. At this point they changed a few things and how they approached the album, and all in all I thought Fever was great. Some iconic songs and some fantastic riffs, all of which are fun to play too! The only reason I didn't vote this higher is because I only really listen to this album a few times, It's not one of those I could listen to constantly as it does get a little boring. But they're all great songs, and seeing them live is just fantastic too!",0,0,"Jul 16, 2013"
5,"I'll start this off by saying I used to like this band. The Poison and Scream Aim Fire are still in my catalog of music, and I still listen to them on occasion for nostalgia. However, this album was Bullet for my Valentine's sound going full on mainstream.
Sure, Scream Aim Fire was the beginning of this trend, but it still retained traits of their earliest work. The furious vocals, guitar riffing and tolerable lyrical themes. Fever...has little of those traits left. The guitar work is still decent, and Matt Tuck's vocals are still good. However, this album in general is a big step backwards for the band. None of these songs, to me, are memorable. The only songs off of this album that I actually enjoyed were 'Your Betrayal' and 'Begging for Mercy'. The former for its melody, and the second for its hard hitting sound.
The rest of the album, not a chance. For any big fan of the band that loves everything they ever release, this will be another keeper. For those who aren't fanatics for this band's sound, this will not be one you'll want to own. Listen to on rare occasions, sure. But own? Nah.",0,0,"Aug 22, 2013"
8,"Fever is a great album, one of the best in the metalcore genre. It accomplishes enjoyment to the listener, and that's what an album is supposed to do, right?",0,0,"Oct 31, 2015"
3,"Really disappointing - total lack of their typical anthemic songs (save, perhaps, Here we are Juggernaut). Over-produced, the whole album feels dark and dreary. In my opinion, their worst album to date.",1,1,"Oct 22, 2012"
4,"This was everything BUT Coheed. A little too over-engineered and mediocre in many parts, this album sadly stands alone in their amazing discography...",1,1,"Feb  8, 2013"
10,"Year of the Black Rainbow is a technically proficient, underrated masterpiece that holds up to this day. I can comfortably (but at the risk of pitchforks) admit this is one of Coheed and Cambria's strongest albums, and this is coming from a massive C&C fan that keeps IKSSE:3 and Good Apollo Vol. 1 on repeat almost constantly otherwise.
The Dillinger Escape Plan's founder and former drummer Chris Pennie served as Coheed's already rock hard backbone throughout the near-hour experience as well - their resulting musicianship is tight and compelling.
Album highlights include 'The Broken', 'Here We Are Juggernaut', 'Far', 'World of Lines', 'Pearl of the Stars', and the eponymous closer, 'The Black Rainbow'.",1,1,"Sep 23, 2015"
5,"As technical as it is, 'Year of the Black Rainbow' can't break away and become what it was meant to be.  As cliche as it sounds, this was supposed to be Coheed and Cambria's love-letter to their fans and in essence; their magnum opus.  Highly talked about before its release, the hype not only got me researching and anticipating; I also pre-ordered it to boot.  The album is as technical as it gets, with songs like 'Guns of Summer' making any fan of prog have weak knees.  The guitar work is great, and the drumming is sufficient; but the bass seems flat more often than not.  The technicality that is on display draws from what the album truly is, a flawed piece of work that is equally uneventful as it is impressive.  Now, not to say that the entire album is bad.  Songs like 'Here We Are Juggernaut' and 'World of Lines' are possibly some of the best prog songs to come out this decade.  But, most of the album slips into limbo, and follows the track of being repetitive.  Time and time again, an album hits that blinds with technicality; while slipping through with an unimaginative experience that will likely turn fans away.  'Year of the Black Rainbow' tries too hard, and falls short of greatness.",1,2,"Oct 28, 2011"
9,"A solid hit and change of style from No World, The Black Rainbow boasts some catchy tunes along with a bunch of tracks very impressive in musicianship.",1,2,"Mar 19, 2012"
3,"Besides a few (and i mean few) songs that are likeable, The entire album is pretty trashy. It looks horrible when compared to other albums by Coheed and Cambria. Really disapointing.",0,1,"Nov 17, 2011"
8,"A very strong album throughout.  It's interesting how they decided to write a prequel to their previous four albums and the production and instrumentals certainly sound different enough to make it feel as such.Wouldn't say it's their best album but still recommended.",0,0,"May  8, 2011"
4,"It lacks everything that made the band what they were. They experimented a lot on this album and it simply did not work out. I expected a lot better from them.",0,0,"Oct  8, 2015"
3,"The best word to describe this album would be disappointing. Evolution is usually a natural thing for a band, if every album sounded the same it would be very monotonous, but this album is a failed attempt of Coheed leaving behind all their groove and pop elements and going full prog-rock. What we're left with is a bleak and dreary album with only a couple of songs that are even worth listening to. I do believe that the producers of this album are equally to blame, Coheed and Cambria are not the Industrial/Prog-Rock hybrid band portrayed on this album and never should be. I only hope as a huge fan myself Claudio and the band learn from this and go back to their emotionally driven and funky Post-Hardcore roots that made them such a great band to begin with.",0,0,"Aug  7, 2012"
9,"Arguably the weakest of Coheed and Cambria's albums (I'm not much a fan of SSTB, call me a heretic. The joy for me begins with IKSSE:3), Year of The Black Rainbow is not at all without merit. 'The Broken', 'Here We Are Juggernaut', 'Far', 'This Shattered Symphony', 'World of Lines', and 'Pearl of the Stars' are all fairly enjoyable excursions in the Pre-Amory Wars mythos. Musically it's all fairly pedantic prog-rock intertwined with vague and slightly touching love songs, nothing astounding instrumentally. Fair enough. Taken into context with the story, though, and fleshed out with the accompanying book, this album still very much works for me. Many reviewers describe a rather 'dark and dreary' overtone, and I'll agree. However, it's only because the story is so. Rife with tragedy and grief, the tale sets the stage for SSTB and the Amory Wars in general. As an album alone, it's only fairly good. I'm writing this review in context, as the album plays a crucial role in the rest of Coheed and Cambria's epic tale. Reader, keep an open mind. Follow along with the book. As a whole, you'll find something special here.
Then move on to the Afterman Saga, and be completely blown away.",0,0,"Feb  7, 2014"
10,"My friend got me into Coheed with this album- and I absolutely love it. I can't say how many times I've listened to this album. I specifically love Here We Are Juggernaut and Pearl of The Stars. Can't reccomend this album enough!",0,0,"Sep 24, 2015"
10,"Cancer Bats did it again! Take hardcore, then add metal and a little pinch of southern flavor to spice things up in the world of canadian post-hardcore.",0,0,"Aug 24, 2010"
9,"I like Ire Works better, but only marginally. This is awesome.",2,2,"Mar 29, 2010"
10,"A must for all DEP fans. These guys know how to blend jazz metal and punk all the while keeping things interesting with pounding rhythms that are powerful enough to start a perpetual motion machine. I know a lot of people will not immediately dig this band or album. DEP always put out material that challenges the listener to develop a sort of memory to guide them through their listening experience. If you have a tough stomach and an appetite for good music you should check out this album.",1,1,"Mar 26, 2010"
10,"An incredible album. I think everyone should give this a listen. Wow.",1,1,"Mar 25, 2010"
7,"Flat out amazing guitar play.Lyrics and melody missing make you think of how much better each track could be if they slowed down just slightly.  Gold Teeth Bum and Widower are prime examples that slowing it down just slightly actually adds more to the album.",1,1,"Aug 21, 2010"
10,"Best record of the year by far. Honest, real, original, refreshing, arresting, provocative, and thought provoking. Who could ask for anything more. From the the first note to the last exhausting scream, this record takes you on a ride that most musical outfits would sell their sole to the devil to be able to create.",1,1,"Oct 16, 2010"
10,"Not only the best metal album of 2010, but also one of the most varied, creative, and thoroughly enjoyable works from and metal band to be released in the last decade. The instrumentals are as chaotic and complex as ever, Greg shows off his vocal range like never before, and the lyrics are engaging and personal. There is not a single bad track on the album; from the unrelenting onslaught that are the heavier tracks like Good Neighbor, to the majestic and emotional Widower, to the tracks that perfectly fuse standard hard rock and mathcore like Gold Teeth On A Bum, Chinese Whispers, and Farewell Mona Lisa, Dillinger hits every note perfectly. Only complaint is that Parasitic Twins is a somewhat awkward track to end the album on. I feel that Widower would have had a much greater impact as the finale. Other than that, this album is phenomenal. A must buy for any progressive metalcore/ mathcore fan.",1,1,"Apr  1, 2013"
9,"Its pretty awesome. Think calculating infinity's intensity plus miss machines wider musical range.",0,0,"Mar 23, 2010"
10,"This is one of the most talented and ground breaking bands out there today. This record maintains the intensity of Calculating Infinity while still branching out in so many different directions. Such a brilliant band.",0,0,"Mar 23, 2010"
9,"This is quite a good album. In short, it's what Ire Works should have been; there are a number 'catchy' songs, i say that by dillinger's standards, and some classic dillinger that we all fell is love with. Do no listen to the number from the users on here, it's not a reflection of what the fans think. For reference, I would give Ire Works a 7.",0,0,"Mar 24, 2010"
9,"Great theme, great imagery, and absolutely mind-blowing delivery. Dillinger proves better than ever that they can be tame as well as absolutely earthshatteringly brutal.",0,0,"Mar 23, 2010"
10,"It has taken me quite some time to digest the newest offering from the mighty Dillinger Escape Plan, entitled Option Paralysis. Now, after about twenty-five concentrated listening sessions, I feel it",0,0,"Mar 24, 2010"
6,"Option Paralysis definitely proves that Dillinger can still kick musical teeth in, but has a few weak spots. If you consider yourself a hardcore DEP fan, you may want to stray away from this and stick to 'Ire Works', but if you are wanting to try something new and you are a fan of bands like The Number Twelve Looks Like You, Exotic Animal Petting Zoo, or Tony Danza Tapdance Extravaganza, this is a definite check out.",0,0,"Apr 25, 2013"
10,"Personally, this is my favorite DEP album. And as one of the most consistently brilliant and great bands of all-time, that's an impressive feat. Thus making it one of my all-time favorite records (with my other favorites being 'Calculating Infinity' and 'Miss Machine')",0,0,"Jul  7, 2015"
10,"HEAVY as HEAVY gets. These are METAL JUGGERNAUTS. Once again, Matt Pike et al. prove that they are the real deal. A warning should be slapped on the album cover that reads: Keep small children and old folks out of the room/car when playing. Side effects will include uncontrollable desire to slay and destroy everything within reach. Not for fans of main steam garbage.",0,0,"Mar  1, 2010"
10,"The metal thunderstorm known as High on Fire have yet again delivered the pain, ladies and gentlemen. I didn't think they'd be able to top Death is this Communion. I will never doubt them again.",0,0,"Feb 28, 2010"
9,"This is absolutely different than what I was expecting. The Fear Factory I know was one part metal and another part futuristic soundscape. Albums as a whole usually dealt the hand 50/50. I hadn't heard anything as aggressive as Demanufacture from Fear Factory since its landmark release in the mid 90s so I was surprised the Mechanize kicked on and knocked my teeth out in the first minute. This record is heavy. I mean really heavy. Even by Demanufacture standards this album is knockout heavy. If Demanufacture is the Louisville Slugger of the bands catalogue this is the sledgehammer. I was a little sad to see the sonic soundscape futuristic nature of the band give way to a more traditional powerhouse knock down drag out metal album but at this point in their career is was absolutely necessary. This more than makes up for the subpar records in the bands catalogue like Digimortal or Transgression. I was impressed and if you haven't picked up Fear Factory in a while I wouldn't suggest starting here. Use Archetype as a starting point to see that the band didn't abandon their roots, then come to Mechanize so it can punch you right in the face. Hope you enjoy it as much as I did!!",0,0,"Nov  1, 2015"
9,"Hellbilly Deluxe 2 is Zombie",0,2,"Jan 16, 2011"
8,"I liked it a lot. I think it's fresh, and has something that modern music just doesn't have this days. It was a great album, that I strongly suggest others to listen.",0,0,"Apr 24, 2011"
10,"Upon first listening, I found it quite harsh. It's kind of listening to barbed wire. But then you start to 'get it' and it is completely mesmerizing. It is, hands down, the best album I own, and I have been listening to quite a lot of heavy/black metal music. It is a lot more metal than jazz, but Jrgens saxophone solos here and there reminds you where he comes from. Give the album 3-4 rounds through your CD-player/mp3-playlist before you move on. I promise it is worth it.Favourite tracks: Madness and the damage done, Fisheye and Blackjazz death trance.PS: I tried giving the album a 10/10 here on Metacritic, but I keep getting a error saying that 'Score (10.0) id must be a floating point number).",0,0,"Nov 10, 2010"
9,"I dont understand why RCA Records were so reluctant to release this album. Its heavy, rocking, and brilliant in its style  which resembles music played by such bands as Iron Maiden and Mastodon. Its a great 80s thrash album, but done in 2009, with some added prog and Priestess awesomeness. Nonetheless, the change in style from their first album means less catchy choruses, so its certainly not as accessible. This is only a negative point, though, in a couple of tracks  as the rest of the album retains a quality sound, with fantastic musicality and variety. If you like Priestess, listen to this. If you like any of the other bands I related to it, give this a try. This is Prior to the Fire, and it will grow on you like a fungus until you love it to bits. So, its probably just better than Hello Master, somehow.
87/100 (rounded to 9/10).",0,0,"Feb 21, 2016"
8,"The person who rated this 0 is probably just a bitter Justin Bieber fan who is just jealous that this debuted higher in the album chart. The Betrayed is a combination of all of Lostprophets' previous album.Perhaps not worth the 4 year wait, but a great album nonetheless.",0,0,"Jan 26, 2010"
10,"An all killer, no filler tour-de-force of everything the Lostprophets can do and more. Almost impossible to listen to without going from start to finish, every time.",0,0,"Jan 26, 2010"
9,"Another great album from the Lostprophets. The Betrayed shows the different musical styles of the band in one album. The first half is perfect but a couple of songs in the second half seem 'filler'. Nevertheless, The Betrayed is definitely a brilliant album 9/10.",0,0,"Nov  9, 2010"
8,"A gritty powerful album from Lostprophets. With the heavy edge of Thefakesoundofpropgress combined with the ambition of Start Something and the poppy sing-along side of Liberation Transmission. After 1 listen you have the 'meh' effect, but after 3 or 4 listens, you will find yourself continually coming back for more.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2010"
8,"The Betrayed has a much darker sound than their 2006 effort Liberation Transmission. A lot of people where expecting a another Liberation Transmission with catchy more pop based songs, instead they got more intense and heavier songs, for example Dstryr / Dstryr and Next Stop Atro City. This in my opinion made this album a great follow up to such a big album.",0,0,"Apr  4, 2012"
2,"So back when I was younger I would listen to Mudvayne every now and again, however, I stopped and figured they broke up and the numetal era was over, to my surprise 8 years later I see they have a new album (I know they have had a few over the years). I thought it'd be pretty hilarious to give it a listen. Oh boy, this is just bad, nothing creative about it, nothing new. They should just go away.",0,1,"Dec 30, 2009"
9,"This album rocked. Best i've heard from mudvayne so far.",0,0,"Jan  2, 2010"
7,"A little bit more like LD and Lost and Found. After hearing it a couple of times it really starts to grow on you. The chorus sections seem to be the most interesting parts of this album. The vocals seem to have a few changes in them compared to the older albums. On the downside the songs seem a little disjointed. The clean riffs in the songs seem a bit simplistic. While not as good as The End of All Things, mudvayne fans will find alot to like. It however will not earn to many new converts.",0,0,"Jan  1, 2010"
10,"This is Mudvayne's best since EOATTC, and although Dead inside sucks, everything else seems like a throwback to the old! i have listened to nothing but this album since buying it. in fact, I'm listening to it right now, because i just can't get enough!",0,0,"Jan  4, 2010"
7,"For a Mudvayne album, its very well put together, and a HUGE step in the right direction after 'The New Game!'",0,0,"Dec 30, 2009"
7,"They tried to do a summary of their whole career as mudvayne band. I can say they did an album at the same level that their previous albums. Maybe it is missing some of passion at the integrity of the album",0,0,"Jun 28, 2014"
8,"Pretty solid.",0,0,"Nov 30, 2009"
10,"Great album, a must listen for any flyleaf fans.",0,0,"Nov 24, 2009"
10,"This album definitely seems better than the first album to me. There are a few songs that i could do without, but on the whole it is a very respectable release. I've found myself listening to a few of the songs on repeat, just letting them get under my skin, notably 'Arise,' where the lyrics just seemed to ring true to me. It's very much like she was saying what i couldn't. My only complaint is that they should've had this ready earlier... Here's to not having to wait so long for the next great release.",0,0,"Nov 29, 2009"
8,"Lacey's passion could have kept the titanic afloat. The songs and music vary from good to excellent. Every song on the album gets a real emotional kick from Lacey, who's emotional energy never drifts below maximum setting.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2009"
9,"A real step up from their first album, and some of the best alternative rock out there. It's noticeably more Christian-inspired than their debut album, but also boasts some of the best lyrics and depth this side of rock music. Definitely a buy for all alternative rock and Flyleaf fans.",0,0,"Nov 28, 2009"
10,"Flyleaf's Memento Mori album is obviously better than their previous one. Lacey's vocals are extremely powerful and their songs are so deep... You can easily get addicted more and more every single time... Best tracks: Again, Missing, Set Apart This Dream, Tiny Heart, Circle, Arise, and last but not least Break Your Knees... Enjoy! ^_^",0,0,"Oct  3, 2012"
9,"A beautifully constructed sophomore album from Flyleaf that mixes its soft melodies and heavy guitar riffs along with Lacey Sturm's angelic voice make for a great album with an incredible message to tell.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2013"
2,"Another rubbish album from Slayer these guys should retire i did like some songs on Christ illusion after repeated listens as it had a number of catchy riffs but this nothing here floats my boat.",0,2,"Nov  6, 2009"
0,"Absolutely terrible. Slayer has failed. Again.",0,2,"Nov  6, 2009"
10,"One of their best albums and an improvement over Christ Illusion.  Prue aggression and metal shineyness from start to finish certainly can't be a bad thing.",0,1,"May 10, 2011"
10,"great album! slayer proves that they still got it! they haven't lost a beat since reign in blood which was their best album by far! when it comes to modern day thrash slayer is simply the best hands down! i knew i would like this album when i heard psychopathy red back in April of 2009 way before this album even came out!",0,1,"Jun 10, 2011"
9,"Brilliant!",0,0,"Nov  6, 2009"
7,"Rick Rubin is so talented. Listen to 'World Painted Blood'. That song is awesome.",0,0,"Nov 11, 2009"
10,"This album is both fascinating and exhilerating. i loved it. My favorite track is not of this god. awesome song. The title track is great as well . Great job SLAYA!",0,0,"Nov 21, 2009"
9,"SLAYER!!! This is pure Slayer--as good or better than Christ Illusion. They are still fierce and they sound terrific. Spin's review is moronic and plum lame (e.g. 'rigid polkacore hopscotch'? Really?).",0,0,"Nov  6, 2009"
10,"About damn time we get some real thrash. Slayer to hater about them playing the same stuff- DONT LISTEN!!!",0,0,"Nov  7, 2009"
9,"Maybe one song on here that doesn't agree with me 100%, but Slayer still has it. With Dave Lombardo back in the fold on drums, this album absolutely kills it!",0,0,"Dec  1, 2009"
10,"No question, the best metal album of the year. After 25+ years defining thrash metal Slayer show the kids how it's done. Another classic to add to their legacy.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2009"
9,"What are you guys complaining about. Gets better and better each listen. Slayer produce again. Metallica can only dream of former glories.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2009"
8,"Ive noticed a lot of people that aren't Slayer fans feel compelled to post comments about their albums when they are released. Whats the point? if you don't like Slayer you don't like them. end of story. If you do like Slayer then you will like World Painted Blood. Best album since Seasons and in my top 5 Slayer Albums.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2009"
10,"This album is incredible. Not a bad song on it. I wanted to listen to it in the car for a couple weeks before voting. The album gets better with every listen. Some of the standout tracks are: Snuff, Not of this God, Unot 731 and Beauty through order. The drumbeats , fast guitars and punk oriented basslines are so intense and riveting and exciting. Best Slayer album since reign in blood.",0,0,"Nov 21, 2009"
10,"This was Slayers best work since Seasons in the Abyss. I've listened to it about a thousand time and i still think it's a great album with some awesome materiel.",0,0,"Nov 24, 2009"
10,"Best Metal album of 2009, Not a bad song on it. My favorite tracks are: playing with dolls, title track, unit 731, hate world wide and snuff. This album is very well done and proves Slayer are still the bst Thrash metal band ever.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2009"
10,"This album embodies what Slayer is all about, and adds some cool new sounds that give it a nice eerie, menacing sound like I've never heard before. Lyrics are solid as well; it's overall highly polished and very powerful. If I had to rank the Slayer albums, it would definitely be up there with South of Heaven and Seasons. Definitely recommend for any Slayer fan or anyone who's into metal.",0,0,"Nov 11, 2009"
9,"If you like Slayer, this album has everything your black heart desires. If you don't like Slayer, why the hell are you listening to this?",0,0,"Nov 12, 2009"
7,"It's clearly not the best Slayer album I've ever heard, but they are still rocking hard - unlike the other 'big 4' from the early 80s who are not so watered down and tired in their approach.",0,0,"Aug 20, 2010"
8,"Once again Slayer puts out an album that doesn't lose it's guts for a second. Their hate spreads along another album. Die hard fans will love it and even new fans who want aggressive fast paced in your face lyrics will fall in love with this album. These guys are metal legends and this is just another notch in the belt.",0,0,"Sep 19, 2010"
7,"World Painted Blood is one hell of an album. Kerry King and Jeff Hanneman have once again managed to write some **** riffs and songs World Painted Blood, Unit 731, Beauty Through Order, Hate Worldwide and Playing With Dolls have to be this album's highlights. It seems like this time Slayer managed to write 2 songs that they will perform for sure on many of their lives even after the album's promo tour is over and these are World Painted Blood and Hate Worldwide. Overall the album has some awesome, evil riffness and you can expect many of the riffs and melodic parts of the guitar to be replaying in you head over and over again. Still, the quartet that is Slayer did not achieve making an album that would reach the epicness of Reign in Blood or Seasons in The Abyss. But i think what Slayer tried to do with this release is return back to their roots but not making it look too much with the old stuff. This release receives a 7 out of 10 for me.",0,0,"Sep  6, 2011"
9,"A very nice improvement from Slayer's 'Christ Illusion', (which was okay, but it lacked guitar and drum solos), with the potential to even rival against  the classic 1986's 'Reign In Blood'. This one is almost perfect, but other songs like 'Unit 731' and 'Snuff' drag it down a bit from being so. Its title song however is a milestone towards perfection, (though the music video is rather disturbing), and further songs like 'Beauty Through Order', 'Hate Worldwide', 'Americon', and 'Psychopathy Red' are all excellent as well. 'Not Of This God' ends the album nicely, and by the time the sound of  Lombardo's drum sticks comes, you will sigh with relief, and say to yourself, 'Slayer is still going as good as they ever were before'.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2012"
10,"This is the best Slayer album since Seasons in The Abyss. You can feel the old aggressive Slayer in this album. Fast, devastating and complex riffs are combining with old but brutal voice of Tom. All the songs are very good, old school thrash with high quality sound. Slayer fans must listen this brilliant piece of artwork. 10 out of 10",0,0,"Feb  8, 2014"
3,"Another album that will remind us how some bands can make Rock music really boring, spiritless and unimaginative.",0,2,"Nov 15, 2009"
7,"Solid second serving from Wolfmother. They don't re-invent the wheel, and a lot of snobby critics can't seem to get past that. But if you actually listen to the record, you will be pleasantly surprised. Classic rockers please more than ever: 'California Queen,' 'Sundial' and 'Pilgrim'. 'In the castle' and 'Phoenix' are deliciously psychedelic and chaotic. Be sure to pick up the delux edition. 'caroline' may just be the best song stockdale has ever written. Would be great to see Stockdale really branch out and diversify on the next record. O yeah the 3 new members kick ass too.",0,0,"Oct 27, 2009"
8,"New band, again rocking hard!",0,0,"Oct 26, 2009"
7,"Good album all around. not the best, not the worst. not bad for a totally new band. three new members have added a good touch, though i miss the original vibe.",0,0,"Oct 30, 2009"
5,"Between the few memorable songs this record is dripping with fillers. With high anticipations after the strong debut, it's hard not to get gravely disappointed with this one.",0,0,"Jan 25, 2010"
8,"This album is not so great than first one, but pleases me and is such a pleasure to know this guys, long life Wolfmother.",0,0,"Feb  3, 2010"
10,"Freakin' awesome!!! Better than Vegamite!!!!",0,0,"Oct 26, 2009"
7,"1. California Queen - weak vocals, great guitar 2. New Moon Rising - vocals good, lyrics a bit repetitive, guitar great 3. White Feather - first song on CD with a new sound, loved it, did just enough to get me excited 4. Sundial - intro, weak then explodes into awesomeness, the song follows suit, weak builds to awesome, back to weak then to awesome 5. In the Morning - vocals a bit too polished, too produced. As always, guitar rocks. A slight taste of white unicorn in the middle. 6. 10.000 feet - sounds like that Motocycle Club CD. A decent, not good try at darker psychadelic rock. Faint layering of guitar in middle DOES NOT work. The 3 min. mark to end sounds superb. 7. Cosmic Egg - slow going beginning still sounds great. The distorted guitar works well, good song, kind of reminds me of something I'd tune out though. Solo is pretty standard, kind of weak really. Keyboards! Done well but not the same oomph as before. 8. Far away - weird intro. Kind of No Doubtish, more Aquaduct-ish. Rock ballad? Kind of Sister Christian. Boarderline changing tune. But wait! at 2 min mark song redeams itself. Catchy guitar. Definitely rock ballad. Shrill thing kind of annoying. A piano???? Where did that come from? 9. Pilgrim - Like it, very Beatles at the chorus, the song could hit a little harder. Wait! 2:50 mark . . . finally!!!!! Wolfmother!!!! Got the chills. Damn, then the Beatles chorus ruins it. Then Redemption!!! Wolfmother! Chills! 10. In the Castle - keyboards, nice. WOLFMOTHER! Finally hitting hard. Guitar is a knife. Drums finally arrive. And just when you think it's done . . . WOLFMOTHER! Didnt even notice is was nearly 6 min long. 11. Phoenix - I could see myself falling in love with this song after I hear it a few times. Right now, it's just OK. A little long for it's own good. First time I've thought 'OK get on with it.' 12. Violence of the Sun - wtf is this intro? It's like 1980s easy listening. Kind of like it though. It's morphing into rock of course. I bet this is a test of Stockdales at a rock opera. A much different sound than I'm used to from Wolfmother.",0,0,"Oct 27, 2009"
10,"Purchased the Delux Edition of the album and have been thoroughly entertained and amazed from start to finish... Listened to the complete album about four times now.",0,0,"Oct 27, 2009"
7,"Some songs suck. but about four or five shred and are beautiful (esp. 'white feather' and 'phoenix'). i like those much much much more than their earlier more garagey/post-punk stuff. imo, music should make you want to have sex and feel like you're already having sex. it should make you want to drive fast. rock is not sassy. it's not a source of social insight. it's entertainment. a good rock song should give you a rush like looking at megan fox gives you a rush. if you want intelligence and innovation, go read wittgenstein and richard dawkins. i like beck. beck is innovative and sometimes even soulful and searching. but he doesn't rock. nobody rocks anymore. audioslave rocks. i'm not a music person. i haven't paid much attention to music since Kid A (radiohead is an amazing creative smart band, but they don't rock), and, even then, i tend to associate with wall street types. i'm a gym rat who drinks pinot noir. wolfmother's guitarist can play. when a man can play heavy, he should play heavy. it is really refreshing to hear some music that shakes walls yet has some sweet glam sheen to its sound. smashing pumpkins were like that, but wolfmother's singer sounds much better and their music has far more propulsion (finally a decent drummer). this isn't groundbreaking music, but it rocks. and it's more important to rock than to be hip, creative, and relevant.",0,0,"Dec 21, 2009"
9,"Really cohesive as an album and a complementary punch in the gut to the 1st album's punch in the face!",0,0,"Oct 28, 2009"
9,"If Black Sabbath and Deep Purple had a love child, this would be their moody adolescent offspring. Tons of music for your money; some tracks are great, all are worth listening to.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2009"
10,"With albums like this there is still hope for the future of Rock. An amazingly mature and superbly produced album. Many tracks are 'familiar' but still original. All the best of classic rock themes, with none of the crap. Stockdale was obviously the heart, soul and main talent of Wolfmother 1, but with the new line-up the band is tighter more cohesive, with just the right touches of Progressive Rock thrown in. This album is epic and the best of anything produced anywhere in the world today. As for being called commercial pop, those critics obviously have cloth ears or just haven't listened to it. Buy it . It will be a classic album of the future..NO QUESTION! Oh, and turn it up to 11.",0,0,"Nov 25, 2009"
10,"At first it doesnt sound brilliant, but it turns out to be pretty good. Oh and its pretty funny how the only person who rated this low is named MikP obviously a brainwashed fanboy who rates things without listening to them and just follow what Patton says blindly.",0,0,"Jan  5, 2011"
5,"As a follow up this album really does lack. Although there are certain tracks that remind you why you love Wolfmother (Cosmic Egg , 10,000 Feet) personally i just think the whole album seems abit bland, and drowned in noise, it's more like a collection of B-Sides that were not used for a reason. All in all, disappointing - but still worth adding to your collection.",0,0,"Feb 20, 2011"
8,".Cosmic Egg is a great follow up to Wolfmother's debut album. Andrew Stockdale is promising. The whole band is awesome. They always remind me of great bands, especially Led Zep. The album as a whole is cool. Eyes Open, Back Round and Violence Of The Sun are not that good, for me. Aside from those songs, the album is awesome. It's not creative or innovating but it is acclaimed as a classic awesome rock album. I especially enjoy New Moon Rising, Sundial, 10000 Feet and In The Morning. It is great.",0,0,"Apr  5, 2013"
10,"Yea seriously this album is incredible if your a true metal fan. I saw them live in October, they were insane, and the singer had bronchitis. That's besides, all metal fans need to hear Swim to the Moon in its entirety. Totally brilliant!!!!",2,2,"Jan 20, 2010"
10,"Don't ever listen to the critics when it comes to music. Although it's not as good as colors in my opinion, it's still better than almost anything else. If you like Progressive/Technical metal, listen to this!",2,2,"Dec 15, 2009"
1,"Emo's trying to be metal. We all know that results in failure. Anyway, I gave it one point since the production was actually good this time (unlike their last bad albums).",0,12,"Dec 24, 2009"
8,"Technical showmanship is incredible. songs a are bit lengthy but overall sweetness. Must like metal to enjoy.",0,0,"Dec 30, 2009"
9,"Memorable riffs, masterful solos, profund lyrics. Psycadelic, brutal, epic, etc. Alternative Press - just call it a day... your journalists need to go to school.",0,0,"Dec  8, 2009"
7,"I have to agree with AP on this one. The songs are technical, and well performed, there is no question of that. However, the songs are forgettable. They are expanding their sound greatly, but perhaps too much focus is put on change and not enough on actual songwriting.",0,0,"Dec  8, 2009"
9,"This album is not for everybody, but that doesn't mean it isn't brilliant. You will never hear anything like this music outside of BTBAM and any fan of ambitious and technical music will adore it.",0,0,"Jan 13, 2010"
9,"The critics are morons! What album did they listen to? This is one of the most unique, well written and skillfully played albums in recent memory. Are these the same critics that enjoy Adam Lambert? Screw those hippies! Buy this record!!!!",0,0,"Dec  7, 2009"
10,"Absolutely great album! I agree with Matthew E, what were these critics listening to? Amazing album from beginning to end. Same caliber as Colors and Alaska.",0,0,"Dec 13, 2009"
9,"This record is another piece from Between the Buried and Me that should be remember and replayed numerous times. The album opens up with 'Mirrors' which begins softly just like their other album 'Colors'. It is an easy listen and provides a great introduction to their next track. The track that stood out to me the most was 'Fossil Genera: A Feed from Cloud Mountain'. The opening is a catch piano tune followed by a heavy guitar riff. When you first hear it your stomach turns inside out with excitement. When I first heard I thought that the piano driven metal was one of the coolest things I have ever heard. Later in the song it calms down and transitions to an acoustic guitar tune with clean vocals. This section of the song is very soothing and leads to a very nice guitar solo. Then the ending arrives and it is a wall of sound that is hard to forget. The entire song is unforgettable and one of the most listened to songs on my iPod. The lowest point on the album for me is the final track, 'Swim to the Moon'. Throughout the entire song I had the feeling that they were just trying to hard. There was guitar solos and drum solos all around, and there were clean vocal sections that just weren't all that memorable. Another downside is that the track is 17 minutes long. This is usually the only track on the album I ever skip. Other than the last track the album is truly innovative and an unbelievable listen. Between the Buried and Me is a band that is constantly innovating and trying new things. While it may not be their strongest record, there is enough great material here to count it in as another epic peace from a band that really knows what they are doing.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2010"
6,"I would definitely agree on the title of this album after the juggernaut releases of 'Alaska' and 'Colors'. I was mildly disappointed in this album the way a fat guy realizes hes been eating sugar free gravy. Musically, they always show up, but it also sounds like they are trying to hard to please art school girls. You arent Tom Waits. Stick to metal.",0,0,"Oct 11, 2010"
10,"This album is a masterpiece. Even their country song has me hooked, and the 20 minute long epic that is swim to the moon never fails to enthrall me.  This is original music. You can't just put this into a genre since it goes all over the place, and you certainly can't judge the album based around 1 song. Let it play all the way through and take it all in. It's the only way.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2012"
9,"This album is a roller coaster of awesome, and shows what brilliant guys the members of this band are. Album is not perfect, but pretty damn close to being perfect.",0,0,"Aug  7, 2011"
8,"Honestly, it's a great album, but if Colors and Parallax II are perfect 10's, this can't be. The music and composition is up to my lofty standards for this band, but outside of Swim to the Moon and Fossil Genera, there's significantly less inspiration and emotion in The Great Misdirect than the very best of Between the Buried and Me. This album is still head and shoulders above much of the rest of music, but it's just not BtBaM's best.",0,0,"Mar  7, 2013"
10,"Awesome album. Not the biggest metal fan out there, I merely dabble. This album, however, remained in my car player for the better part of (coming on) two months. At points I feel like I'm listening to a Pink Floyd song, moments later I remember 'Thats right! Sludge metal, not classic rock!'",0,0,"Nov 30, 2009"
10,"Masterpiece!",0,0,"Oct 19, 2009"
10,"Beautiful, epic release from start to finish and start again.",0,0,"Dec  1, 2009"
10,"One of the year's best!",0,0,"Nov 13, 2009"
9,"in so many words, this is Mastodon lite. Which is still pretty freaking fantastic.",0,0,"Oct 16, 2009"
8,"A more contemplative record than their first, but rewarding in the long run, if not immediately in places. The interludes are forgettable, but help the overall feeling of cohesion that many felt 'Red Album' lacked. Definitely a step forward for the band. Highly Recommended.",0,0,"Oct 19, 2009"
10,"Best album of the year, hands down.",0,0,"Oct 19, 2009"
8,"A solid effort. An absolutely enjoyable adventure from start to finish.",0,0,"Oct 19, 2009"
8,"This is a solid album from start to finish. Swollen and Halo immediately resonates with the imagination, and Jake Leg is a creative punch to the face a la Melvins. This is a remarkable band.",0,0,"Oct 21, 2009"
10,"I can't stop listening to this and Red Album. Always together, a lot of the same, but it's GOOD same. I can never listen to one album without instantly wanting to listen to the other because I crave more of their music.",0,0,"Nov 25, 2009"
10,"I don't normally vote on this site but this album deserves high praise. I was in need of an album with some punch and this album has it.",0,0,"Nov 30, 2009"
6,"Poor song-writing damages what could have a been a fine album.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2009"
9,"Great album. I'm wondering why Metacritic won't pick up one more review of it so it will qualify for the Best Of 2009 list? They've been sitting at 6 reviews for awhile, and there are other reviews out there that could be referenced.",0,0,"Nov 19, 2009"
10,"My favourite Baroness album. Defiantly give it a listen if you enjoy metal of any sorts. Every single song is amazing, I wish more artists could pump out content like this.",0,0,"Sep 13, 2012"
10,"This album is unbelievable. I am not a big metal fan at all, I typically dislike the hardcore vocals of most bands; however, Baroness has managed to make their vocals fit in perfectly with their music along with the beautifully composed music. Listening through the album in its proper order and progression also adds to the epic nature of the album. It is one of my favorite albums ever.",0,0,"Jun 29, 2011"
7,"I like this cd. It is what the 80's bands would have been if if they started now.",0,0,"Jan  3, 2010"
10,"Vulgar yet funny...out of control yet funny.....mildly soulful but funny.",0,0,"Nov 16, 2009"
9,"Ignore NME - they always talk crap anyway. Dead funny and really enjoyable!",0,0,"Jun 18, 2010"
4,"About twenty minutes of this cliched and self indulgent garbage was all I could stomach.",0,0,"Jun 15, 2010"
10,"Alllright! Yeaaahhh! m/ Feel the Steel ROCKS! THE SHOCKER!",0,0,"Oct 13, 2009"
10,"seriously, a great album. highly recommend.",0,0,"Nov 30, 2009"
10,"If you asked someone why they didn't like this, they'd probably say 'The jokes are crude, they're just a parody band' Forget that. The melodies are catchy, the music is well performed. And it has one thing that a lot of rock music lacks today, you can sing along to it! Have you ever listened to Ratt, Warrant, Motley Crue, Danger Danger, or Poison? If you have, and you like them, then you can't go wrong with this band.",0,0,"Nov 12, 2011"
10,"Steel Panther maybe the Motley Crue on crack, but their major-label debut is definitely a record you would want to listen to again and again until either your eardrums get numb or until you're just plain old sick and tired of listening to the record!!!!",0,0,"Feb  4, 2013"
7,"Steel Panther have come up with a vulgar yet hilarious album that is a guilty pleasure to sing along with. Starr writes out of control lyrics about drugs and girls, Satchel writes the best riffs to go with them.",0,0,"Dec 12, 2013"
8,"By far the band's funniest album to date. Think 80s glam metal e.g. Crue, Ratt, Poison, but with less subtle lyrics. Sure, some of the lyrics may be a little too silly for some people's tastes, but the excellent musicianship displayed throughout is sure to win them over anyway.",0,0,"Apr 20, 2016"
10,"Yeah ... say what you want. But who would you rather be? You or GENE SIMMONS?Even being Peter Criss is better than being you. After all these years THEY ROCK!",0,1,"Aug 16, 2010"
0,"This album was hyped (by the band itself) as being the best album they have done in the last 30 years.  In my opinion this is, by far, the worst album in their entire catalog.  I rarely write a negative review but this one is so bad I think it's warranted.",0,3,"Jun  9, 2011"
10,"This lbum is great R U Nuts? I can't possibly thing a 2009 Kiss lbum sounding any better than this, they also included a re-recorded classics lbum that sound even better than the originals on a loud, modern system. Pure gold!",0,1,"Nov 11, 2014"
8,"Sonic Boom is a Big Comeback Album for KISS and it sounds alot like thier eariler Albums from Early in thier Carrer i think this is a Must Hear Album and it definatly will Satisfy The Older Generation of Kiss Fans and The Newer.  With Good Songs Like When Lightning Strikes, Hot and Cold, and All For The Glory this makes the Album Complete and it Sounds Great. I Am Proud to Announce KISS is Back!",0,0,"Aug 18, 2011"
10,"Sonic Boom is not something new. Is pure Rock. And it works, because its songs are awesome. Not the best Kiss album, obviously, but yes one of the most important ones. Songs that perfectly work,  with great riffs and voice-lines, with a classic and both modern sound on the guitars, that makes you feel like if you were at the 70's at the same time you're listen to a 2000's album. There are songs that are, in my opinion, better that other ones at the album, but the definitive result is that this is a recent masterpiece, how Rock have to be done. You don't need something really difficult, only two guitars, a bass, drums, and a great talent of compose direct songs, with this spirit and melody that you can't describe how but it catch you. The same history, but that it still really works, like AC/DC, or Classic Hard Rock bands.",0,0,"Nov  8, 2011"
8,"Honestly I admit that I expected something worse from Sonic Boom. Usually bands which haven't released anything for years and decide to try again can't go back to the 'golden years' (Guns N Roses, Van Halen), but this album is very good. Songs like Modern Day Delilah and Say Yeah are exactly what I want from KISS.",0,0,"Oct 18, 2012"
3,"Sonic Boom is extremely dissapointing. Gene Simmons' songs are usually weak. He's done it again. I've enjoyed Modern Day Delilah, All For the Glory and Say Yeah, but the rest of the album is weak. It's awful, but they've done worst (Music From the Elder; Animalize; Asylum; etc.). I think Destroyer is their only awesome album, from top to bottom. Sonic Boom is far from being close to Destroyer.",0,0,"Apr  2, 2013"
9,"I'm An Animal.  a nica ruim do disco na verdade ela  pssima,mas ainda bem que s  ela que ruim ento claro que uma msica no compromete o lbum inteiro.
Agora vamos parar de falar da parte ruim,e vamos falar da boa bem, o resto,as 10 msicas so a parte boa,Excelente lbum!!!,Kiss ressurge depois de 11 anos com um novo lbum Sonic Boom o primeiro desde Psycho Circus 1998,e chega com tudo.
Top 5 Sonic Boom 2009
1-Say Yeah
2-Stand
3-Modern Day Delilah
4-All For The Glory
5-Never Enough",0,0,"Jan 15, 2015"
9,"This is one of the strongest album Kiss has released since their 1992 ,'Revenge',
The songs on this album are held together nicely and it is musically very strong. This album has the heavy moments of Creatures of the Night and Revenge. It also contains the cowbell 70's music of their debut album and later albums and also has many new and interesting songs that many have heard before. The second disc named ,'Kiss Klassics' has strong re-records of their old classics and and have a tight and strong new sound that is one of a kind!
They can still do it after 40 years!",0,0,"Dec 23, 2013"
5,"I refused to believe in the hype. I knew this wasn't going to be the 'best KISS album in 30 years', however the promise of an happy band coming off a tour and into the studio excited me. I thought Paul producing was a plus. I thought this one would be a solid to good KISS album and would have been thrilled with that. But like a lot of Gene's & KISS' pronouncements of recent years (New costumes? New Stageshow? Neither looks too new to me fellas) it promises much, but under delivers. I've listened to this album in the car, in the shower, at home, on my iPod thingy, on my PC, loud and soft, to work, from work, long drives and short, in order and random, but it's just not there. Sigh. Look, I didn't get Live to Win either with it's sugary production, soft guitars and saccharine lyrics. It was so sweet and girly it made my teeth hurt, but in retrospect it does show where Paul is at as a producer and artist. So maybe it's me then, maybe I was expecting too much, maybe I've moved on, listening to Metallica and Motorhead and Motley Crue and Tesla and Iron Maiden, listening to these bands of my younger years that have progressed and grown whilst still staying heavy, which it seems KISS haven't on Sonic Boom. Or maybe in trying to capture that 70's sound, they've missed and captured 'old'.
So, on to Sonic Boom. Well it's all a bit... meh really. Sort of like Psycho Circus with the killer opening track that promises so much (Modern Day Delilah and Psycho Circus respectively) but has nothing really to follow it up. Bass sounds magnificent..magnificent i say!, but the guitars.... where are the damn guitars? Some guitars would have been nice. Song wise, this is probably Gene's best material since Creatures of the Night, but killer Paul songs (like the guitars) are absent from the proceedings. If you took the best parts of this, Psycho Circus, A$$hole and Live to Win, you'd have one great KISS album, but Sonic Boom on its own? One, MAYBE two songs you could picture them playing live but that's it, the rest is pretty much filler. Snore.
I always believed KISS had one more killer album in them, but this sure ain't it. 10/10? Nah, it's middle of the road, it's not good, it's not bad, it's Asylum not Creatures of the Night, it's Unmasked, not Destroyer, it's Music From The Elder, not Revenge. It's not a terrible album, its just... meh. . 5/10. Maybe next time hey?
Oh and 'Danger you, Danger me, Danger us'? Are you kidding with that or what?",0,0,"Mar  4, 2014"
9,"6 imbecis ;;;;;;;;;;..............................................................................................................................................",0,0,"Jul 13, 2015"
9,"Infelizmente s no leva um 10 pela porcaria chamada I'm an Animal Gene Simmons sempre apronta,pelo menos ele no pecou nas outras como Russian Roulette,Yes I Know (Nobody's Perfect),Hot and Cold e When Lightning Strikes... J Paul Stanley dificilmente peca nas msicas neste fez excelentes msicas como Modern Day Delilah,Never Enough,Stand,All for the Glory,Danger Us e Say Yeah... Kiss Rocks!!!!",0,0,"Oct 21, 2015"
9,"UHUULLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL grande viagem no mundo rock'nnn rool,Kiss voltou super triunfante,fora I'm An Animal que  uma merda p.s (gene simmons sempre faz uma porcaria de 'msica' em todos os lbuns do kiss). O lbum  arrasador excelente.",0,0,"Jul 20, 2015"
4,"They said it was going to be a great album!!! They said!! They ruined I Was Made For Lovin' You, Lick It Up, Love Gun and Rock And Roll All Nite, just to name a few. I must say Gene sounds as good as always in I Love It Loud. But this album is a big disappointment. They shouldn't have forced their classics to get more attention.",0,0,"Feb  9, 2016"
9,"..................................................................................................................................................................A Great album",0,0,"Apr  4, 2016"
9,"................................................................................................................................................................GREAT Album AND **** You!!!!!! Critic of Q MAGAZINE....",0,0,"May 11, 2016"
9,"Incredible return by one of the kings of grunge music. The 14 year layoff was worth the wait with this original bone jarring album that will hit you right in the gut. The late rock legend Layne staley is replaced with William Duvall who brings his own edge to the band. Cantrell is back with his intense sincere solos and rhythm guitar. Cantrell sings as much in this album as any Alice in Chains album as Duvall is eased into the role of the new lead singer for fans. Highlights include private hell, acid bubble, and a looking in view. The feel of the band has evolved from the heroin addiction they faced in the 90's to a more developed controlled sound that unleashes its fiery on you like a tornado.",4,4,"Jan 16, 2011"
5,"This record needs a bit more meat, because too much of it is filler and too much of it consists of these droney, whinny songs. Past albums were always dark but had this quirky life and energy to them. Songs like 'Private Hell' 'Take Her Out' and 'Acid Bubble', just sludge on and go nowhere fast. And I would have loved this record so much more if you could actually, you know, HEAR Duvall on more then 30% of it. Even on Acid Bubble, which Duvall carries VERY well live, Cantrell has to have the prominent voice. What a prick. Cantrell, you had your solo trips, now truely harmonize like AIC used to do so well and make AIC a bit more distinct from your solo stuff. Do you know what this record sounding mostly like Degredation Trip #3 is? A hack job so you can actually sell some records. Well, it appears to be working.",1,2,"Oct 22, 2009"
10,"You can't judge the Jerry. He wanna make some music and sell some records. He used the 'Alice in Chains' name for selling records. OK, I know, it's not Alice in Chains anymore, but that doesn't mean this album is sh*t. It's a very good album, out of my expectations..",1,2,"Jan  3, 2012"
6,"Heavy, grimy, depressing, and thundering, guaranteed to make the listener reconsider suicide. Alice In Chains does it well but the impact is marred by a lack of energy, complimented by stale vocal performances, which makes the album a chore to listen to instead of an enjoyment. Not recommended for first-time AIC listeners.",0,1,"Dec 20, 2009"
5,"I LOVE Alice in Chains, but this is a pretty mediocre record. It's not just the absence of Layne's great voice. It's that the album feels incoherent. Some songs are the gloomy sludge metal dirges Alice are famous for, others are the softer ballads present on their between album EP's. Jerry's songwriting chops also aren't as sharp as they used to be.",0,3,"Sep  4, 2010"
10,"Great AIC album with no qualifications whatsoever about new vocalist, after so many years etc etc; just loving it!!!",0,0,"Oct  1, 2009"
9,"Unexpectedly great record. A real pleasant surprise from one of my favorite bands of the 90's.",0,0,"Oct  1, 2009"
9,"Layne Staley will never be replaced but his CD sounds fantastic. I've seen the band live with DuVall and it was a fantastic performance.",0,0,"Oct  1, 2009"
9,"I think that all the critics are expecting a 'Back in Black' type album and some of their reviews are really just disappointment that it wasn't. 'Black Gives Way To Blue' is a good album, every bit as good as the last studio album, 'Alice In Chains'. DuVall is a great addition to the band, not quite Layne but a good singer. What always amazed me about the band is the harmonizing, Give it a couple of listens, it will grow on you. Maybe in need to check my brain.",0,0,"Oct  1, 2009"
9,"Well it's for the better than the worst the lead singer the perfect replacement for layne, music wise it takes 3 to 4 spins in your cd player to get the feel for it . it grows on you the more you listen to it.",0,0,"Oct 20, 2009"
7,"Good not great. a couple more standout tracks and it would have been awesome.",0,0,"Oct  2, 2009"
8,"Wow, what a surprise!! I have hit the teenage years at the grunge",0,0,"Oct  9, 2009"
9,"Love it! Almost perfect",0,0,"Oct  1, 2009"
10,"AIC is amazing. I am so glad they came out with this rocking album. I would definitely recommend it to anyone. It is near flawless!",0,0,"Oct  1, 2009"
9,"Well, I'm a fan of AiC, and the first thing I said when I heard the rumors about new album was, well Layne that's how much you mean to them, but after I heard the record I was like......WHAT THE HELL IS THIS, this sounds so good and this guys are back on track! But still there is the LAYNE factor, no matter how good is William he will never replace Layne, I can just imagine how this songs would've sounded with him.I can't go through the fact that this sounds pretty much like Jerry's single records but with William's back up vocals, for the future if there are any new AiC records, I'd like to hear William in the front, as it was with Layne.",0,0,"Oct 11, 2009"
10,"I'm not saying that this is a perfect CD but considering I didn't they should have even bothered, it is a great addition to their catalog! Dirt is still their 'masterpiece' but they don't lose a step with this effort. Layne Staley could never be replaced although Duvall's voice blends just as nicely with Cantrell's and is different enough to give him a unique quality. Superb comeback!",0,0,"Oct  1, 2009"
10,"I must admit to being extremely skeptical when I heard Alice In Chains where reforming. Especially after all the vitriol towards William DuVall on many a forum and YouTube. I thought I would trust Jerry Cantrells judgement and give this a chance. I mean, who knew Layne like Jerry did? To say I am not disappointed is an understatement. The album is awesome. DuVall is awesome, not quite Layne Staley, but who is. His performance in the band Mad Season proves that. So the fact William DuVall nearly reaches those heights shows that he is a vocalist of great quality. The songs range from dark and moody, typical AIC, to heart rendering ballads, a beautiful tribute to Layne. Buy this album. Don't be close minded. Only AC/DC managed such an epic return after the death of their lead singer, Bonn Scott, with Brian Johnson and Back in Black. Layne would be proud.",0,0,"Oct  1, 2009"
10,"Amazing",0,0,"Nov 20, 2009"
8,"I love AiC. I like them the best in Facelift. This album was amazing but to me had some things left to be desired. It sounds a lot like Jerry's solo albums. I feel like Sean should've stuck out more. All that aside, DuVall did not disappoint and sounds a lot like Layne but should have had less support from Jerry to really make it the AIC sound I enjoyed so much in Facelift.",0,0,"Nov  4, 2009"
8,"Really surprised as to how good this album sounds! Even without Layne Staley, Jerry Cantrell and gang have put together a remarkable album, and anyone who says that it sounds like any of the previous solo records by Jerry needs to get his/her brain waxed and bleached. They've definitely evolved a bit, with some heavier eastern influences (When the Sun Rose Again) and less dependence on wailing guitar solos (and I use the word 'less' pretty loosely) but the core music is still the classic dark, eerie and ethereal Alice in Chains we have come to know and love, which of course what it all boils down to. Great stuff! Oh also, they have not compromised their sound for a wider and more contemporary audience and all that BS. Cheers.",0,0,"Oct  1, 2009"
8,"I was probably the biggest Layne fan out there and I have to say Duvall does a solid job as a replacement. I actually wish Duvall was more present singing on some of the songs because he does have a nice voice. Anyone who doesn't listen just because Layne isn't around is making a mistake because it has the same feel that you would expect. Go Chains! And R.I.P. Layne.",0,0,"Oct  1, 2009"
8,"I'm loving this album. So glad they're back to make music again I just picked it up and I was certainly not let down!",0,0,"Oct  2, 2009"
10,"Another underrated album from an underrated band. Alice in Chains will never get the proper recognition they deserve.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2009"
8,"There is a lot of old AIC in this new cd so most fans will have no problem picking it up and nodding right along with it. By far not there best work but not forgettable in the least more than worth a listen. The Crunchy churning guitar riffs are there just like they should be. The vocals in places are eerily similar to Lane but never in a outright copying way. Highlights for me were 'All Secrets Known' and 'Acid Bubble'. with any luck they will putting music of this quality for years to come.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2009"
8,"There is a lot of old AIC in this new cd so most fans will have no problem picking it up and nodding right along with it. By far not there best work but not forgettable in the least more than worth a listen. The Crunchy churning guitar riffs are there just like they should be. The vocals in places are eerily similar to Lane but never in a outright copying way. Highlights for me were 'All Secrets Known' and 'Acid Bubble'. with any luck they will putting music of this quality for years to come.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2009"
10,"Duvall sounds great and the music is top notch. I was very weary of a new lead singer in AIC but this is the band we all grew up with and the band we all know. Some of these tracks will be labeled 'classics' in 10 years. Please buy this album.",0,0,"Oct  4, 2009"
9,"Great album. I definitely needed some new AIC material! Duvall does a great job. Hope to see more albums by the band!",0,0,"Oct  4, 2009"
10,"I can't imagine what the guys from Hot Press, Rollingstone and Spin were listening to. It wasn't the album I just heard.",0,0,"Sep 30, 2009"
9,"Great album! Typical AIC stuff. I like that very much.",0,0,"Jan 11, 2010"
9,"Once again the critics show themselves to be fools with no taste. This is a brilliant album that rivals anything with Layne. A little bit more mellow than their older work, but this isn't surprising since they're all into middle age. A must-buy.",0,0,"Jan 21, 2010"
9,"An excellent return to form, especially with everything that's happened, and the difference in time and the loss of Layne.",0,0,"Oct  1, 2009"
10,"This went above and beyond my expectations. I never thought I'd have these songs in the same playlist as all my other AIC, but I was wrong. It's dark and it's heavy, and although it doesn't have quite the haunting effect that only Layne could provide, it does the job well enough. My only real complaint about this album is that it lacks some of the creativity that could be found in their earlier work. The songs follow a simple pattern of verse, chorus, verse, chorus, Cantrell solo, verse, chorus, etc. and don't really build up to anything or stray away from that mold. Many of their classics took off in another direction and I think that's why they were so different and so much better than a lot of other music at the time. Still, I would give it a 9.5 overall, because I don't think I've enjoyed a new album this much since Lateralus by Tool.",0,0,"Oct  1, 2009"
9,"Black Gives Way To Blue shows how this band has stuck to their guns. The lyrics have sadness in them, but not as dark as previous albums. The sound, as always, is undeniably that of when Jerry Cantrell puts his pick to the strings of a guitar. William DuVall, with a strong voice in his own right, does a great job of stepping up...not looking to replace Layne Staley, but stepping up nonetheless. All-in-all, great to have them back on the field with other great (and original) alt-rockers Pearl Jam and The Smashing Pumpkins!",0,0,"Oct  1, 2009"
9,"Spin and Rolling Stone don't know what they're talking about; both lost credibility a long time ago. I don't even think Spin listened to the songs; Duvall sings lead on perhaps 2-3 tracks, at most-the rest are either harmonized with, or lead by, Jerry.",0,0,"Oct  1, 2009"
10,"After Layne died I thought that AIC was over. When I found out that they were putting another album out I about crapped my pants. This album was the first CD that I have bought in a long time. It was definitely worth the wait. I loved every single song. The song 'Black Gives Way To Blue' was one of my favorites. This album is a DEFINITE MUST HAVE!!! You'll thank me later.",0,0,"Oct  1, 2009"
9,"Brilliant ! Best album since Dirt.",0,0,"Oct  1, 2009"
9,"The new album is incredibly soulful. It is both musically and lyrically brilliant. If you are true AIC fan you should have already purchased this album and are reading the reviews just to see how it was received. 9/10 for me.",0,0,"Oct  2, 2009"
8,"Very good recording, great comeback. There is not one song that is weak, they are all of a high standard.",0,0,"Dec  1, 2009"
10,"This album is further evidence that these elitist critics have become so insulated by their criteria for 'good music' and desire to fetch readers for their bosses from the mass pool of 'big money' age demographics, that they've completely lost touch with reality.",0,0,"Oct 21, 2009"
8,"One of the best albums of 2009 hands down!",0,0,"Dec  6, 2009"
9,"I really loved this album, with the quality of music being so low at the moment and critics raving on about artists that will never be remembered like AIC will be, this is a great return and sadly it will just go under the rader because quality music isnt appreciated anymore by radio, mtv and critics alike.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2009"
9,"Spin and rollingstone have no clue what they are talking about.Awesome album. I never look to those magazines on advice regarding which albums I should buy, Pretentious is all I have to say about them.",0,0,"Oct  4, 2009"
8,"Excellent return, it is sad that Layne can't be around for it but life goes on. This is very much a Jerry Cantrell project, it has his trademark sound and feel all the way through. Some of the heavier songs tend to stray a bit but the more melodic tracks are beauties. Sometimes eerily beautiful as DuVall sounds just a bit too much like Layne on them!",0,0,"Oct  5, 2009"
8,"If you don't compare it having the band with Layne and are open minded about it. It is a solid rock album. It sounds like Alice and is a good listen. Duvall does a good job with the voice blend and the music sounds like old Alice. Worth the buy for sure.",0,0,"Sep 30, 2009"
9,"An amazing and stunning album that requires time to reveal itself to the listener, and a few more listens will no doubt make you appreciate it more.",0,0,"Oct 11, 2009"
9,"Wow, critics slam band. Reminds me of Stone Temple Pilots in their early days. Solid album from fans perspective.A couple weak filler songs but definitely a recommend.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2009"
9,"More dragging than most have hanging.",0,0,"Nov 26, 2009"
10,"Best album to be released in a very very very long time, I cannot stop listening to it, even if I try to, every single song on this album is beautiful and bursting with talent, a hard thing to come by today, this album can only be described in one word. Masterpiece.",0,0,"Oct 14, 2009"
10,"This album exceeds Jar of Flies. The vocals sound like Layne Staley, the songs have melody and punch and the guitars are thicker than ever. I'm on my 50th listen in the past two weeks. This record has just overtaken Oasis' Dig Out Your Soul as my top pick of the year.",0,0,"Nov  6, 2009"
9,"Love it love it. We saw Alice in Chains play in Paris last week and what really hit home was how well these new tracks mix with the old, keeping the style we know and love with some serious groove and soul brought by the FABULOUS new front man, and kudos to him for having the courage to step into such massive shoes. Alice in Chains were always all music and zero grunge attitude, just a bunch of guys who love what they do and this CD oozes that quality.",0,0,"Dec 11, 2009"
9,"I'm actually really, really surprised at how good this disc is. The first song is an instant AIC classic, great riffs, great vocals. This Duval guy has a perfect voice for AIC, very close to Layne's. I recommend this disc highly!",0,0,"Nov 15, 2009"
8,"Alice In Chains. One of the greatest bands i know.With the death of Layne Staley, the band haven't done a album in years.I personally think this was a definitely this was a great comeback album and show they still got their talented Jerry Cantrell as song writer and I think this album is great with their new singer William Duvall.Rip Layne",0,0,"Dec  1, 2010"
7,"The revival of one of the greatest bands of the grunge era returns with more ringing harmonies and guitar solos this time with new headman William Duvall. Although without the limitless and ultra-talented late-Layne Staley, the band continues to make great music with hits such as 'Your Decision,' 'Lesson Learned,' 'Private Hell,' 'Acid Bubble,' and many more. Guitar and vocalist Jerry Cantrell, as well as Sean Kinney and Mike Inez also return to continue the legacy and continuation of grunge in modern music.",0,0,"Jan  5, 2011"
9,"A great album for someone waiting for grunge to come back (Pearl Jam reissues don't count).  William Duvall is a worthy addition to the band.  'Check My Brain,' 'Your Decision,' and 'Black Gives Way to Blue' are all highlights.",0,0,"May 23, 2011"
10,"Surprisingly for some, this is probably the best AIC album. Every track has that special touch which makes every bridge or chorus irresistible, even for the non-fan, and positively not turning it into a cheap work in exchange. Jerry Cantrell shows again - and better than ever - why he's the most gifted songwriter and guitar hero from that rainy, unbelievable hometown. William DuVall is a blessing from the heavens and his strong presence in each required situation grants him nothing but admiration. There's no such 'roller coaster' feeling as you travel through the record, what I believe was some kind of 'regular irregularity' present in the previous releases.",0,0,"Dec  8, 2011"
10,"Great album, great band. Enough said.",0,0,"Jun 21, 2012"
8,"Black Gives Way to Blue is powerful, it uses its prominent bass to fantastic effect, every song has its qualities and it is an album that I regard highly. Some songs are absolutely fantastic, with All Secrets Known being probably the second best Alice in Chains songs Ive heard; but there are a few songs that dont keep up that fantastic quality, and there is a distinct lack of riffs. But the awesome songs along with everything else thats good about the record  from William Duval to its unique sound  makes it a great album. But maybe not quite as good as The Devil Put Dinosaurs Here.
82/100.",0,0,"Jan  6, 2016"
10,"Incredible return by AIC.  William DuVall is wonderful.  Great music and production.  Was very skeptical upon team returning after Layne Staley passed, but this group is here to stay.  My album of the year in rock for 2009.",0,0,"Jun 19, 2013"
10,"Other than the replacement of the junkie Layne Staley with William Duval (whose vocals are almost always overshadowed by Jerry Cantrell), this is classic AIC.  No complaints here.",0,0,"Mar 26, 2013"
10,"A terrific comeback album by the best grunge band of the 90s, Black Gives Way To Blue is heavier and has greater sludge influences than the earlier albums, but that just adds to the allure. It is the perfect mix of heavy tracks such as 'Check My Brain' and 'A Looking In View', and mellow ones such as 'Your Decision' and 'When The Sun Rose Again'. The title track is a heart-warming tribute to Layne Staley, who will remain in our hearts forever. Will DuVall is a fitting replacement and ensures that there is no decline in quality as far as the music is concerned. All in all, an amazing return. Grunge is back.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2013"
9,"It's always going to be a big challenge to replace a classic band member that was loved by the fans, and even more so to carry on releasing good quality albums and maintaining a level of success. However, Alice in Chains have succeeded in carrying on without fallen bandmate Layne Staley, reforming a few years after his tragic death and hiring vocalist/guitarist William DuVall to take his place in the band. Sure, it's easy to say that you can never really replace someone like Layne Staley, or that 'there's no Alice In Chains without Layne' but this album does nothing but great justice to the legacy of Alice in Chains. Nowhere will you find anything even potentially embarrassing, or anything that might tarnish their good name. This is a comeback that has been done properly.
Now, of course, aside from DuVall, the lineup consists of mainstays guitarist Jerry Cantrell and drummer Sean Kinney, as well as bassist Mike Inez, who joined during the band's original run, replacing original bassist Mike Starr (who, like Layne, is no longer with us today). DuVall fits into his role in the group seamlessly. Most of his vocals are shared with Cantrell, which is no problem at all. Cantrell has always had a strong voice which was becoming a more significant part of the band's sound even when Layne will still there, and also shone through in his solo work. The dual vocal style of the band adds more power and energy to the music overall.
This album maintains pretty much all of the trademark elements of the band's sound, including their dark, moody guitar riffs and their metal sensibility. They sound just as confident as they always have, and have no problem finding their feet even after their many years of dormancy (this is the band's first studio album in 14 years) some of the songs, especially 'All Secrets Known', 'Last of my Kind' and perhaps also 'Acid Bubble' remind me of the albums Dirt and their self titled, and wouldn't sound too out of place on either of those albums. I don't mean that in a bad way. They haven't ripped off those albums, but they sure still have the ability to write the same strong kind of stuff. 'All Secrets Known' for example, is slow moving but heavy, and carries a deterministic feel, which makes for a great album opener. 'Acid Bubble' is also slow, with a sinister feel and some slightly faster, heavier parts throughout.
Alice in Chains have never been a 'happy' band, but there's one fairly upbeat song on here named 'Check My Brain' which is also one of my favourite songs on the album. The guitars are crunchy and dominating, and the vocals and drums are strong enough to accompany them amidst the loudness. On the other end of the spectrum, there are plenty of melancholy, soft moments to be found on the album. While we are provided with many trademark dark songs, the more melancholy parts are a welcome change of pace, and it is because they are done so beautifully that they enhance the listening experience. 'Your Decision' is a sad and eerie mid-tempo song, with orchestral elements and passionately sung vocals. 'Private Hell' is a slower moving song, again with orchestral elements, that takes you on a 5 and a half minute journey of loneliness and despair, sending shivers down your spine.
The title track, which closes the album, provides a suitable final farewell to Layne. Drums are absent, and It features a guest appearance from Elton John on the piano, and creates a haunting atmosphere that sounds ghostly, almost like our lost loved ones are looking down on us from the afterlife. It's difficult for me to express how it makes the listener feel in this review. All I can say is please listen to this song, at least. It's one of the most moving pieces of music you will ever hear.
This album has a lot of standard Alice in Chains fare, but also plenty of surprises thrown in the mix to keep the listener interested, such as percussion and orchestral parts, and songs that sound unlike anything the band has done before. And it should not be forgotten that the material is consistently strong and does the Alice in Chains name justice. It doesn't sound like a typical grunge album, or a typical metal album. It sounds like Alice in Chains being themselves, full of confidence and energy to make a powerful and satisfying comeback album that you can't afford not to have in your collection.
Originally posted on Encyclopedia Metallum",0,0,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"Just saw them play this album at the HOB. Clutch rules in my book. This album is just as good as the 8+ others.",1,1,"Aug  3, 2009"
9,"Another amazing album by one of the best bands in the world.  Still like their self titled release, Robot Hive, and From Beale Street better, but you can never go wrong with a Clutch album.  Name one other band that consistently produces the level of quality that Clutch produces!  It is hard to thing of a band that does it as well as Clutch.  I will continue to purchase ever Clutch album that comes out.",1,1,"Feb  2, 2012"
6,"It's pretty good. Not great.",0,1,"Jul 31, 2009"
5,"The reason to listen to Clutch is for Neil's storytelling. It's okay that they've lost the band members they were accumulating over the last few albums, but the lyrics here are not the group's best. This is a fans-only deal.",0,0,"Aug  1, 2009"
9,"Great album, no it's not 'The elephant riders' but these guys always please. The storytelling is there, and I cant help from tapping my foot and nodding my head to their infectious grooves. Nice, fresh, clean.",0,0,"Aug 30, 2009"
9,"Its no Blast Tyrant or Elephant Riders, but as a diehard fan of the band, its understandable to change it up. A very all around strong album. No one can compete with Fallon anyway!",0,0,"Aug 14, 2009"
8,"This record reflects and brings to a boil all releases since Elephant Riders. Clutch never disappoints....well, unless you miss a shogun named...I sure do.",0,0,"Aug 26, 2010"
8,"Great album. can listen to it over and over...there's a  couple of songs I skip through, but overall better than most crap out there. The drumming is very prominent and is worth listening to if you are a fan of buddy rich and john bonham,",0,0,"Mar 20, 2013"
9,"Since I've picked it up, its been stuck in my head. if anything, its not all the same. new styles and tempos.. i listen to it everywhere i go.",0,0,"Aug 16, 2009"
9,"This may not change any of my opinions of music or metal, but what it does do is deliver an enjoyable if not amazing performance by Killswitch Engage, and it should be regarded as one of the best metal albums released so far this year.",0,0,"Aug  1, 2009"
7,"Good, but not at all comparable to End of Heartache of As Daylight Dies.",0,0,"Aug 24, 2009"
0,"Same old, nothing new, boring.",0,0,"Aug  4, 2009"
7,"This album doesn't do much for me. There is just too much filler on this album. The higlights (Take Me Away, The Return, Light in darkened world) are the direction the band should focus on in the future. This is just not as good as the end of heartache, and they need to stop plagiarizing themselves. That said, I enjoyed some of the songs, but I dont think I'll listen to the in the future if they just keep doing the same old stuff.",0,0,"Aug 29, 2009"
5,"They're getting worst ! The first time I listen to them was when Jesse was singing ( album : Alive Or Just Breathing ). That was perfect ! Then Jesse quit and Howard took the singing part. ( album : The End of Heartache ) that was different but still pretty good. Then came the other album ( As Daylight Dies ) a bit less fun to listen. But with the newest album ( Killswitch Engage ) well, I'm not a huge fan anymore but still listen to them. Can wait to see the next album where are they gonne take me ? NOTE : the sound so good in show. A must see.",0,0,"Aug 31, 2009"
9,"Killswitch is my favorite band. I bought this cd twice just to meet them. Their new album is pretty sick. As a musician, I know all about the hard work that goes into creating music. Adam and Joels guitar skills are top notch with this album. They really brought the pain, with creative riffs and amazing harmonies whats not to like? Howards voice is incredible, the guy and really belt it. He could sing anything and I would enjoy it. The bass lines are also great, thanks for delivering those Mike D. I always enjoy his grooving lines and the sick way he plays them on stage. Oh and I can't forget Justin even using a kit as simple as his, he never ceases to create a great beat. All in all an excellent album, if you enjoy metal and killswitch pick it up.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2009"
9,"Brilliant riffs, amazing catchy choruses, heavy breakdowns what more do you want? Check out their other albums too! They're the best metal band since Metallica!!",0,0,"Aug 11, 2009"
2,"When compared to the last 2 albums by the band, Its trash. Its really just another generic metal album that was aimed more towards being accepted by the masses instead of their dedicated fanbase (which caused their previous 2 albums to reach Gold status). I was really disapointed with this album and I wouldnt suggest this to anyone",0,0,"Nov 17, 2011"
5,"Killswitch Engage doesn't exceed As Daylight Dies in any way possible, but there are a few surprises (such as 'The Return' and 'Take Me Away') and some killer metal tracks that may keep fans satisfied.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2011"
10,"Spectacular lyrics, amazing riffs, and lots of things separates this band from the other cookie-cutter metalcore bands. Killswitch has always inspired me to do greater things.",0,0,"Nov 12, 2013"
8,"A great album, but not fantastic like their last 2. It really just reassures us that Killswitch Engage can still write well (some of the songs I'd consider among their best). It's not as heavy as their last two albums (people may disagree with me there). You should listen to it more than twice though, as I was really disappointed upon first hearing. It can surprise, just not throughout. Here's hoping their new album due next year will keep it up.",0,0,"Dec  8, 2011"
3,"Its actually pretty disapointing and not as good as their previous album (As Daylight Dies). The album is very short and is full of decent/bad songs that are no where near as good as their other songs. Overall, Its just a generic rock/metal album that was intended more for the radio then for anything else.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2011"
9,"Having never really listened to Killswitch Engage previously, and not ever really being a metal fan - I found the album immensely enjoyable - the music itself is intrinsic and catchy, the melodies and the vocals work like melted butter on a piece of toast in the morning: Lush. And the singer's voice is SO good, that when singing along - I sound so off key I may as well be singing a lullaby. There isn't a single song in the album I dislike, each one is unique and powerful.... making this the Best Thing I've listened to all year. Yet I think other reviewers are harsh to judge the album on previous releases by the band, just because it's not as good - doesn't make it rubbish, treat it as something new - not an addition to 'as daylight dies'. (which, to be fair, I haven't even listened to!)",0,0,"Jun 29, 2012"
8,"Killswitch Engage is still hard, progressive and melodic, but honestly was not all that good.
The guitars and bass are still clean, but I notice when it changes and not very flattering are the sound of the drums and the voice very different from Howard Jones, is very weak in comparison to their earlier work, also suggest that KSE began emporear, hopefully not the case then.
But the album overall the album is good and still has the drive and melodic style that everyone loves from KSE.
You can not miss this work, especially the big fans of Killswitch Engage.",0,0,"Mar 14, 2013"
6,"The worst album this great band has ever released? The answer is in the question. There's no doubt how disappointing this album really is especially when comparing it to Utter Greatness like 'The End of Heartache' & 'Alive Or Just Breathing'. The album is not just a failure of Killswitch's standards but commercially too. Ok maybe there's a few good songs in there that are worth singing to but what most people question about this controversial album is the crunching riffs from Adam D & Joel S. Yes there are some great choruses in this album but the verses? Fairly Poor in all honesty & for the lyrics by the great Howard Jones? Another Flaw. KsE are my favourite band but this is certainly an album to forget for all avid Killswitch fans. Oh well 4 years on, Jesse is back & there new album 'Disarm The Descent' is out in just weeks & already (unlike Self-Titled) sounds like it's going to be a classic.",0,0,"Mar 22, 2013"
10,"Usually I am the guy who is really strict on writing reviews, about games, movies, music, ext...
This album was an inspiration on me, mainly because when I wasn't feeling depressed, this album helped e out, and cheered me up.
Even though I was never really a fan of Jesse, this album makes me remember the times that I've been through.",0,0,"May 17, 2013"
9,"Track	Rating	Contribution
Never Again	3	243
Starting Over 5	3125
The Forgotten	4	1024
Reckoning	3	243
The Return	5	3125
A Light In A Darkened World	3	243
Save Me	3	243
Lost	4	1024
TOTAL SCORE=9270
10 THRESHOLD=10000
FINAL=9.27",0,0,"Jan 21, 2014"
9,"I am a hard core DT fan for many years...so, yes..I am a little biased. However, I believe that this album will appease many due to it's diversity in song selection! The opening track...is a roller coaster ride that takes you from dark metal to excellent harmony vox and the typical God-Like musicianship that DT is known and loved for. My favorite song, however, is 'Wither'. So many levels of melody and has elements of soft melody and awesome harmonies. I too, think this is their best album since Scenes From a Memory. I will be 2nd row in Milwaukee watching them perform their latest masterpiece. Long live DT! Album is highly recommended",1,1,"Jul 24, 2009"
10,"Pleasure for the ears, probably the most complex and beautiful album of the decade.",1,1,"Sep 11, 2009"
9,"Probably the best album of Dream Theater. A Nightmare to Remember, The Best of Times and The Count of Tuscany are the best songs of the album, with a lot of emotions, lyric and instrumental speaking... Wither is a good but sold-out song, A Rite of Passage it's good and The Shattered Fortress it's basically a remix of the other 4 songs on the Twelve-Step suite that serve as the grand finale. So, this album deserves a 10.",1,1,"Apr 21, 2012"
10,"Probably the best album of their career thus far.  Sort of builds on what made them successful into one monsterous masterpiece that mixes in both dark and light themes perfectly.  Awesome stuff.",1,2,"May 10, 2011"
4,"Boring, mostly uninspired, take-no-chances prog metal. There's a dozen bands out there with as much talent, better vocalists, and the willingness to broaden their horizons.",0,3,"Jul 13, 2009"
0,"Prog rock never sounded so stale. It has also rarely been an enjoyable genre since the early 80s.",0,5,"Jul 28, 2009"
9,"Used to be a huge Dream Theater in the past, but felt they lost direction after '6 Degrees of Inner Turbulence'. The opening and final tracks are exceptional, the rest could be better. 'The Shattered Fortress' was actually annoying, as it's basically a remix of previous work. Wither is kinda boring too. Too bad the rating is integer based. my rating is 8.6.",0,0,"Aug  7, 2009"
9,"Dream Theater, ok there will be some bias as they are one of my favourite bands. This album won't entice many new fans, but it will certainly please their old ones. There are some 'hits and misses' but the songs, especially the monstrous Count of Tuscany, will give the listener some great enjoyment.",0,0,"Oct 15, 2009"
9,"Awesome, this is my favorite cd since Train Of Thought, just a little disappointment with Wither but, an excellent album.",0,0,"Jul 29, 2009"
10,"Best album of the year, and best of dream theater.",0,0,"Jul 29, 2009"
8,"Doug D., prog metal hasn't been good since the early 80s? You do know that's when the genre just began to emerge, right? Basically that means you never likes Dream Theater to begin with (they formed in 1989), so why are you even here reviewing this album? Anyway, this is a good album. It does feel a little familiar but the compositions that are here are quite good. Wither and A Rite of Passage can be skipped, however.",0,0,"Jan 25, 2010"
9,"Fantastic CD! 2 singles and 4 epics! soft, heavy and melodic, music cant get much better than this!",0,0,"Jul 11, 2009"
10,"Dream Theater sound, but in 2009 context. Still doing progressive songs, with added heavy and 'easy' songs. Not many prog bands these days, to many Dream Theater copies outhere. Great, great, great album. However, it didn't hit me as fast as 'Scenes from a memory' did...",0,0,"Jul 21, 2009"
9,"Pretty different from its great predecessor 'Systematic Chaos' in terms of experimentation but still a pretty solid album. There is a lot of personal stuff in their songs that gives a deep sense in the lyrics. A Really recommended work.",0,0,"Jul 25, 2009"
8,"It's a great Album ! it entres on Top 5 of Dream Theater's greatrest Albums.",0,0,"Aug 11, 2009"
8,"Solid metal album. Labrie's voice sounds great and his work with Jaime Vendera has payed off. He's eliminated that annoying nasally quality he's had for awhile now. I think those 'growling' vocals are awful, and sound like portnoy's 'i'm trying to be cool' influence. Also, lyrically, the songs are awfully horrid. but that's forgiveable when the actual melody lines and backing composition is excellent. the bonus cd covers aren't throw away either, very great stuff in it's own right.",0,0,"Aug 30, 2009"
10,"Totally awesome album! it's become one of my favorites of them and I'm already looking forward to the next album of these Prog Metal masters!",0,0,"Nov 14, 2009"
10,"This and Systematic Chaos are two of the best albums by this band, I'd highly recommend listening to both of them.",0,0,"Dec 21, 2009"
9,"Monstrously awesome.",0,0,"Dec 25, 2009"
10,"Excellent CD-best since Scenes From a Memory. Picking up the special edition, with several covers ranging from Rainbow to Queen, is well worth the extra money. Original songs like Wither and Count of Tuscany are among their best.",0,0,"Jul 11, 2009"
9,"I just can't stop listen to it. It's very well produced and the songs are performed in an incredible way, a long time standard for the Dream Theater albums. The only drawback is perhaps the 'Shettered Fortress' track which could have encompassed a more original feeling. All other songs in this album seem to properly agree with DT fan's high expectations. It has everything to make you feel the joy of being a DT fan. One of the best albums, if not the best overall, of the new DT era (i.e., since the release of the heavier Train of Thought, 2003). I strongly recommend to fans and to those who might not yet know this awesome band.",0,0,"Jul 18, 2009"
8,"It's not the greatest Dream Theater album out there, not even close. However, 'Black Clouds and Silver Linings' is still great. For people who are just getting into DT, it's a good place to start. However, for fans, it's a little too familiar. Still great, thought. Also, 'The Count of Tuscany' is super kick-ass.",0,0,"Jul 10, 2013"
9,"Don't believe the hype. This isn't a 'comeback' album. This brilliant band never left. The only thing missing from them is the desire to sell out and make college radio crap or pop tunes. They aren't willfully grungy and trendy like the garbage that spews from the music machine. I'm looking at you Mars Volta. They aren't glammy characters, just musicians. The band is right on point, its the trendy jaded listener and the corporate beancounters that don't get it. Enjoy this gift to music lovers while you can. They may be stopping thanks to continued ignorance. Those who know, know well, those who don't, don't know squat. Don't believe the hype.",0,0,"Jul  2, 2009"
9,"Don't understand why the reviews are as low as they are. This is a great comeback from a band that has yet to disappoint.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2009"
8,"I feel this album won't win the band any new fans, that aside for the most part its a consistent record, less commerical for the most part in comparison to the last release Catch Without Arms, but with that more varied and conceptual like El Cielo was.",0,0,"Jul  2, 2009"
10,"Catch without arms was one hell of a record to have to follow but this album fucking rocks.",0,0,"Jun 24, 2009"
10,"If you like dredg you will like this cd. I almost didn't pick it up after reading these reviews but I am really glad I did. Buy this record and enjoy it because I know you will.",0,0,"Jun 28, 2009"
10,"Absolutely outstanding.",0,0,"Jul  1, 2009"
9,"Amazing, amazing music. Simple as that. Everything is superb on this record, from songwriting to performance to production. Easily my most played album of 2009 and probably for the most part of 2010 as well. Song to die for: Quotes.",0,0,"Jan 20, 2011"
7,"Strong, Catchy Riffs, With a decent amount of good songs, Not quite catching the highs of the Metal core genre, But none the less a decent album.",0,0,"Jul 11, 2009"
8,"Pretentious name as it has been the last 40 years(yea im that old!)the same things said then as now by privately educated pricks who will end up in oblivion like the rest of theyre journos",0,0,"Jul 22, 2009"
10,"I'm genuinely baffled by the people who say there's no progression in the songs. 'Alice' starts off with a creeping, slow guitar riff and ends with a wailing horn... How are they the same thing? This is music that requires focus, attention, and an appreciation of where it's come from and what it's trying to do. That can take years to accomplish. I first came to Sunn O))) ten years ago and couldn't stand them. Now I've gone back, having seen them live and buying a sound system that can almost manage the low-end layers, and it all makes sense. It's not pretentious, it's not 'just art' (whatever the hell that means), it's a form of music that asks more of its audience than other styles, and creates atmospheres that most other bands would struggle to begin to understand.
And if you think you could make money by sticking a mic by a washing machine and distorting the effects for 30 minutes, just **** do it and get some money so that you'll hopefully feel less of a need to act like a moron. You're like the children who stand before a Picasso and say it's 'just splatters of paint'. If you don't get it, you don't get it, but don't broadcast your ignorance like it's an achievement.",3,3,"Jul  3, 2012"
10,"every aspect of this album is brilliant.  I'm usually not a huge drone fan but the massive amount of elements and huge atmosphere won me over.  Insanely good.",2,2,"Oct  1, 2010"
10,"Really is deserving of a 10. The fact that Sunn have created an album this beautiful is on its own astonishing, considering the overwhelming darkness of their previous releases. Not that this is an Earth-like reinvention in atmosphere. Opening track 'Agartha' is especially unsettling. But as a whole, there is more to explore here than just darkness and depressive drones. This is an album to lose yourself in, an epic symphony that is feeling more and more like the pinnacle of drone and avant metal. It is easily the best album I've heard this year, and it's been a great year for metal. Maybe it won't hit most people as hard as it hit me, but it should reach more listeners than Sunn's traditional followers. Albums like this don't come along very often, and you'd be doing yourself a disservice if you didn't atleast listen to it once.",1,1,"Jun 28, 2009"
10,"Rudiger and Axel, you are both casualties of misinterpretation. I also doubt that either of you listened to the album properly. I will explain things to you, smugly, to counter your fascinatingly bitter conclusions. This music has nothing to do with virtuosity, with melody, with rhythm, and, believe it or not, with artistic pretension, though I have yet to confirm that latter statement with Stephen O'Mally. Either way, Sunn have made it clear: their music needs to be played LOUD, and that doesn't mean through your laptop speakers. You need to blast that shit, on big speakers, properly. And this takes courage, because their 'music' is actually trying to achieve a desired effect through timbre and vibration. It's music serving as a physical force, not an emotional or intellectual one. And by physical, I mean that you should FEEL the sound pressing against your body. But granted, you do need a pair of balls to experience Monoliths as intended. Your ears will be punished, but the reward lies in the experience of staring directly into the Sunn, even if it blinds you. Do this, THEN rate the album. If you still stand by your statements, without pride as a motivator, I too will stand corrected.",1,1,"Jul 18, 2009"
9,"The people who dismiss this record as a 'joke' are probably the same people who dont 'get' Pollock or Rothko while at art museums because it isnt easily decipherable or full of colorful cherubs. I completely understand this type of music isnt for everyone, but to expect that it SHOULD cater to you is where you've gone astray. If you didnt like drone metal before, why is it a shock that you dont now? Sunn is not a band I listen to often, nor do I think I would really want to. But their works are incredibly powerful when in the proper setting and frame of mind (drugs are not necessary..this IS the drug). And to echo the others here, you need to listen to it at maximum volume on a VERY GOOD stereo system. My appreciation for these guys went up ten-fold when I caught their live show. In that setting, the sound truly does shake your inner soul and leave you falling backwards into a infinite black abyss. The ironic thing is, Monoliths and Dimensions is easily their most accessible work to date, especially Alice which is one of the most darkly beautiful tracks I've heard this year.",1,1,"Aug 13, 2009"
1,"This is an absolute dirge. Seems so many music websites are afraid of the big white elephant in the corner of the room (that being Pitchfork) that they'll fall over themselves to endorse anything they like. This is, in short, crap.",1,8,"Jan 21, 2010"
2,"Obviously not everyone thinks this is the best album ever. No amount of ad hominem vitriol will change that. Clearly other people having an opinion pisses you all off, but these are reviews, not a coronation. Implying that I listened to it wrong isn't accurate, I listened to it twice full through high volume. It's just not good music. I have my opinion. You have your opinion. Other people have other opinions.",0,2,"Jul 20, 2009"
0,"'It's music serving as a physical force, not an emotional or intellectual one. And by physical, I mean that you should FEEL the sound pressing against your body.' Airplane turbines have a similar effect. Check them out dude. They're really cutting edge.",0,3,"Jul 22, 2009"
5,"I'll jump in with the first vote that lies directly in the middle. Admittedly, since I have roommates whom I respect, listening to this album at full volume in my apartment was never an option. I even tried to convince them them to pop in the CD on the living room stereo & crank it. Still no, so I opted for headphones. Let me run off on an explanatory tangent for a few lines. We are all metalheads. We listen to Sabbath, Maiden, Meshuggah & even Dimmu Borgir turned up all the way. While we may be spoiled on speed, we're still dedicated to a future of metal-induced deafness. That being said, I still believe this album is extremely overrated. Visceral thought it may be, it's still a bunch of dudes droning on heavily detuned instruments with no discernible attempt at musicality. Maybe that's the point. But I'm still not convinced. On an artistic level, I have to hand it to them: they have balls, which is why this is interpreted as metal. However, I agree with Lance R. This album is best experienced very loud. Loud and possibly under the influence of lots of LSD. Since I left the blotter with my friend Ricky, I have to evaluate this album in a (somewhat) sober state. I can't see why anyone could assign a droning, largely dissonant collection of noise on the very periphery of the mainstream a 10, unless you're reacting those giving this album a zero. Perhaps it's a sonic evolution for the band, but I can't see myself particularly interested in their previous works. Monoliths & Dimensions is plenty. Conversely, I can't bring myself to rate this album lowly; mostly due to its provocative avant-garde appeal.",0,1,"Aug  6, 2009"
2,"Listening through this album is painful. The pretension on this album borders on parody. There is no demonstrable musical or compositional talent. The majority of the album alternates between a few notes, each held for dramatic emphasis. Lyrics are mumbled and paused excessively, also for dramatic emphasis.",0,2,"Jul 10, 2009"
1,"This is without a doubt the single worst thing my ears have ever experienced. I consider myself to be very open minded when it comes to music, even the most pretentious triple concept album wouldn't offend me near as much as this nonsense. It's not art, there's no musicianship, I'm only giving it 1/10 because the ablum art is cool. The only reasons I can find for liking this album is if... 1. You're one of those loser metal types that think you're so dark and messed up that chanting about satan is cool. 2. You think you need to like the crap fed to you by 'trendy' music critics to be cool. 3. You're a 'trendy' music critic (a**hole).",0,3,"Jul 16, 2009"
0,"This album has no redeeming musical or artistic quality whatsoever. The album is an unappealing and entirely uncreative amalgam of sparse noises. To second the statement made by someone else, this album 'was painful to listen to.'",0,2,"Aug 15, 2009"
1,"I kept waiting for the Stonehenge lyrics to start. Pompous rubbish. Very Tap indeed.",0,2,"Aug 20, 2009"
2,"I kind of get the dark ambiance thing but i don't see what's so special about this album - any reasonable musician could make this if they could be arsed, the thing is there are much more interesting things to do with noise that what Sunn have created. I respect the opinion of those who love it and in fairness I may be missing something, but it doesn't seem like an artistic leap forward or anything particularly revolutionary to me.",0,1,"Aug 26, 2009"
0,"I consider myself to be very open to new music; I love a lot of 'experimental' stuff and see value even in bands I don't care much for. That being said, I really just don't 'get' this album. It is, honestly, the worst thing I've ever heard, I can't consider it music because music, you see, requires variation in sound, it requires something more than a single droning note held for what seems like years without so much as a half-note change. This... this is just unbearably awful.",0,3,"Aug  3, 2009"
0,"Well, if you gotta be excentric, you ll say this album is good. if you wanna be sincere to yourself, you ll have to admit this is no more than pretentious noise. Critics who scored this high are only faking smart decadency, this is a perfect example of artzie kitsch.",0,2,"Aug  6, 2009"
5,"People who like this sort of thing will find that this is the sort of thing that they like. Other people will wonder what the fuss is about.",0,2,"Oct 22, 2009"
0,"Nonsense. This is absolute nonsense. 'casualties of misinterpretation'.... really. If you all want I can throw a mic next to my dishwasher and you can just throw me $9.99 a cycle to listen (note: I consider extra rinse a bonus track... $11.99). I can't even figure out where people get off calling this pretentious...I wouldn't even give it that much credit. Unlistenable. and to those who strike back with furious rebuttles about my own misinterpretations and how shallow my musical taste must be... Your wrong. Learn to play an instrument rather then waste your time listening to this critically acclaimed garbage disposal.",0,2,"Jul 24, 2009"
3,"While it has some not so horrible moments, the rest of the album is essentially made of noise, sometimes lasting no less than 5 minutes. The main point to sell this thing is to talk about ART. Ok first when speaking about music and tastes, if someone tries to elevate the subject to something intellectually elevated, it's always some kind of maneuver, to elevate himself in his association to something that wouldn't be understood. This is the major swindle from half of the contemporary art.",0,2,"Aug 11, 2009"
3,"Okay, so I've given this album a couple of listens and despite the ridiculously good reviews it has managed to obtain, I just don't get it. I find myself wanting SOMETHING out of it. The songs lack any sort of progression whatsoever, and when they're an average of 10 minutes each, I demand progression! Someone please explain this to me.",0,2,"Aug 15, 2009"
1,"Clearly 35% of the users reviewing here don't see the trolling involved here.But here, an honest review:The album has very little variation WHATSOEVER.  I have listened to drone before, some I like, some I do not.  While I may not be the biggest audiophile out there, I definitely do not believe there is any change in sound at all.  The vocals..? Let's just not get into that, because they are obvious ****I imagine the whole album is a gigantic troll, but then again, there are some incredibly stupid people in this world.PS: If you are interested in something happening, go to Alice - 12:00 mark.",0,3,"Oct  1, 2011"
10,"Amazing album. Does exactly what they needed to do to progress musically and dynamically. A masterpiece of its genre.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2009"
8,"'Aghartha' is the perfect choice to open your 2009 Halloween mix.",0,0,"Jun 21, 2009"
10,"I don't think most people, reviewers included, realize that they've heard one of, if not The record of the decade, and the reason for that is quite simple indeed: they didn't turn it up loud enough. Give it 10 years. See what they'll be saying then.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2009"
9,"I guess the closed-minded are allowed to voice their opinions too. But come on, if you can't get in to a band, you don't unerstand what they're trying to achieve, or they just rub you the wrong way, that makes them pretentious and hipsters? Get a real argument a**holes.",0,0,"Jul 19, 2009"
9,"Let me preface this by saying that this is not an album for people who believe that guitars can ONLY be played by plucking and strumming them. Last time I checked, guitars did not come with instruction manuals on how to play them. There is always more than one way to skin a cat. With that being said, this music is about exploring realms of human emotion and musical sound that have not been explored very deep. Of course, some people who believe in music in the classic sense will most like be put off by the free-form and extreme experimentation, but that is what I think is this goup's strong point. Beauty can be found the most unexpected of places. You have to be open and look to find it first though.",0,0,"Aug  6, 2009"
9,"Why are people complaining about this album? You dont need to have a Ph. D in music theory to understand that this is not a traditional style of music, nor is it an attempt to blow you away with explosive creativity. Yes, the notes seem to 'drone' on for ages. No, Sunn 0))))) is not trying to impress a specific crowd of metal heads who worship satan. This album may not meet the criteria for what you consider 'music'. This is art - and art doesn't care if you like it. The artists in this band take their work seriously, and have obviously made an impression on people. Again, you are not required to like art. If you are looking for something a little more palatable - something you can dance to - I recommend the newest release from the Arctic Monkeys. If, on the other hand, you are willing to let someone try another method for stimulating your ears and your mind, give this record another listen.",0,0,"Jan 21, 2010"
9,"It was a great album. The first track is a bit weak, but everything else on the album is amazing.",0,0,"Dec  7, 2009"
7,"This is a very good record, but that is not why I am here. I am here because I am tired of people without anything constructive to say about this, or any other record, going on to make personal attacks about those who enjoy it. There are a myriad tastes in the world, and people listen to music for many different reasons. Just because you do not have an appreciation for something like this does not mean that everyone else who does is pretentious or a hipster, or 'one of those loser metal types that think you're so dark and messed up that chanting about satan is cool.' Those of us who do enjoy aberrant styles of music do not do so to be hip, and to criticize a record because you believe that that is why people rate it highly is a red herring. Please keep your comments confined to the music itself, that is what is meant to be reviewed on a site like this. Thank you.",0,0,"Oct 29, 2009"
10,"A great masterpiece, one of the best metal albums of the decade, hands down.",0,0,"Jun 15, 2009"
10,"Wow! this album is incredible music masterpiece.",0,0,"Jun  9, 2009"
10,"One of the best metal albums of the decade.",0,0,"Jun  9, 2009"
10,"So good! Can't wait to see it preformed at the haunted Brookdale Lodge!",0,0,"Jul 27, 2009"
6,"I actually quite like this album- the droning, the repetition, the lack of any melody, rhythm etc...but then again I find the noise of vacuum cleaners relaxing.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2009"
8,"I find this to be good chill music. It's very slow, but not boring or pretentious (I don't know where people are getting pretentious from). It's not for everyone, but please don't be stupid and call it 'uncreative'. Bands like Three Days Grace are uncreative, not this.",0,0,"Aug 20, 2009"
7,"At First, It Starts with Agartha, which was a mind blowingly horrible song. I, however, stuck through the album after the 1 star song tragedy, and listened to Big Church. It was brilliant. Using christian gospel chiors in tandem with dronign guitars I thought would never work, but it did! It was eerie, lazily simple, but at the same inadvertently sophisticated. This song came in at 4 stars. After Big Church, there came Hunting and Gathering (Cydonia). This song was the first time I had ever heard Sunn O))) put an ounce of creativity into. They usually just play the same guitar notes over and over with loud volumes. But this one had the grinding guitar rhythm that was layered perfectly with low voiced vocals. In the final 2 or 3 minutes of this ten minute epic, it had the bell from Big Church and the quick muttering. This is something I found inventive. That and the trombones made this song a great opener for your Halloween 2009 mix. 4 stars out of five. The final song, and certainly the best song was Alice. The simple guitar rhythm provided a spooky, eerie texture to the song, and then it faded into an incredible jazz-ensemble outtro. It was incredible. It was mesmerizing. It was, in my opinion, one of the best songs ever made. 5 stars out of five. The mean for 1, 4, 4, 5 is 3.5, making it tied with OK Computer for best album ever on my list. Exactly seven out of 10.",0,0,"Aug 25, 2009"
10,"Fortunately, not more of the same - the introduction of more instruments into the album while not overloading the songs brings to the sound its appropriate atmosphere. And yes, one feels the power of the Sunn O))) when he blasts it from powerful speakers. 'Alice' might be their most graceful and beautiful track yet.",0,0,"Aug 28, 2009"
9,"Not my favorite Sunn release, but it's really good. I'm not sure why the people who are reviewing it so poorly expected to like it in the first place. If you previously didn't understand or like drone, this album probably won't be one to change your mind, awesome as it is. Reading these reviews is an exercise in frustration; it's like a bunch of people, fully aware of their dislike for modern art, walking into the MoMA and loudly complaining about how awful and artless everything is. But to even these people, I suggest dropping your 'musical virtuosity' shields for once and letting the visceral effect of this album smother you. Maybe it'll do you some good. It's not suitable for every mood or situation, but when the mood does fit, it is fantastic.",0,0,"Aug 29, 2009"
10,"This stuff is amazing. I don't know how you can call it pretentious, it's formed out of genres that have already existed. It's just done a lot better than most have attempted. Also, Best. Band. Name. Ever.",0,0,"Aug  5, 2009"
10,"Kid, stick w/ your Sujan Stevens albums okay? 'Trend' has nothing to do with it - and with you so HEAVILY relying on use of that term, you reveal MUCH about yourself and ZERO about this album. It's like a 9 year-old trying to explain 2001: A Space Odyssey to you?",0,0,"Jul 18, 2009"
10,"This album sounds, to me, like genuine art. I was a skeptic when I first turned it on, giving it a listen because of such high marks, but I started to jive with it. I speak only from personal impression, but I feel like the artists had a vision and created what they heard just because they wanted to. The music may seem campy at times (exaggeratedly deep voices, church bells, etc.), but I feel like it's not supposed to be taken entirely seriously. To me, it's listening to the music in the heart of Bram Stoker's Dracula, and it is badass... and on top of that, it is well composed. Maybe not one for daily listening, but I'm glad this album was made, and I support their efforts with a high score.",0,0,"Jul 22, 2009"
6,"It took me several listens to be able to bring this up in my rotation without flinching, but I finally got to the point where I look forward to the change of pace. I'm just really disappointed that some of my fellow music lovers are so opinionated about other's opinions. There's certainly no need for name calling.",0,0,"Aug 14, 2009"
10,"Did Julian Priester introduce Sunn O))) to trombonist George Lewis' 1979 'Homage to Charlie Parker'? This is great material.",0,0,"Aug 25, 2009"
2,"my opinion, a very good listen when you can completely devote the time to do nothing else. I am only going to give 2 stars just because I prefer to experience a record like this live. Playing this in the home, on headphones, in the car, etc. is going to do absolutely nothing for me.",0,0,"Mar 17, 2014"
10,"This is an album I really wasn't expecting from these guys. It took me a few listens to finally dig it, but I'm really enjoying it. If you're familiar with their previous efforts, you'd know that they've always been heavy and in your face. This one is more nuanced and as previously said the guitar from Toshi has as much a part as the bass from Jared or the drums from Coady. On previous efforts Jared's singing was loud throughout and on this one he's toned that down and on a couple tracks he's singing in a tone I hadn't yet heard.This album isn't as immediately satisfying and as in your face as the others but with time you'll really like it. It's a new direction for a great band and great bands have to shake it up from time to time to keep things interesting.",0,0,"Jul 27, 2011"
10,"after the atmopsheric sludge that they perfected three albums prior, continuing along that path would have been a sub-par move from a vastly superior band.  And Isis just can't have that.  Apparently, they discovered that subtle nuances can be just as effective as the walls of sound they are accustomed to, and the combination of these two factors make for the most interesting listen yet.  Small, 'tool-isms' stand alongside the mammoth riffs of Aaron Turner and co.
Also, Aaron's vocals are spot on throughout all of this record, balancing his shouts with the cleans perfectly.
The best Isis record ever. What a send off.",1,1,"Oct  1, 2010"
2,"When a band's philosophy centres around the same basic premise, one in which they are encouraged to retread and retry, you feel that the band is desperately treading this same path hoping that luck instead of providence, that hope instead of prudence sees all the peices fit and that 'elusive masterpiece' may be stumbled upon. There is nothing in this world as loathsome as try-hards with scant ability hoping to get lucky, and this is where we find Isis. Never managing to top their dbut with the same trite idea and same conventions and structure appearing again and again. Isis are the proverbial Sisyphus curse, condemning their fan base to endure the same nonsense for all eternity but ironically lap it all up oblivious to the bands all too obvious flaws.",0,1,"Jul 14, 2009"
9,"Awesome band. Remind at times of Frodus, Helmet, and Tool. I'm new to Isis, but have been quickly hooked by them. Excellent musicians writing intriguing and rocking songs. I don't mind the growl at all, as some reviewers have ragged on; it doesn't seem affected or cliche, but more sincere and tastefully used between actual singing, which itself is a nice compliment to the music.",0,0,"May 19, 2009"
10,"Fantastic Album!",0,0,"May  7, 2009"
10,"Best album of the year one of the best in this decade and maybe just the best isis has ever been.",0,0,"May  8, 2009"
10,"When a band's philosophy centres around the same basic premise, one in which they are encouraged to retread and retry, you feel that band should actually retread and retry, and that they truly understand postmodern art.",0,0,"Oct 14, 2015"
9,"An amazing album from the master of Post Metal.
Following the success of Oceanic and Panopticon, Wavering Radiant takes you to a musical journey that does not disappoints.",0,0,"Oct 15, 2015"
10,"This album is awesome even though none of the tracks were made by hatebreed. The hardcore masters did an over the top job at covering songs from killer hardcore and metal bands such as Metallica, Slayer, Suicidal Tendencies, and Misfits. though not my favorite hatebreed album, it is still cool to hear them play these classic songs from awesome bands.",0,0,"Jan 25, 2013"
10,"Ugh. People need to realize that bands constantly evolve. Just because it doesn't sound like the Black Sabbath you know doesn't mean it isn't good. The Devil You Know is excellent. Ronnie James Dio's heaven (and hell)-sent vocals blend together with heavy, face-melting riffs for a new generation, proving to the masses that METAL ISN'T DEAD!",2,2,"Aug  4, 2009"
3,"I listened to this release twice through. There is nothing very memorable on this CD. This is coming from a long time Sabbath fan, Dio fan and Ozzy fan. I have all their albums, all the various Sabbath incarnations, and this CD might be the most disappointing of them all. Born Again is a close second. Thumbs down.",0,2,"May  4, 2009"
9,"Awsome album. As they did in their last tour, they proved they haven't missed a beat. Listen to Iommi channeling Eddie Van Halen in Follow the Tears. Some of his best work in years.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2009"
10,"I never thought I'd see the day where Ronnie James Dio would be fronting Black Sabbath again (yes, they're called Heaven and Hell now, but it's the same band with a different name",0,0,"May  5, 2009"
7,"Better than DeHumanizer, bot not as great as Mob Rules and Heaven and Hell. Best song is with no doubt 'Follow The Tears'(closely followed by 'Bible Black'...man, THAT is Heavy as Hell and made the hairs down my neck rise and my arms got goose-bumps. THAT feel is why I love Heavy Metal and this album is surprisingly better than expected. But not that great to be a top album that will be remembered in Heavy metal history. Mob Rules and mostly Heaven and Hell, yes, but not 'The Devil You Know'. Still 'Bible Black' and 'Follow the Tears' should be on a future 'best of' Sabbath/Heaven & Hell....they will be on my own next Cd-R with the greatest Metal songs to enjoy when I drive the car or go nuts at home (poor neighbours).;-)",0,0,"May  9, 2009"
10,"Best album since Paranoid, Dio is God!",0,0,"Apr 30, 2009"
10,"Great album, their best since Ozzy's era!",0,0,"May  2, 2009"
10,"Masterpiece!",0,0,"Oct  4, 2009"
10,"Fantastic return of Dio!",0,0,"Apr 29, 2009"
10,"What's wrong with Rolling Stone Magazine? No wonder I dropped my subscription years ago. This is one of the best Metal albums EVER. The head banging riff in 'Follow the Tears' is worth the price of the album by itself. GREAT JOB H&H - Can't wait to see you LIVE!",0,0,"May  5, 2009"
9,"Overall a great outing for a classic lineup, not perfect but a treat for Sabbath fans and all metal fans.",0,0,"May  6, 2009"
7,"I have always been a fan of this line up, accept for vinnie - man, this guy is to boring. The other guys are there as always. But this album would have been much better if i was not bored of the no fils drumming. Even though i really like this album and have flogged it through my stereo until my wife screamed - NO MORE! i still cannot stand the bloody drummer. This guy should listen to Shaun Rienheart a little bit, just a little bit.",0,0,"Jul 14, 2009"
9,"I found it fantastic.",0,0,"Jul  7, 2009"
10,"This album is a masterpiece from start to finish.  Mastodon continue to redefine the progressive metal sound.  I feel this will be the album all other Mastodon albums will be judged by for years to come.",2,2,"Apr 24, 2012"
10,"From rapid crushing riffs to shimmering melodies Crack The Skye has it all, something for everything. The interplay between Troy Sanders and Brent Hinds with the vocals ia fantastic, and the guitar solos are astounding. There's twists and turns, here Mastodon take you on a thrilling journey through beautiful soundscapes.",1,1,"Sep 21, 2009"
4,"Huge disappointment for me. Too much melody and not enough rhythmic pounding. Prog-ish noodling instead of compelling riffing. Weak vocals. Nowhere near the replay value of the last three discs.",0,1,"Jun 12, 2009"
5,"This album is same old generic metal made slightly more interesting with Mastadon's excellent abilities to rock hard. It's structured differently but it's a tired sound, mainly. Longer, toned down, slight song changes, same old chug chug little mastadon-lick here isn't that creative. Listen to the best of this year so far, Zu. You will hear how metal sounds when it's actually progressing.",0,2,"Apr 18, 2009"
10,"This album is amazing. The first time I heard it I was a little weary because it is NOTHING like the past 3 albums. With this all being said you can listen to Crack the Skye and not hear a bad thing about it. I am going to see them May 5th and I hope they play the whole album from start to finish.",0,0,"Mar 25, 2009"
9,"Another great album by Mastodon. Of all the bands in today's music scene, very few can get you as excited for a new album as Mastodon can. This one is a very ambitious, epic release, and they have pulled it off masterfully. 'Divinations' is the closest thing on the album to a straght-on rocker in the style of 'The Wolf is Loose' or 'Blood and Thunder'. Most of the other tracks are more mellow and atmospheric, suggesting influences from all over the musical spectrum. Mastodon's songwriting really shines on this album - they are without a doubt the modern masters of the concept album. Although this one is great, I slightly prefer the sound of their previous 2 albums, which had a good balance between the screams and the clean vocals (this album has almost entirely clean vocals). Anyway, I give them props for trying something new and expanding their sound, although I would prefer if their next release was a little more 'metal'.",0,0,"Mar 31, 2009"
10,"An album that gets better each time you listen to it. What makes it better is that they released it with an instrumental version: Same music, sans vocals. Brilliant.",0,0,"Apr 24, 2009"
9,"Though more focused on experimentation and prog-rock style than previous Mastodon work, Crack the Skye is an absolutely grandiose album. More than anything, it shows that Mastodon has that rare ability in metal to transcend its own genre, putting them on a stage with such luminaries as Black Sabbath, Iron Maiden, and Anthrax.",0,0,"Apr  3, 2009"
10,"Fantastic. A natural progression of their work, in many ways it is their best. It may not be quite up there with Leviathan in terms of classic status, but this album is damn close. It only gets better with repeated listens, and the DVD (for the most part) truly enhances the experience. The lawnmower scene in the DVD is friggin weird, though. *shrug*",0,0,"Mar 27, 2009"
10,"This band has not failed me yet.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2009"
9,"its different. its epic. just listen. 3 times will let you decide if u want to go 4.",0,0,"Mar 28, 2009"
10,"Best metal album since Blood Mountain. I can hear the metal purists name calling Mastodon as 'sell outs'... I don't know why Metacritic isn't putting any full 100/100 Crack The Skye reviews on the list. There are plenty. And from well known sources too.",0,0,"Apr  1, 2009"
10,"While, arguably, not as good as 'Blood Mountain', Crack the Skye is still an amazing metal album. Mastodon may be the premier metal band of this generation. Period.",0,0,"Apr 10, 2009"
10,"An absolute sonic masterpiece. 'Oblivion' is an instant rock classic, 'The Czar' is yet another spiraling ten minute plus Mastodon epic which, in the same album, is topped by the steamrolling 13 minute 'The Last Baron'. 'Divinations' is a harkening to heavier Mastodon, but after several listens the atmosphere of this album grows and gloomy, ghastly tracks like 'Ghost of Karelia' leave me listening over and over again and wondering what the hell Mastodon will do next.",0,0,"Apr  9, 2009"
10,"The best album I have heard in a long, long time.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2009"
10,"Awesome, absolutely awesome. Remids me of the first time I heard Metallica's 'Ride The Lightning'. Kazem is right, it gets better every time you listen to it.",0,0,"Jun 16, 2009"
10,"Amazing! Just lite up a joint and slip into Oblivion. I'm glad Mastodon doesn't pump out the same album every time! Every album has been skillfully crafted, and Crack The Skye displays the band beautiful textures and song crafting ability in fine detail.",0,0,"Jul  7, 2009"
10,"Logical next step for Mastodon. Solid from top to bottom, and The Czar is UNBELIEVABLE.",0,0,"Mar 24, 2009"
10,"Just read the Q magazine review to see why this has as low a score as it does. Reviewers talk about how incredible it is and then say thats a problem.",0,0,"Mar 25, 2009"
10,"Stunning work from these guys--again. Much praise is due to Mastodon for pushing the envelope.",0,0,"Mar 26, 2009"
9,"Somewhere between the Allman Bros and Slayer lies Mastodon. They're the most refreshing band in metal music these days.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2009"
9,"We'll be listening to this in twenty years time. That's all I have to say about it.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2009"
10,"Screw the hardcore devotees that will call this a sellout because of their own mindless opinion of what THEIR band should sound like!",0,0,"Mar 28, 2009"
9,"I've always liked Mastodon... but this album is one of their best... Slit your lungs with Blood and Thunder Mastodon Rocks.",0,0,"Mar 30, 2009"
8,"Great metal album, this album gets better with each listen, true talent shines through with the bands new album.",0,0,"Mar 31, 2009"
10,"One of the best albums I have heard in awhile. The songs are all thoughtful and technical beyond much of what is out today. It is a nice departure from the norm these days. Still classic Mastodon for me.",0,0,"Apr  9, 2009"
10,"More music, less screaming. Great tunes played by great instrumentalists.",0,0,"May 12, 2009"
9,"Must Or Don't listen? No question. This is a relic! Certainly worth a cracking the Hinds' brain in Vegas!",0,0,"May  9, 2009"
9,"Wow. i haven't been this hooked on a metal album in a long time. great melodies, brutal passages and an interesting theme. their best yet by a long shot.",0,0,"Jun 16, 2009"
10,"Easily a 10 for just pure replay value. It's tough to find any weak points in this album. I haven't heard a record this good in a long time like most others have stated.",0,0,"Jul 22, 2009"
10,"Mastodon can now place themselves among the elite with the recording of Crack the Skye, emotion can be felt throughout the entire Disc, from funky basslines to pounding guitars to the tag team sonic fury displayed by Bill Keliher and Brent Hinds. It all leads to one of the, if not the Best metal albums of the last decade.",0,0,"Jul 25, 2009"
10,"Absolutely brilliant. More homogenous in sound, more melodic, more ambitious on a grand scale (as always .. every time I wonder how far they will go next time). They have learned to sing and write proper songs, and the sheer musical talent on display is awesome. Played with the conviction of a band doing excactly what they aimed to do. Instant classic. Frankly, this one deserves an 11.",0,0,"Mar 26, 2009"
10,"This album is absolutely amazing. It is unlike any of their past works, in that it lacks, for the most part, the heaviness that mastodon had back in the Remissions/Leviathan days. It replaces the fire with a more mellow, spaced out sound, with plenty of groove thrown in. The progression in sound, though, is a good one, and i think many people will agree.",0,0,"Mar 31, 2009"
10,"Amazing cd, i get more from it with each listen~ this is 'Master of Puppets' good, and pretty close to 'Reign in Blood' good!",0,0,"May 17, 2009"
8,"For a metal band to actually progress beyond low grinding toneless riffing and belch singing is quite rare, so Mastodon immediately caught my attention. They are coming across as a band who explore new musical textures with known instruments and techniques and seem to be taking metal as just one more ingredient in their overall musical pot, which is something special and seems strangely honest. This record itself trades low end punch for beautiful melodies and freak outs, everything well executed and very well recorded and mixed. My personal favorite has to be Oblivion, which sums up perfectly what they were going on about in this record, a feeling of depth and perception in a mix of heavy playing and elegant evocative melodies.",0,0,"Jun 28, 2009"
10,"Best album from the best metal band alive. Need I say more?",0,0,"Aug 31, 2009"
9,"No matter what you may think of Mastodon's music there is no doubt that the lyrics in the songs of Crack the Skye delve very deep and is rich in their story. In this critic's opinion, musically, it is a masterpiece of stoner/prog metal and a transcendent tone that almost brings euphoria to the attuned ears.",0,0,"Nov 22, 2010"
8,"This album had the ability to grab and hold your attention through out, each sound flows fluidly into the next and each new riff is more awesome and fulfilling than the last.",0,0,"Jul 10, 2011"
10,"Crack the Skye is filled to the brim with fantastic heaviness and incredible prog music. It's also brilliant musically, showing off the band's impressive musical ability. It's Mastodon's masterpiece, and one of my favourite albums.
97/100 (rounded to 10/10).",0,0,"Jan  6, 2016"
10,"Instant masterpiece for the band. Following 2 incredible albums in leviathan and blood mountain, Mastodon takes things to an entirely new level of song writing and inspiration. The best of the themed elemental albums and a magnificent precursor to what was still to come, in the hunter. Overall great band.",0,0,"May 17, 2013"
10,"Hand down the best metal album ever! Opening with oblivion and closing with the last baron is a experience you will not forget.trully mastodon claimed the metal crown with this one.",0,0,"Dec 30, 2013"
10,"I remember the first time I heard Mastodon it was Colony of Birchmen and Sleeping Giant. I was extremely impressed with the amount of blended progressive sound in the songs. After listening to all the other albums I was a bit disappointed that I never got the same feeling. Then after years of not keeping up with the band, I heard about the release of the Hunter coming. I decided to look them up again finding out they already released Crack The Skye. I gave it a listen and was blown away by opening track oblivion. Practically giving me the same feeling I got from Blood Mountain. After finishing the album I had to listen to it again, then again. The amount of technicality that went into this album is amazing, from the drums to the unique vocals you are given an experience very few bands can attempt. After three years I still considered one of my favorite albums.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2014"
10,"This album is bloody great. It has prog rock influences, and the riffs are **** heavy: guitars scream through possessed vintage amps fueled by burning valves, while the bass and the drums sculpt frenetic and massive paces. The band wanted to sound fatter and also less metal, but this record can't be labeled to one genre. It's great, that's it.",0,0,"Mar 17, 2016"
10,"Responsible for getting me back into metal, this is pretty much everything I could hope to hear in an album. Deep, heavy, complex, melodic, technically astonishing and reasonably accessible too.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2014"
10,"I owe a lot to this album, as it was the album that introduced me to metal. When I first encountered it, it was a complete accident. I first discovered Mastodon when I heard Brent Hinds would be playing Ryan Dunne in a movie dedicated to him. I put this album on and was blown away, and I haven't looked back since. It was quite a drastic leap for me as I was mostly into Psychedelic rock, but this album changed me. It is a masterpiece from start to finish and pays homage to the metal forefathers of the past. This is a must listen for music fans alike.",0,0,"Oct 21, 2015"
2,"Really not one of their best. The song that  KINDA liked was Lifeline, but this album is just not one of their best ones. One thumb down, and the other thumb right in the middle..",1,3,"Aug 18, 2010"
0,"Terrible.",0,1,"Jun  8, 2009"
7,"Nothing special but it IS better than their last album. Believe me it is.",0,1,"Jun 26, 2009"
6,"Papa Roach are just average at best.",0,1,"Jun 24, 2009"
3,"Disappointing.  I was hoping this would have songs that went to the point of 'Scars' or 'Last Resort', but the only song on here that's even 'so-so' is 'Lifeline'.",0,1,"Sep 10, 2011"
9,"This CD will grow on you as you give it a chance Papa Roach has grown lyricly on this CD give it a chance you wont be disappointed.",0,0,"Jul  9, 2009"
5,"3 songs that I like, the rest... I can tolerate, but it's not their best. I wish Papa Roach was back to lovehatetragedy, which was my favourite album (and the most coherent as well).",0,0,"Jul 29, 2011"
7,"It's not as good as infest, but it is still better than their last album. I actually find myself listening to this more as it gets older. It's not really 'original' more commercial.",0,0,"Sep  9, 2015"
8,"Highly influenced by Sabbath (you can probably hear Iron Man here and there). Lots of powerful rhythms, starting with their first track Scapegoat. The vocal sometimes sounds like Ministry (dont ask me why) and the drummer makes an excellent job. Overall a very good album to put in his collection near The Sword's albums. (sorry for my bad English).",0,0,"Jul 14, 2009"
8,"Absolutely amazing album, it's actually the only album by them I've enjoyed but did they ever step their game up. If you like Progressive metal or Sludge you're guaranteed to love it.",0,0,"Sep 13, 2012"
4,"This album was garbage compared to their older stuff, the band has gone down hill since Sacrament. Ashes Of The Wake was their last good album, that being said... This album was better then Sacrament, I bought that album the day it got released and after listening to it all the way through tossed it into the trash.I'm a huge LOG fan, but their new stuff is exactly what they didn't want to sound like'now that, that Nu Metal is dying out' -( Randy Blythe) the issue is that they are Nu Metal",0,1,"Nov 27, 2011"
9,"Brilliant! Perhaps not quite as good as sacrament, but sacrament is my favourite album ever. This album rocks.",0,0,"Jun  1, 2009"
7,"As a die hard lamb of god fan there is something missing but it still makes me nod my head not bang yet but mayber it will take some time. feedback welcome.",0,0,"Feb 25, 2009"
9,"THis album is bad ass from start to finish. It has everything from each of the previous albums that they needed to capture, all mixed into one nice package. Anyone who craps on this album, needs to stop hating LOG just because they have actually become a succesful major-label metal band. They continue to evolve rather than regurgitate the same album over and over (a la one of my older fav's Hatebreed). I would definitely reccommend buying this album if you can appreciate the same ol heavy tight ass riffs mixed with some new evolving guitar and vocal techniques. Chris Adler is on point as always.",0,0,"Feb 25, 2009"
10,"There's not even a second wrong in this album.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2009"
10,"I love this album no matter what rolling stone says!",0,0,"Mar 24, 2009"
9,"Yes definitely leave sacremant in the dust... because wrath far exceeds it. This album is excellent. furious, aggressive and excellent.",0,0,"May 19, 2009"
9,"Lamb Of God delivered a through and through consequent LP, without any weak part within absolutely great songs. The Intro is one of the best i've ever heard, and the storm of an progressive and at the same time agressive punch in the face caught my attention from first to last second.. for 3 times in a row. It took time to explain to my girlfriend the reason for me listening to it not just once or twice.",0,0,"May 19, 2009"
10,"Not only is the musical verocity still there, but the progression as well! Randy's vocal range has improved with EVERY LOG album, to date! An album worthy of the namesake!",0,0,"May 29, 2009"
10,"Truly amazing. Just as good as Sacrament. Songs such as Broken Hands have powerful meaningful lyrics. They introduce new ideas in songs such as Grace. This album is a piece of art.",0,0,"May  3, 2009"
10,"Goddamn, I think this is Lamd of God's best work to date. Better than Sacrament, better than Ashes of the Wake and As the Palaces Burn combine. Lamb of God keeps heavy metal alive. Asking Alexandria doesn't have **** on these guys",0,0,"Feb 22, 2012"
10,"What is there to say about LOG that hasnt been said before.They are raw, aggressive. And this is THE perfect follow up to Era defining 'Sacrament' but to me this basic and raw LOG is better than the effect laden Sacrament.But whatever. LOG and their music are always top class. Blythe is more diverse in vocals, and his lyric writing is as brutal and sophisticated as ever.And the instrumentalists are as brilliant as ever. The standout for me is Contractor, a tribute to speed punk. And its just a brilliant, and whole album. Worthy of standing alone in the contemporary metal classics. The only thing wrong with it, it has a time limit.",0,0,"Jul  8, 2011"
9,"A very good record yet again from Lamb of God. Like always, it is rather intense, heavy and aggresive while being awesomely catchy at the same time. Some of the tracks are within Lamb of God's best songs. It is really very good. Definitely buy it if you're a Lamb of God fan, but if you aren't this won't do anything to change your mind.",0,0,"Mar  4, 2012"
8,"Lamb of God muestra un lado agresivo en varias canciones y set to fail se convierte en lo mas destacado de este album, aun asi melodicamente me dejo mas impresionado Sacrament, tuvo una atmosfera mas oscura el gran As the palaces burn y un estilo mas contundente New american Gospel, aun asi estos grandes nunca quedan atras, son los mejores en el Groove, en mi opinion.",0,0,"Jun  3, 2016"
10,"I originally gave it an 8, but because of the criminal underrating this album received, I'll give it a ten. Easily the groups best work so far. I'm loving the fact that they tried something different.",2,2,"Nov 20, 2008"
10,"Nickleback delivers yet again. The disk is exactly what you expect. The first two songs are in your face and blow your doors off. It is sometimes comicle sometimes touching and always fun. These guys rock!!!",2,2,"Nov 25, 2008"
10,"An album full of fun and relatability. It entertains right from the beginning, mixing up uplifting songs then toning back down to emotional expressions.",2,2,"Sep 20, 2010"
10,"Nickelback rocks out to a powerful song,",2,2,"Oct 24, 2010"
9,"This is in my opinion this is one of Nickelback's best CD yet, while they still have some lame tracks, it will still  hold your attention if your into the band.",2,2,"Mar  7, 2011"
8,"I've never been a huge fan, i like 'Someday' - but mostly had never taken much interest. Then my brother introduced me to this album. And wow, considering Nickleback have always played it quite safe this album really pushed the boat out. With sleezy tracks like 'Something in your Mouth', 'SEX' and 'Next Go Round' you can't help but like it ! It may be alittle unoriginal but if you play this album loud it simply blows your head off !! 'Burn it to the Ground' and 'Gotta Be Sombody' make you shout the lyrics when - for example - your driving your car to work or home after a night out, you look foward to hearing them again, it's truly an outstanding rock and roll album, nothing more, nothing less, it's noise at it's best.",2,2,"Feb 20, 2011"
9,"I'll start off by saing that, yes, I'm a longtime Nickelback fan. Right, now that 80% of the readers have left, let's get on with it. Dark Horse is a classic Nickelback album - there's no point in pretending that it's wildly different to their previous efforts, because it isn't. Although the instrumentation is less gritty than on the last few records, the basic lyrical themes and core musical elements remain largely unchanged. What were you expecting? Nickelback has always been relatively formulaic in their music, and they're not about to change. That's no reason to not like what they produce, and this is more polished than their previous albums, and with the possible exception of All the Right Reasons, their best effort so far. Don't expect musical inspiration from this record - but what it does, it does very well indeed.",2,2,"Nov 30, 2011"
8,"This is a proper rock and roll album. No over-production, just pure, powerful rock. From the tongue in cheek sex songs, the meaningful ballads and the hard rock speaker blowing songs this album is sure to wake you up time and time again.",2,2,"May 31, 2012"
9,"Nickelback sure showed they had what it takes to create a fantastic record. Tracks like 'Gotta Be Somebody,' 'This Afternoon,' 'If Today Was Your Last Day' were all stand out tracks that made 2008 one of my favorite years in music.",2,2,"Mar 24, 2013"
8,"Not a masterpiece, but surely a great album to put on while on the road or.. simply during doing some house cleanups. way to go Nickelback, proud to be canadian!",1,1,"Nov 30, 2008"
10,"I think this is the best album Nickelback has put out. There's some different stuff on there and 'I'd Come for You' is probably the sweetest song I've ever heard & I will have it at my wedding. 'Just to Get High' is probably the strongest lyrically & musicaly. The message it portrays brought me to tears and could be eye opening to some of Nickelback's listeners.",1,1,"Dec 25, 2008"
8,"More of the same from Nickelback. Some nice easy listening, balls out rock and roll. Why change it if it aint broke? Seriously, why do so many people want a band to reinvent the wheel? Look at Motorhead for another good example of a band that sticks to its guns and keeps giving the fans what they expect. If you're not a pretentious tool and you like a bit of good old fashioned rock, you'll like this!",1,1,"Dec  5, 2008"
6,"Ok, maybe not one of the best albums of all time, but hey given the mediocre post grunge/alt rock offerings in today's music market it's not that bad. Yes the songs are pretty repetitive, but look at bands like Slayer who have rehashed the same old crap since the mid 80's. Stop whining and take it for what it is!! Chad may be the king of cheese, yes he writes some irritatingly catchy tunes, but if you don't like it go check out some some o' that euro beat dance crap.",1,1,"Jun  5, 2009"
10,"Best album they have put out....what amazes me is that so many people dis this, and every other cd, but never offer up a 'real artist' to listen to so we can all have a stomping parade on them, mainly because their callow souls cannot take anyone dogging their musical taste, or 'lack there-of'. If a song sounds the same, they all complain. What do you want....a rock song followed by a piano song, followed by Celtic music, followed by a rap song? Shame on a band to 'explore' topics such as sex, drugs, etc, I mean, all artists talk about it, but it is only bad if a mainstream artist does (rolling my eyes)! You would be hard pressed to find any musical act that has not at 1 point or time talked about sex and drugs, unless you are listening to Opera, Classical, Celtic, or Christian! Get a grip and come up with some better excuses to bash Nickelback! Name someone with a better singing voice than Kroger....Cobain, lol!!! I am a singer, and his range is hard to match, but it is pretty easy to sing the candy a$$ songs of so called 'artists' that get rave reviews. The people that bash this cd are the same people that wear short sleeved shirts over long sleeved shirts over short sleeved shirts.......grow up and get out of high school!",1,1,"Sep  1, 2009"
10,"Awesome driving music. If you are looking for lovey dovey songs like Far Away, this is not for you. Harder rock, better guitar, sexier lyrics. I love it.",1,1,"Dec 12, 2008"
9,"One of their best. Not quite as good as Silver Side Up but much better than All The Right Reasons.",1,1,"Dec 14, 2008"
8,"I think as NYT puts it the band does move a little away from their comfort zone, but I do enjoy the album, and Kroeger's lack of self gratification.",1,1,"Dec  3, 2008"
10,"I think its their best album. Anyone claiming originality to be the problem need to go back about 70 years and/or get shot. Out of so many years of music, what the heck else are you going to right a song about? I think it beat All the Right Reasons, and that was a tough one for me too. Each album gets better, and yea, they're sound has changed over the years. That's what keeps them at the top of charts people. Not sounding the same every time.",1,1,"Dec  5, 2008"
6,"A respectable album, I'll give it that. 'Never Gonna Be Alone' and 'Gotta Be Somebody' were my favorites, but 'This Afternoon' is worth listening to as well. Problem is, many of the songs just don't feel like Nickelback. They've changed since 'All The Right Reasons,' that's for sure. But that doesn't mean 'Dark Horse' isn't worth listening to. It's an album I enjoy, and would recommend to other Nickelback fans as well.",1,1,"Nov 22, 2008"
10,"How cruel can these people be? obviously they are do not listen to Nickelback! This is their best album yet hands down!",1,1,"Nov 23, 2008"
9,"I liked it, but it does have almost predictable rythm and lyrics at times so for that I gave it a 9. But I really am enjoying listening to it. I did notice some repetitiveness that may get more annoying the more I listen to it. But like all CD's I will end up with a handful of gems that I listen to all the time. Good stuf.",1,1,"Dec 12, 2008"
7,"meh, this album isnt as good as all the right reasons but its still pretty good. burn it to the ground is my favourite song, and if today was your last today is cool too",1,1,"Dec 23, 2012"
10,"nickleback are down and dirty with dark horse from loving when there's something in your mouth to hanging out this afternoon and everything in between easily one of there greatest albums",2,3,"Nov 21, 2011"
10,"Nickelback's new album, Dark Horse, is arguably one of their best yet. It houses over 10 tremendously good songs with purpose and with reason. The songs are all in a beautiful tempo and tone and the music sends a message, it is great if you are not feeling good, it cheers you up. Nickelback have always made music from their heart, and this is no different.",2,3,"Jun 12, 2012"
5,"Nickleback has just gone down hill since Silver Side Up. All the originality is gone and now they just sound like any other mainstream Alt Rock band.",2,4,"Jan 10, 2009"
1,"Kurt is turning in his grave :( 1 mark because they chose an amazing band to imitate badly. Shocking. Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz",2,5,"May 16, 2011"
1,"Horrible album. I've never liked nickelback. If you want to listen to real music, listen to Tool or Breaking Benjamin. Most mainstream sucks. And Nickelback is no exception. If you're going to make a 'new album', at least change some of the lyrics up...a big disgrace to rock...",0,1,"Oct  1, 2009"
0,"It's either a searing parody of Nickelback's previous albums, or the worst collection of songs ever written. I'm betting on the latter.",0,2,"Nov 25, 2008"
1,"This album is genuinely terrible. Their last album was bad, but redeemable because of some good songs. Any middle school droput could write this. The riffs are repetitive, and while this wouldn't be a bad thing if the riffs or melodies or anything were actually good, but as it is, they are terrible. There is absolutely no originality in the band or between the songs; they all have the same feel, the same sound, the same instrumentation. I'll admit that it's not as bad as a lot of what's out there, but that doesn't make it good. There is always the consistent drone of distorted guitar and heavy drums, the chords don't follow any pattern or make any sense, and this is even more bombastic and melody-less than any of their previous releases. Also, the system they use for averaging critics ratings on this site doesn't work with the AllMusic guide ratings, because the lowest rating on there is a 1/5, not a 0/5. Just thought I'd throw that in there.",0,1,"Dec  2, 2008"
0,"When are they going to stop letting horny 8th graders write the lyrics? All their songs sound the same.",0,1,"Jan 10, 2009"
0,"I think everyone is finally waking up from their deep haze to realize that Nickleback SUCK BALLS! Hello?? They make their music for 12 year old masturbating boys.....There is more talent in Pearl Jam's shit then there is in Nickleback's best moments! Come on everyone! Remember Bush? Thats right, you don't....because Nickleback stepped in and took over the duty of making post grunge wanna be bullshit! Do yourselves a favor and GRADUATE to some better music.....Pearl Jam, Alice in Chains and STP for starters......listen to these TRUE musicians and realize who shitty Nickleback and Bush pathetically tried to copy.",0,1,"Jan 18, 2009"
0,"Is there anything left to say? Nope.",0,1,"Feb  4, 2009"
0,"Crap from a band who could do much better. I saw them in concert in harford and made the mistake of taking my 12 yr old. It was the biggest porno show (dildos,filthy talk etc attempt at stand up comedy i ever saw...But at least they played 7 or 8 songs....just so disappointed.",0,1,"Jul 26, 2009"
1,"I used to be a fan. But they have become so completely unoriginal... It's just sad.",0,1,"Nov 21, 2008"
0,"Maybe the most unoriginal, tackiest, and most boring bands out there? Definitely maybe.",0,1,"Nov 22, 2008"
0,"Rolling Stone has officially jumped the shark.",0,1,"Nov 24, 2008"
0,"I love Nickelback! Really. But the truth is it (Dark Horse) is an awful album. I know everyone's going green but recycled music is not included. Maybe it's time for Nickelback to let someone that still has passion to write their music for them. Clearly Chad has lost that passion. It's hard for me to say that but it's the truth.",0,1,"Jan 11, 2009"
0,"Nickelback has never been original. But still, when I heard about their new album, I decided to give it a go. Heck, it was produced by the guy who brought is Back in Black! Maybe it Nickelback was finally being creative! Alas, what I got is Nickelback's worst album. Kroeger has NEVER been a good singer. But here he sounds like some pathetic drunk. And looking at the lyrical themes, that probably is what he is. To start off, lets look at the songs. Most revolve around sex and drinking (or both!). The other themes are cheesy ballads, rendered totally inscencere due to the other songs. These ballads are bound to become hits, and people are bound to rate this pile of crap 10/10 because of them [without even LISTENING to the rest], but for those of us (woe-fully) in the know, this is Nickelback posing as 'softies' just to get their fans $$$. The songs about drinking and sex are horrible. You see, Nickelback has alway been vulgar. Nobody has ever noticed, either because the cheesy singels either drew them in, and they just bought the album just to listen to the singles, or because the singles told them all they needed to know. But Kroeger seems intent here to show how vulgar Nickelback really is. And while doing so, why not prove to critics that he really IS an idiot. There are so many bad lyrics, to list them all is to copy and paste all the lyrics from the album. Quite literally they ALL SUCK. (In S.E.X. 'X is just to mark the spot'...and that is one of the WAY BETTER lyrics). The songs don't pack a punch, and like always, seem like previous recycled hits. In all truthfullness, to point out all the reasons that make this album bad would take forever. So I'll end it at this: If you thought that Nickelback couldn't get much worse, they do!",0,1,"Jan 19, 2009"
0,"Absoulute crap. Nickelback has always been bad with ballads, and here, the best tracks are ballads. So you know what your getting into. The tracks are weak. Lyrics are so poor, they could pass of as an exagerrated parody of Nickelback. So exaggerated, in fact, that many would dismiss the lyrics saying 'Nobody is so stupid as to wirte a lyric like that'. Turns out, Kroeger really IS that stupid. Incredible. As for what Ashley C. said, dear, I surely do hope your weidding day is FAR FAR into the future, because that song is so incensere and cheesy, it is obviously only done for commercial reasons (do you really want a commercial generic song played at your wedding?). Also addressing another commenter, Stephanie S. epitomizes all the people who gave this album a good review. She stated that she loved the album except for a raunch, and gave the album a 8/10. But here is the problem, THE WHOLE ALBUM is raunch. So how can you love it? Obviously she only heard 'Gotta Be Somebody' and mindlessly gave it a good score. And that goes for everyone who gives this a good score. Its not an opinion, this album is universally bad.",0,1,"Jan 19, 2009"
0,"All I can say is that I feel raped. The lead singer has violated me and I want my computer space back because I obviously would never buy this crap so I pirated it. CANADA! I CAN DO THAT LEGALLY! My oh my. I would rather listen to Aqua as my wedding song than ever having to listen to this crap ever again.",0,1,"Nov  9, 2009"
0,"I think the real problem is, just sheer repetitive boring music. And i know im not the first to say it. But the themes they explore in this album like sex, and drugs and stuff have been explored by other and better bands and have been expressed with far greater artistic merit. I think Chad and his band of meat head musicians need to pack it up and hang their guitars up for the sake of humanity.",0,1,"Apr 25, 2009"
0,"People should be ashamed to give this a high rating. Also, big LOL at the person saying Nickelback is for 'normal' people. I'd like to think I'm a 'normal' person, I just have the intelligence to discern utter crap from decent music. There's music I don't like and won't listen to, but can respect. This is just pure garbage, through and trhough. Every Nickelback song sounds exactly the same. It's even been proven on many websites by playing 2 different songs out of the left and right speaker. This band is one of the biggest plagues on music, and makes me utterly embarrassed to know they are Canadian as well. Do us all a favour and go back to Alberta and STAY THERE.",0,1,"Jun 10, 2009"
0,"Cookie cutter music fed to those that have no interest in hearing anything unlike they have heard a million times before. Nickelback defines a new category of Rock, Butt Rock, hopeless junk that is spewed without any thought at all given to it.",0,1,"Nov 18, 2008"
0,"Yeah Rolling Stone, he comes off and writes music about as well as any regular guy with no pretensions to talent, how does that help matters at all?",0,1,"Nov 18, 2008"
0,"great another nickleback album, these guys are like the weak zebra in the herd that the lions pick off, and after they taste it they leave it for the vultures",0,1,"Nov 19, 2008"
0,"Melodramatic lyrics that any highschooler could write. Repetative riffs and melodies that reek of uncreativity. The question is not if it's bad, it's what is there to like?",0,1,"Nov 20, 2008"
2,"Gur, we are do not listen to Nickelback! We no like boring, unoriginal music, gurr.",0,2,"Nov 28, 2008"
0,"People need to stop slagging nickelback regardless of how bad they are. middle america needs something simple and predictable to listen to on their way to walmart and the burger king drive-thru. unfortunately radiohead happens to be a bit too heady for joe the plumber. it seems to me that most culturally aware and educated people are able avoid putting themselves in the path of nickelback's overexposure. if you still listen to rock radio, you've got nothing to complain about. most of that rubbish is just as bad as nickelback.",0,1,"Dec  8, 2008"
0,"I've heard better musicianship from a deathcore band.",0,1,"Nov  6, 2009"
1,"its a damn shame Nickelback are decent enough musicians, because they're using up perfectly good blue collar rock riffs to back up some of the most unoriginal, bland and just plain moronic lyrics anyone has ever written. dont get me wrong kids, sex and drugs are fun, but artists with street cred find ways express their lust for women and drugs in a somewhat intelligent fashion. oh and by the way, the first guy on the list here wants bands that don't suck to offer up? Ubiquitous Synergy Seeker, Pearl Jam, Sublime, Led Zeppelin. look em up, its what real music sounds like. better singing voice than chad kroger? Dallas Green, Arethra Franklin, Gord Downie, Mariah Carey, Chris Cornell.",0,1,"Sep 23, 2009"
0,"You can tell Kroeger is a high-school dropout (read the interview he did for playboy if you don't believe this). His lyrics are a joke, and so is the music. Please stop buying his stuff, people, so that he can stop making it!!",0,1,"Dec 19, 2008"
1,"I give it one point just because the guitarist uses pinch harmonics in the first song. It surprises me they did those, I thought something like that would be too hard for them.",0,1,"Dec 21, 2008"
0,"Nickleback has killed Rock. Only ONE song is catchy, but the rest is crap! WARRNING: Do not listen to this 'rock album'. This album should join in 'The Worst Collection of Albums In History' with this album being No. 1",0,2,"Aug 18, 2010"
0,"I used to love and come up with excuses for why I loved Nickelback. Until Dark Horse came along; offensive, lazy, stupid and hypocritical (How do you go from a magnum opus like 'Never Again' to garbage like 'Something In your Mouth' and 'Shakin Hands'?!), Dark Horse is a shoe in for worst Album of the new Millenna. Let me reitorate, I've seen Nickelback live and loved all of their albums until Dark Horse. Dark Horse has effectively ruined a band for both fans and die hard fans alike.",0,2,"Sep 29, 2011"
0,"This album is a joke. With each song sounding the same as the next, it is clear that Nickelback ran out of ideas long ago (if they ever had any to begin with).",0,2,"Jun 26, 2011"
4,"'Dark Horse' es un album revuelto, dificil de digerir y muy complicado en cuanto a su complejidad, sin alma ni sentido lirico ni de sonido en ninguna de las pistas, puedo decir que es el trabajo mas flojo de Nickelback en toda su larga carrera de vagos trabajos, no se sintio su innecesaria necesidad de innovar tanto como en este album puesto que suena como una serie de lados b desechados de anteriores malos o mixtos albumes de 'Rock?' es el nombre del genero musical que merece este album.",0,1,"Oct 18, 2011"
1,"1 point for If Today Was Your Last Day, because other than that this release is one of the worst albums I've ever had the displeasure of hearing.  Nickelback has redeemed themselves (sorta) with Here and Now, but that still doesn't excuse this album from sounding like a dance pop auto-tuned disaster.",0,2,"Jun 19, 2012"
1,"No. This album is a simple no. Nickelback has been a stain on the music scene since their debut, and the fact that some people seem to think they're the best band Canada has to offer....look at these few bands: The Agonist, Evans Blue, Into Eternity, Kataklysm, Protest the Hero, and of course Rush. The TRUE greatest band from Canada. Sure, The Agonist, Into Eternity and Kataklysm are more towards the death metal/extreme metal side of music, but they're STILL better musically than Nickelback. And you can't compare Nickelback to Rush. Rush trumps them BAR NONE. Nickelback sucks, period.",0,1,"Aug 22, 2013"
9,"Right i know, i know why do i give Nickelback the most hatest band in the world a 9 for this album. Well i'll tell you now i aint a fan, i work for the music industary and have no interest in this band. but when I heard this album it was like where's the party? I think people just give bad reviews for this band cos they are so successful. The song are very catchy and i did watch a DVD of a live performace and yes they do talk dirty but from an adults point of view with out a child they were very funny and the music and the pyro were very good. like i said I don't like the band but this is a great album!",0,0,"Nov 13, 2009"
7,"Its a bit cruel of some ppl 2 say that the new album is total shit,cuz it defiently have some worthy singles to listen 2,but as a huge fan of nickelback i must confess that their new style is a bit unexpectable.",0,0,"Jan 11, 2009"
9,"I believe myself that this is one of Nickelback's greatest albums yet. It may have what you guys say recycled music but its still great and has some amazing songs.. I myself do not hear any recycled music in this album just like i don't when I heard a different album that a so called professional critic said was recycled junk.",0,0,"Mar 19, 2009"
10,"Perfect album for fans, radiolisteners, and for critics to get their teeth into.",0,0,"Apr  3, 2009"
9,"This truly is a fantastic album, I honestly cant understand why the so called 'critics' would give this record a bad rep. It's everything Nickelback is; the sound, the lyrics, the sex... its all here. If you never liked Nickelback to begin with then this album is not for you; but I can honestly say without question this is an album the fans will not be disappointed with. Think 'All the Right Reasons' if you have to compare it to anything; and you'll know exactly what you're in for. 9/10",0,0,"Nov 18, 2008"
7,"Nice to see them get away from all Ballads.",0,0,"Nov 21, 2008"
9,"This is just as good as All the Right Reasons. If you like Nickelback, you'll like the album. If you don't like Nickelback, you won't like the album, it's that simple. For fans of the band this is what they want.",0,0,"Nov 20, 2008"
8,"I think the album is pretty good. Sure, it's different from all the right reasons but it's not BADDD... I love it, except for all the raunchy songs. However, I really think Nickleback should stick to ballads. They're raunchy songs sound really forced.",0,0,"Nov 24, 2008"
9,"What is wrong with the 'professional' critics? Nickelback is not like your precious Radiohead! Nickelback is for us 'normal' folk. They give us songs about hope, love, sex, and having faith in something that you dummies can't see right in front of your face. Mutt Lang did these guys justice on this album and you all can just bite it!",0,0,"Jan 27, 2009"
0,"as musicians Nickelback has gotten a huge lash from both critics and fans of rock. cant say i blame them one bit. this album is like nickelbacks other works. it has one song that stands out that you can like while others simply make you feel disgusted at what you just heard. only a few songs i heard by this band do i like. other songs by them are just terrible due to poor writing and repetition of the riffs. Chad Kroeger either never had passion for song writing or just cant come with something enjoyable.",0,0,"Apr  6, 2016"
0,"Back when Mudvayne first came out they weren't the best band ever, just got another metal band, but they were okay. As time goes by and music evolves, music like this has become so dull and boring. Its hard rock (which isnt even good) they play on radio stations and in movie trailers. What is this band trying to do anyways? This record is weak compared to their previous which were also weak. Theyre obviously doing this to make money so they can... Honestly this album is horrible and I don't see this band ever progressing. So don't waste your money. Because you mine as well as listening to Disturbed. Theres better music out there.",0,1,"Nov 22, 2008"
7,"First, it should be said that anybody who enjoyed Lost and Found will probably enjoy this album. Also, this should be listened to in context, preferably right after listening to previous Mudvayne albums, at least for the first listen. This album is not a large departure from their old sound, but it adds a few new elements to it. First, and most noticeably, is the addition of guitar solos. Those who shudder at that thought should not worry - there are not a lot of guitar solos, and those which are to be found aren't excessive (try Disturbed's latest album, Indestructible, for an example of overdoing it). Also, there are more layers of guitar in many songs which adds an entirely new melodic sound that previous Mudvayne songs didn't have. Some might say this is the beginning of them selling out to the mainstream or something, but it can also be seen as simple musical progression. The rhythm section is excellent as usual, the guitar riffs satisfyingly, and... Chad probably has the least inspired performance out of any of the members. Sure, he sounds good, he's definitely capable, but he lacks the emotion that most of his earlier work had (whether Hellyeah had any effect on his singing now is up to the listener). 'Dull Boy' is probably the least interesting song on this album, closely resembling 'IMN' from Lost and Found, and it was also released on their fan-inspired album. The first four tracks or so are quality Mudvayne material - 'Fish Out of Water', 'Do What You Do', 'A New Game', and 'Have It Your Way'. 'Fish Out of Water' is a strong opener, but it doesn't quite live up to 'Silenced' and 'Determined' from Mudvayne's previous two albums. 'Do What You Do' sounds like a familiar mix of Lost and Found and The End of All Things to Come, and its accessibility makes it an obvious prime choice for a single. 'A New Game' has a strong enough opening two minutes that it seems like it might have been a good opener, but then it slows down, featuring a guitar solo. It takes so long to fade out that it seems like it would have been an appropriate end to the album since 'We The People' ends rather abruptly. 'Have It Your Way' is a strong fourth track, but 'A Cinderella Story' doesn't quite have the same punch. 'The Hate in Me' is another strong track, still not quite living up to the anger of older Mudvayne work. 'Scarlet Letters' is the first of the two softer songs, and its change of pace makes it a standout. It's more melodic than most of the tracks, and it lets a little beauty shine in an otherwise mostly dark album. The bottom line is that The New Game is a strong album, one that Mudvayne fans should embrace, and it's probably a good start for a more noticeable departure in sound - look out for the new Mudvayne album planned to come out in about six months. The progressive elements that could be heard on Lost and Found are beginning to materialize more in The New Game, and hopefully Mudvayne's newer work will continue to become more interesting. Flawed as it may be, it's definitely a step in the right direction.",0,0,"Nov 19, 2008"
7,"It's a good effort. The record is more mainstream than their past work, a little generic at times, but the heaviness is still there. Fans of Lost and Found won't be disappointed. It's no L.D. 50, though.",0,0,"Nov 30, 2008"
9,"The first time I listened to this album I was in a mild trance after two hours of meditation, and I was really impressed (and touched!). The sound of the album was shockingly weird to me, with mastery of instruments as usual. Now that I've listened to it a dozen times, I still really like the album, but I'm not as impressed, it might be my fault as the listener though. Chad does seem to have lost the intensity of suffering that he infused into his signing before, but his getting married might not let him get into deep insane drugged up depressions anymore. My roommate discovered something really cool though. It might be an illusion, but on the four first tracks at least, the opening riff is introduced in the song before it. Look for it, it's really cool! And it might be an indication that Mudvayne's hiding something in their music once again. Sorry if my writing isnt electrifying, I just ate a great deal of cookies.",0,0,"Nov 30, 2008"
9,"If you do not like this type of music, don't listen to it. You both mention Disturbed and Mudvayne as if they're run-of-the-mill and ... overdo guitar solos? Yeah ... nice. You're both idiots. That is all.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2008"
9,"Great Album - Mudvayne have stepped up there game and put out lean, heavy, sometimes progressive, and catchy record.",0,0,"Dec 13, 2008"
8,"Not as good as I was expecting, but it's not bad. I think they went too soft on this album. The songs are good, but it's not the Mudvayne I was used to. There we're softer songs on other CD's, but this one is dominated by them. While it's still a good CD, I hope they go back to the old style for their next album.",0,0,"Apr  9, 2009"
8,"OK the album is not Mudvaynes best, Buts they must be making sales. Personally, I like The New Game. When it comes to songs like 'Have it your way' or 'Do what you do', It gets back down to the roots of what made Mudvaye good in the first place. Blasting out good metal tracks. OK yes, both of those songs are 'secure' when it comes to the sound of Mudvayne but not all artists come out with something fresh and new. But Chad has deffinitly put a lot into this album vocally (compared to L.D. 50). Just listen to 'A new game', it thrives on what Chad Grey has learned in his years with Mudvayne (and Hellyeah). Mudvayne have progressed through the years, They have come a long way from 'Kill I Oughta' and 'L.D. 50'. Not to mention, they have progressed for the better. Look at it from their point of view, If they stayed with the sound of 'L.D. 50', they wouldn't have half the fan base that they have today. And if they did stick with the sound of 'L.D. 50', then everybody would complain that its the same old sond over and over again. Mudvayne have done well to reach as many fans as they possibly can while keeping they existing fans happy. I like the new Mudvayne album 'A New Game'. Keep up the good work.",0,0,"Aug  3, 2009"
10,"First and foremost this is a biased opinion of this latest offering from Cradle of Filth",0,0,"Feb  8, 2009"
9,"These so called 'reviewers are all idiots and have no appreciation for metal. No this isn't as good as there classic albums (Dusk and her embrace...) but it; still a damn good album that deserves multiple listens.",0,0,"Nov 22, 2008"
10,"First and foremost this is a biased opinion of this latest offering from Cradle of Filth",0,0,"Dec  6, 2008"
8,"Cradle of Filth are back. It was a real pleasure listening to this album after the medium Thornography and Nymphetamine. This time around Dani and the boys created a concept album based on the life and crimes of Gilles de Rais. A very good and powerful album with the unique characterizing vocal style of frontman Dani Filth, the super fast drumming of Martin Skaroupka and the always great executed guitar work of Paul Allender. A faster, better album than the previous two, Cradle seem to have found their way back to the top as one of the most extreme metal bands out there. Songs like The Death Of Love, Honey and Sulphur, Shat Out of Hell,Godspeed on The Devil's Thunder and Ten Leagues Beneath Contempt are the greatest examples to give off how unique,melodic but aggressive at the same time Cradle of Filth's music is. This album's atmosphere transfers you back to the time of Joan of Arc and Gilles de Rais as the album slowly reveals itself and through Cradle's lyrics and music, you almost feel like you are in a heavy metal 15th century surrounded by murder, perversion and conspiracy. The only thing missing is Sarah Jezebel Deva's absolutely haunting vocals that always take Cradle a step further. I rate it with 8 out of 10. Truly a very good comeback for Cradle of Filth.",0,0,"Sep  5, 2011"
9,"Not as good as nymphetamine but still excellent. Shat out of hell is the best to me, what else to wright, just listen and enjoy :) ..............",0,0,"Dec 30, 2011"
7,"The thing about metal, as I see it, is that lyrics should be the last thing you worry about. The music should create emotions and atmospheres that speak for themselves. But here, Gojira want you to hold on to every word, which is the albums biggest flaw, since the lyrics are clunky and blunt (not in the good way). They put them on the forefront of your listening, and they won't let you ignore them. But aside from this, the music itself is incredible. It reminds me a lot of Mastodon's Remission, one of my all time favorite albums. But they still have their own disctinct sound. It's a great album, just not a classic one. And they need to tone down the high school-level poetry. And I know I'm going to get cursed out by hardcore Gojira fans. Just be tasteful about it.",0,0,"Nov 22, 2008"
9,"This is my second favourite Gojira album ,after From Mars to Sirius. It is a fantastic mixture of melody and brutality. Every aspect of it is great. I'd definitely recommend it to any fan of metal, especially progressive, death, or extreme.",0,0,"Jul 16, 2013"
9,"After the success of their third album 'From Mars To Sirius', Gojira evolved in countless ways. The drummer Mario Duplantier had a noteworthy progress towards complexity and speed on his equipment. The lyrics are melodic, following a general theme throughout the album and Joe's vocals blend in very well with the brutality of it, specially during 'All The Tears' and 'The Art Of Dying'.
The increased complexity of the album with the addition of new elements brought Gojira to its peak, showing once and for all metal is not dead. Not while these bad-asses are still playing around.
Highlights: Every single song.",0,0,"Jul 28, 2015"
10,"Don't listen to metacritic. They do a poor job of collecting all the reviews (they also sometimes get the scores wrong on some reviews). This album is Trivium's strongest effort to date combining all past elements from their previous albums. It should be on the shelves of anyone who enjoys music in general.",3,3,"Aug 10, 2013"
8,"After reading some of these reviews it's clear to me that Trivium is not out to impress critics - or if they are, the critics just don't get it. This album is full of skilled, hard, fast metal that has enough (an understatement) personality to set it apart from other bands which is exactly what metal needs. This is an especially pleasing departure from Trivium's last album 'The Crusade' which seemed to me to be an attempt at pleasing the aforementionned critics and more likely record companies. Final word - sick.",1,1,"Jan  7, 2009"
8,"Shogun is a beautiful blend of progressive & heavy metal that keeps things interesting from start to finish.  It seems the band has finally crafted a strong project that has plenty of highlights that make the entire album worth whatever you payed for it.  'Torn Between Scylla and Charybdis' is so epic that I'd worry the entire album from then on wouldn't live up to the excellence set on track 2.  But it does.  'Down From The Sky' and 'Throes of Perdition' keep the ball rolling through the mid-section before hitting perhaps the album's heaviest moments on 'He Who Spawned The Furies' (appropriately named).  Toward the end, the title track 'Shogun' is a near twelve minute steamroller of groovin' metal-mania that does a splendid job bouncing between big moments and low, dynamic breaks to prevent the track from ever growing tiresome.  Easily worth a purchase in my book.",1,1,"Dec  5, 2011"
10,"Really epic.
This work further emphasized this young band greatness and dedication.
The riffs and guitar solos just perfect and stunning detail, the bass sounds more epic than the look soft and guttural vocals of Matt Heafy and letters incomparable.
Shogun shows that trivium is not a simple copy of eighties thrash in a modern way, this work comes (in my view) to be comparable with all epic bands of heavy and thrash metal, including the epic band metalllica.
You can not die without having fled this epic album.",1,1,"Mar 14, 2013"
10,"Hands down. Best metal album of 2008. No excuses.",1,2,"Dec  7, 2010"
8,"It's better then their earlier work but it still sounds like Iron Maiden done in a very hyperactive manner.",0,1,"Mar 14, 2009"
10,"There is no flaw in this album. Worth your money. You will like it if you're human. The guitar work is out standing. The vocals coming from the almighty Matthew Kiichi Heafy are outstanding. The Bassist is amazing and if you listen he is audible without draining out the music. The drumming is awesome. The lyrics are a big highlight of the album. Just all around, great album",0,1,"Aug 30, 2010"
9,"The 90% guy is closest to the mark, the other reviewers seem to be very wide of the mark to me, this album is almost as good as it gets. This is Trivium's best album yet, the best heavy metal album of the year, and one of the best of the decade. An essential album for any heavy metal fan!!",0,0,"Dec  2, 2008"
10,"Shogun is a masterpiece with its mix of Ascendancy and The Crusade styles. Matt Heafy, Corey, Poalo, and Travis demonstrate their outstanding musicianship skills with this album.",0,0,"Dec 25, 2008"
10,"Greatest album of 2008 hands down. This album goes so deep that it BLOWS your mind. Every song is great. Can't put it down and can't understand why only a 66! If you are into metal, GET THIS CD!",0,0,"Jan 13, 2009"
10,"The structure of their music, the epic riffs, the incredibly skilfull solos, the malicious screams, the aggressive rough vocals, the amazing clean vocals and the heavy hitting drums and bass truly make this a masterpiece album. Trivium's work is on the same level as work by At the Gates, Death, Dissection and Opeth. Can't get any better than that.",0,0,"Oct 16, 2009"
9,"Trivium shows a remarkable dedication to and mastery of the thrash metal genre. Their work here contains a finesse that keeps things from getting stale even when a few tracks go on for longer than they should. With blistering solos and an excellent combination of the heaviness and more melodic capabilities of metal, this is an album sure to please any metal fan.
The lyrical themes often dive into stories from Greek mythology. Occasionally it uses them for some great metaphors. The song 'Down from the Sky' focuses on a more political theme. Mix in those qualities with a sound the both harkens back to earlier metal bands like Metallica while simultaneously feeling modern and you have a powerful album. One that mixes the new and the old for something truly exciting.
It's a glorious album for metal fans. One that is heavy and packed with material. Occasionally some songs might go on for just a bit too long, but this is one fairly long ride people wont mind taking. Trivium has crafted a refined and all around excellent metal album. One any fan of the genre should check out.",0,0,"Oct 18, 2015"
8,"I have to say this is not may favorite Trivium Album. While it still sounds great I can't say its better than Ascendancy  or Crusade. The songs that i did like on this album, however, were tremendous. Songs like Kirisute Gomen and Throes of Perdition, in my opinion, are so good you can feel your face melting. Now, I cant give it a ten just because of those two songs. Songs in my opinion that just missed their mark were Torn Between Scylla And Charybdis, and Down from the Sky. For some reason, and maybe it was the video, but Down from the sky reminded me a lot of Like Light to the Flies. I can't give it a perfect 10 but i will say that this band never ceases to amaze me with their metal albums. 8/10",0,0,"Jan 20, 2011"
9,"It's funny. If tracks 7 and 8 'The Calamity' & 'He Who Spawned the Furies' were cut from this album, I'd have given it a 10 instead of a 9. That's how good the rest of the songs are. Epic riff after epic riff and impeccable solo after impeccable solo. The bass and drums sound great and are sufficiently high up in the mix. This album is fantastic and the songs really speak for themselves. No embellishment here. No choirs, pianos, harps, samples, ballads, or anything to weigh it down. Apart from the two weak songs (which still would beat the hell out of half the metal bands today), this is about as good as metal gets.
Standouts are Kirisute Gomen, Throes of Perdition, and perhaps the most amazing 9+ minute track I've heard since 'To Live is To Die', Shogun.",0,0,"Nov 29, 2013"
9,"Wow. The only I reason I didn't score this album a 10 is because I just can't see everybody out there really understanding the music. This album had one solid musical theme: To push Trivium way past what everyone was expecting. I would possibly put this album in a 'Best of Decade...' list.",0,0,"Feb 15, 2012"
9,"This album is really a big departure from the heavy thrash influence that was so prominent on their previous album The Crusade. It seems Trivium has found a nice counter balance between Ascendancy and The Crusade that pays tribute to 80's thrash and the hard edge breakdowns and hooks of today's melodic metal scene. Subject to much hate from metal heads everywhere, Trivium seems unfazed by public opinion and this band basically beats to the sound of their own drum, as if to say we don't care what you think or say about us and if you don't like it then kick rocks.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2012"
8,"Never before had I felt such intense urges to grab my ax and pillage a town. Indeed, I didn't know such urges were okay and desirable. That all changed after listening to Twilight of the Thunder God. I finally knew that it was okay, and that Amon Amarth had perfected the art of it. Intensely good metal album. I was very impressed, and commended their ability to be innovative in a genre that is often very narrow indeed.",3,3,"Sep 21, 2010"
9,"This was best metal release in 2008. Whole album totally owns.",1,1,"Oct 18, 2009"
8,"Preposterous guilty pleasure. Highly recommended to sort-of metal fans who dig preposterous guilty pleasures.",1,1,"Nov 24, 2008"
9,"Not being a death metal fan, i was completely surprised by the cohesion and quality of the production. This is a very good album even better than With Oden on Our Side!!!",1,1,"Dec  1, 2008"
10,"This album is a melody-driven powerhouse. This album is Amon Amarth's true opus. With pounding guitar riffs, deep bass, melodic drums and Johan Hegg's brutal, deep guttural vocals, this album is just put together perfectly. This is one melodic death metal album you NEED to listen to, if you're a metal fan. This album will stand the test of time, and come out a classic of its genre.",1,1,"Aug 22, 2013"
10,"The most epic and powerful album of AA, a lot of their best songs are in this album, embrace of the endless ocean, varyags of mirklagaard, twilight of the thunder god, guardians of asegard, etc.",0,0,"Apr  6, 2016"
9,"Another glorious day in the history of melodic death metal was made upon this album's release!
Amon Amarth nails it with epic playing on all accounts (vocals, guitars, drums, etc.)
My favourite song was 'Shape Shifter'!",0,0,"Sep 26, 2014"
8,"Their second worst album. It is more mainstream than anything they have ever done, but a handful of songs do stick out as classic tracks. Not as aggressive as previous efforts (or future for that matter) and not quite as memorable. But don't get me wrong, I loved this album, It's just not their best. (That being the fall of ideals).",1,1,"Dec  8, 2011"
6,"Im going to say now this is their second worst album, their first being behind the silence and solitude which is their debut. and these a lot of flak about this album being mainstream, and yes it is very mainstream. as a whole this album is enjoyable but nothing more, it didnt make me feel any emotion, it was all just nonsense, but like i said i do enjoy this album. if you want to check out great albums by these guys, check out: This Darkened Heart, The Fall Of Ideals(in my opinion their best) and For We Are Many.",1,1,"Mar 19, 2012"
9,"The band's follow up to 'The Fall of Ideals' is not what many were expecting. Yet even when it strays away from metal it stays a fantastic hard-rock album. Things never get too soft.
Most of the songs still feature the heavy, aggressive vocals the group is known for. Same goes for the instrumentals. The difference here is that there are a few songs with a more melodic quality. Clean vocals are used in songs more frequently in the choruses.
However a few songs like 'Two Weeks' are almost completely comprised of clean vocals. Something that may turn off those looking for straight up heavy, loud, and aggressive metal. I personally feel that there's a nice balance.
Luckily though this album shouldn't be too big of a turn off for longtime fans, as it keeps the majority of it metal even if it's not as strong as the previous albums. Regardless the band still shows massive talent here and made an all around excellent metal album. One that I really have trouble finding any fault with.
My total score for All That Remain's album 'Overcome' is a 9.9/10.",0,0,"Apr  2, 2015"
10,"Now they finally are using more Dynamics, Key/Time Changes, different Rythms, tempos, and style that balances of what Music real is at a professional Level 6. Don't get me wrong I love their old Music, but the today is more complete. This is a Masterpiece Album!! The CD should have a Label: WARNING: Songs are highly addicting, please listen at your own risk!!",5,5,"Sep 11, 2008"
8,"Lots of so called 'Old School' Metallica fans have been slamming the guys from the bay area for some time. I grew up on these guys from Kill'em All to what I felt was their weakest album...St. Anger. Not to say it wasn't heavy...just wasn't Metallica to me. This is the closest they have been to the Glory Days of Puppets. I like Rick Rubin and his approach he took with the guys this time around. Everyone ages with time....and so do musicians...you have to take it for what its worth. They still kick some a$$ in my opinion and always will...their Metallica!",1,1,"Sep 11, 2008"
9,"Brilliant return to form.",1,1,"Sep 11, 2008"
10,"Best Metallica Album in 20 years!",1,1,"Sep 11, 2008"
8,"Although not the best Metallica album it's at least better than everything else after the black albumThink as if Master of Puppets and And Justice For All... had a baby, this is it.",1,1,"Dec  8, 2011"
9,"A vast improvement over the previous 15 years' work.  Metallica are back to writing solid songs, and the decision to record at standard E-recording, thus stretching Hetfield's vocals, was the best decision they could have made.
Metallica have reinvented themselves several times over the years, so you certainly can't expect this to sound like Kill 'Em All or Master of Puppets, but why would you want it to?  You have those albums, go listen to them.  The band have bravely followed there own path.  It doesn't always work out for the best (Lulu, I'm looking at you), but this album proves they are still able to write killer songs, and perform them with the passion they're known and loved for.",1,1,"Oct 11, 2012"
4,"Death Magnetic is a way for Metallica to appease fans, and it turns out that as long as you say 'old skool' fans will buy it. This is not the Metallica of old, but the Metallica of today: a bunch of middle-aged rich american men who try to sound like a lame 80s metal ripoff. Trujillo plays bass guitar for the first time in a Metallica record, but he is a fish out of water, completely taken out of his comfort zone. The production is plain horrible, with little dynamics involved and some crappy choices (like the sound of Ulrich's drums).",1,1,"Sep  6, 2013"
10,"1981-2003. R.I.P Metallica....2008: Metallica has spoken and will live on!! Yes, Metallica fans, Metallica is back! Better than ever! Songs heavier than ever, and more meaning. Only problem is that their songs in this album were depressing. But besides the depressing lyrics, their music has came back!! METALLICA IS BACK!!",6,7,"Aug 18, 2010"
10,"2008 marks 25 years since Metallica's very first release, and they're still amazing.  Also, this proves that DEATH MAGNETIC is not just a celebration of 25 years since KILL 'EM ALL--it's original, and every song is worth listening to--over and over and over.",6,8,"Sep 10, 2011"
9,"Metallica is back in my life. Like scores of once rabid fans, I was VERY turned off by the whole Napster circus. This was followed by 'St. Anger,' which I continue to convince myself was recorded by a tribute band called 'Shmetallica.' Anyway, I've been waiting over ten years for this. Since 'Re-Load,' Metallica released a cover album, a live album, and an unspeakably awful album. Death Magnetic has brought me back to new, AWESOME Metallica music. The album honors their roots, draws upon their years of stardom, and yet still has a tinge of metal progression to it. Like 'Back In Black,' every single track of this quasi-masterpiece is infectious. A must for any Metallica fan, 18 to 45.",3,4,"Oct 29, 2008"
2,"Music good, but the whole thing is distorted to hell. It has no power and no dynamics and sounds like your speakers have blown up. One of the worst sounding discs I've ever heard. Very low quality product from such an important band.",1,3,"Sep 13, 2008"
2,"Painfully dull and poorly produced, A great improvement on St. Anger, true. But being honest, a recording of them taking a dump would be mildly more interesting than the past one.",1,3,"Sep 18, 2008"
5,"It still is the best album they've done for about twenty years, but God that's not a difficult thing to achieve. This album does nothing for the imagination though, it's just plain same old Metallica. Nothing special really.",1,4,"Oct 15, 2009"
1,"Please give up the Name Metallica, belongs to young more aggressive Bands.",0,1,"Sep 18, 2008"
3,"I really liked this album the first few times I listened to it. Perhaps it was a new Metallica CD inspired euphoria. Immediately I was thrown back to the MoP days when riffs were hard, Solos fit the song, and intros were mandatory. Somewhere between 10 and 15 times listening to the album through, the novelty was gone, and I could listen to it as a musician, and not a fan. The riffing is not bad. It comes at you hard, but the ebb and flow of Metallica is just not there. James voice sounds absolutely terrible. The production quality of the album is quite bad, and Kirk has layed down some of the worst guitar solos ever recorded. Somewhere a few years ago, Kirk decided to stop making solos match anything in the song. Just playing 16th notes with a WahWah does not a great solo make. Every solo on this album is mindless, feeling less, garbage, and virtually ruin every song to the point of no return. Seriously though, you would be better off leaving them out, the musicality of the album would have dramatically improved.",0,1,"Apr 14, 2009"
2,"gotta tell ya, i think St. Anger might actually have been better. James' voice went to complete crap. now i know hes getting older now but come on guys, this is nowhere near old Metallica. and to say that Load and Reload weren't good, dude you gotta listen to those albums again cause theres something wrong with you. they're close to old Metallica than this new crap. the music isn't speed metal, its a bunch of repeating riffs that have no uniqueness what so ever. i gotta say Metallica definitely let me down with this one. and believe me they are one of my fav bands. i don't think i ever wanna listen to this cd again. i cant understand how you can seriously and honestly compare this album to any of their other ones. they've lost their touch in metal. but i agree with jimmy w., they should play more their age metal. slow it down guys your not in your 20's and 30's anymore. and im sorry James but you gotta do something about your voice brother cause it strayed away from what made Metallica so amazing. and even in Master of Puppets when they played fast, there was so much more feeling in the guitar than there is now. its just noise. they used to 'make love' to their guitars while they played and they don't anymore. i gotta give it a 2 cause it is so disappointing.",0,2,"Oct 11, 2008"
1,"My vote is due to technical reasons, is not a vote to the artistic value. Sound on this CD is awful, audio is too compress, there's no definition of nothing! Please Metallica, remaster your album.",0,1,"Oct  3, 2008"
3,"R.I.P. Metallica has died.",0,2,"Sep 11, 2008"
2,"I tried listening to this album with an open mind but that was nowhere near enough to make me want to ever listen to this album again. Boring and uninspired average hard rock from a one time great band. If I was given this album for free I'd still feel ashamed for owning it.",0,1,"Sep 11, 2008"
5,"Sounds like a remake of load till you get to all nightmare long,then you feel like your back to the master of puppets days but only for a brief second,get out of the studio go back to the garage drink some piss and go back to where it all started,and we might have some hope of getting the seek and destroy days back.",0,1,"Sep 13, 2008"
1,"Really enjoyed this album when it first came out. Seen them live in Boston around the same time and the guys put on a great show. But upon returning to magnetic, recently, I am feeling more and more like this may be an extremely over-rated pile of  Clearly thrown together to combat the festering image of st. Anger, it's overall feel is very generic and if it wasn't Metallica that put this  out it wouldn't be in anyone's collection. Even the load sessions had more depth than this.",0,1,"May 17, 2013"
10,"There's just nothing to complain. Death Magnetic is a 100%-Metallica album, and everyone who gives it less than 10 points probably forgets that Metallica is Metallica oder just doesn't like the real, original Metallica sound.",0,0,"Oct  2, 2008"
9,"This is a return to glory for Metallica. If you don't like this album it is probably because you were a fan of the black album pop-metal era of Metallica. This album reminds me of Justice. The music is awesome, but the lyrics and subjects they now right about keep them from receiving a perfect score.",0,0,"Oct 17, 2008"
9,"If this album had come out between Justice... and the Black Album, it would have been hailed as the natural progression, the forth 'conclusion' to the 'holy trinity', aka the 3 Ride/Master/Justice album series - but more accessible. The songs on this disk are catchy as hell, and addictive. If anything, critics unfairly down-rate this album, because it is not cool in some of the the 'art' circles to give props to Metallica, and many people have still not forgiven them for the Load/St Anger era.",0,0,"Oct  9, 2008"
10,"Metallica have reinvented the term metal with this stunning new album. After the very poor St Anger, metallica have reinstated themselves as the slaves to metal. Epics such as The Day That Never Comes and the latest in tune to the Unforgiven it's not hard to see why Metallica are the most successful band in Metal.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2008"
10,"Best Metallica album since Justice. Enough said. Haters of the album have no arguments, and just want to hate. This is too good to describe. The main draw back is the drums, but I still give it 10/19.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2008"
10,"Simply the best album ever!",0,0,"Sep 13, 2008"
10,"Great album, boys are back in town with thrash metal !",0,0,"Sep 13, 2008"
9,"Not single bad or filler song here, just great all the way through. Two thumbs up for Metallica!!",0,0,"Sep 13, 2008"
8,"It is Metallica tapping into their hey day for inspiration but it is very good and worth listening to.",0,0,"Sep 14, 2008"
8,"Kirk, James and Lars were recently taken off life support and to everyone's surprise they regained consciousness, suffering only minor brain damage (debatable in Lars' case). They went into the studio and recorded a 'Metallica' album! 'Death Magnetic' deserves the stamp of the original Metallica band logo but I would argue that they should have named it 'Awakenings' in reference to the DeNiro film because DAMN... where the hell have these guys been? I first heard Metallica around '84 or '85 when a friend popped 'Ride the Lightning' into his cassette deck and let 'Fight Fire with Fire' rip. Since that moment I was a fan and no amount of change in my musical tastes throughout middle and high school changed that until the black album was released. I threw in the proverbial towel and retired any Metallica T's in the closet and fed off the carcass of their 80's output, another one bites the dust. Now in my mid-thirties, I'm enjoying the popular resurgence of metal, bands like High on Fire and Mastodon (among many others) carry the torch of 'real' metal to the masses and finally it seems an old friend wants to join the party. Welcome back, leave your Armani shopping bag outside and have a beer.",0,0,"Sep 16, 2008"
10,"Amazing album. Just what I expected out of Metallica. I actually didn't hate St Anger as much as most people do. They just went too far from their roots trying to be different and sounded very weird. I've got no complaints with this one. Double thumbs up and I hope they can dish out a couple more albums in the next few years.",0,0,"Sep 17, 2008"
10,"Eventhough critics are unfairly comparing it to their earlier works, Death Magnetic stands on its own as a great album... although the post Black albums were'nt up to expectations, you still have to give the band credit for trying to evolve musically (I'd like to think Death Magnetic is just the first of many albums showcasing that evolution)... Well done!",0,0,"Sep 20, 2008"
10,"Many may say that Metallica lost their touch throughout the last decade or so. In reality, Metallica has always had that fresh enticing feeling to their music that I personally love. Those who complain about the changes Metallica went through are ignorant. The alteration in their style was necessary to their progression as the dominant band in the heavy metal genre. Nobody wants to listen to a band that always sounds the same! That, however, does not deduct from the fact that I am glad about Metallica's return to their original ear pounding sound. As previously stated, they always manage to seem unfermented. Metallica is usually far ahead of their time. In addition, I find it ridiculous when individuals bring Metallica's member's age onto the table. Musical expression has nothing to do with age. On the contrary, the soul gains experience and expressive ability with age.",0,0,"Mar 26, 2009"
10,"This is a fantastic rebirth of Metallica. St. Anger was nothing to be proud of, sure the album has its low spots, but so does any other album. Sure Metallica sold out with Bob Rock, following the huge sucess of the Black Album noone knew he was going to steer Metallica straight into the ground with the double shot of Load and on top that St. Anger. That pretty much explains why he was fired now doesn't it? This is the album that most fans will say 'should have came after ..And Justice For All.' Metallica has regained their unique sound that made them famous in the first place. This is a must own for any Metallica and metal music fan. I do believe James Hetfield says it best 'what don't kill ya, make ya more strong' Cheers to the long anticipated album fans have been awaiting for the past 15 years.",0,0,"Mar  9, 2009"
10,"It took them more than 10 years to become metallica again...better later than never.",0,0,"Oct 10, 2008"
10,"Best album since ...And Justice For All! Faith has been restored - later Bob Rock; may you harm us no more!",0,0,"Dec 10, 2008"
10,"10 tracks on this album each one is absolutely fantastic. Each song is arranged like  classical composition. Comparable to ''...and justice for all'' in heaviness and song length. This one is an instant classic.",0,0,"Dec 20, 2008"
9,"Finally, a proper metal album.",0,0,"Oct 23, 2008"
10,"Metallica Rules... !!!",0,0,"Oct 24, 2008"
7,"It's a return to their hardcore, thrash-metal style, but without the superior songwriting of their 1980s albums. Several songs come close to matching those high standards, but the overly long album is burdened by too many rehashed riffs that they did better back in the day. The over-compressed mix doesn't help either. While it is their best since 1991, it is nowhere near their best work overall.",0,0,"Oct  7, 2008"
9,"no matter what the negative critics say - this album kicks. if it were relabelled with another 'age suitable' band they would certainly approve. remove the 'idea' of what metallica are supposed to be and you have one kick ass album. At its core is killer riffs, great breakdowns and some of the best head busting double bass metal flows that you have ever heard - check broke, beat and scarred and I challenge any critic to not bang that head like their life depended upon it.",0,0,"Oct  8, 2008"
7,"Metallica used to be my favorite band - when I heard this album was going to between MoP and Justice - I was out of mind excited. But unfortunately - I was very disappointed. Poor lyrics and solos for the sake of solos bring the album down. Not a single song would even make it as a filler song on Pre Black Album.",0,0,"Oct  8, 2008"
9,"Overall a very solid album, and a return to form. Would seem to be the missing link between ...And Justice for All and the Black Album.",0,0,"Sep 11, 2008"
10,"Metallica is really back in this album. Every song on the disc kicks ass except Unforgiven 3 which is just good. The best tracks in my opinion are All Nightmare Long, My Apocalypse, and the Judas Kiss. Buy this album ITS F*CKING EPIC!!!",0,0,"Sep 12, 2008"
10,"Excellent album, rating an album with a 10 is very unlikely but i am looking at thrash metal in this day and age and this album is seriously the best thing out there right now. Since the 80's no good thrash metal has come out.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2008"
9,"Finally a good album of Metallica since And justice for all... There is a lot of epic songs, Cyanide is the one i prefer. My only bad note, the drum is sometimes overplayed. Death Magnetic is and will be the metal album of the year, without doubts.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2008"
9,"Finally they did it! Metallica back to its roots. Here's an album that will shut up a lot of people, mostly those that thought Metallica were finished. Try this: This is one of their best album.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2008"
10,"Best In awhile!! I LOVE IT!!!!!",0,0,"Sep 12, 2008"
10,"Imagine Metallica having made albums for the past 15 years which weren't up to the standard produced from the 80's. What sort of album does Metallica need to get their career back to the point of making groundbreaking music? Well, whatever it is they have certainly done that on Death Magnetic. The album sounds as if it fits perfectly inbetween ...And Justice For All and The Black Album. The album has Slayer-esque riffs aswell as Dream Theater influences. Not a single song on the album can be skipped as they all sound so good the moment you hear the thumping of the heart on 'That Was Just Your Life'. Overall, a fantastic rendition of 80's Metallica. Metal up your ***.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2008"
10,"I never give an album a 10, but i had to with Death Magnetic, Because this is truly Metallica best album since 'The Black Album'.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2008"
10,"This album is great!!! Metallica is back and with something to prove. They once again the kings of metal.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2008"
9,"Awesome album. Not perfect, but better than any other metal album of recent memory. Gets better with repeated listens, which creates familiarity with the connections between the scattered riffs. It all comes together in the end.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2008"
9,"A definite return to form. Bravo.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2008"
9,"Metallica are back!",0,0,"Sep 13, 2008"
10,"The boys are definitely back! This is awesome! Sounds like ..And justice for all mixed with rest of the past albums. This is good enough to compare with the 80's records of Metallica. My favourites are 'That was just your life', 'Broke, beat & scarred' and 'All nightmare long'. Can't stop listening this record.. I'm on fire!",0,0,"Sep 13, 2008"
10,"The gods who perfected Heavy Metal after Black Sabbath created it are here to stay. All you haters can go back into your caves for a while.",0,0,"Sep 13, 2008"
9,"This is easily their best work since ...And Justice For All and the best album of the new millenium. Old Metallica fans will feel right at home with that kick ass, in your face metal sound found on Death Magnetic. Kirk Hammet basically reinvents the speed metal guitar with some of his riffs and solos, and James's voice has changed a bit, yes, but I think it's for the better. If you're a music fan in general, DO NOT pass up this album!",0,0,"Sep 13, 2008"
8,"All in all i think this is a great album. Sure it had a few flaws here and there but nothing is ever really perfect. The most disappointing aspect of the album for me were kirks leads,which, for the most part did nothing to elevate the songs and sometimes brought them down a touch. The production also left a little something to be desired, but does not really bother me too much. Overall the album not only met my expectations but passed them. I will be keeping this in my CD player for a long long time to come. Job well done Metallica Thank you.",0,0,"Sep 13, 2008"
10,"Easily sits along Master of Puppets and And Justice For All.",0,0,"Sep 13, 2008"
9,"Great Album - love the opener and Cynide, maybe not up the with ...and Justice but I've had 20 years for that to grow on me - I've heard this album once and I felt like I was 20 years old again - this is Metaliica back at their best - Loved it!",0,0,"Sep 14, 2008"
10,"May very well be on par with Puppets and ...AJFA when the dust settles. I am still surprised at the sense of urgency they show here, as if they knew this would be a make-or-break point in their career. Also, Hammett is out of his f**king mind here.",0,0,"Sep 14, 2008"
10,"Metallica baby, who the hell said they are not relevant anymore.",0,0,"Sep 14, 2008"
10,"This album is superb, its a return to thrash metal yet it is all new sound I love it 1 thru 10, A little tip for listening pleasure: turn it up to 11.",0,0,"Sep 15, 2008"
8,"Put Justice and Black albums in a blender, and you get Death Magnetic. It's actually really good. Best new Metallica I've heard in a long time. P.S. It's NOTHING like that St.Anger crap.",0,0,"Sep 15, 2008"
10,"St. what? Best album in a good while that I have had the pleasure of listening to. 10 hours and counting! Glad to have 'Tallica back in the swing of things!",0,0,"Sep 16, 2008"
9,"I feel like i'm living in 1988-1991 again!! A welcome return. To fall in love with their new album most people will have to listen to it twice. For me, the first song That Was Just Your Life blew me away, it was as if they forgot to put it on ..And Justice For All. I listen to it every day and i'm still not sick of it. St Anger Who?",0,0,"Sep 17, 2008"
10,"Album of the year. On par with Justice, Puppets, Lightning. Just absolutely phenomenal. One of the rare occasions when a record exceeds ridiculously high expectations.",0,0,"Sep 17, 2008"
10,"This is easily the best album since 'Metallica' in '91 - this coming from a fan since Lightning came out in '84. I might go so far as to call it the album that should have followed Justice - in other words, forget all the Bob Rock years, in spite of some really deadly tunes in the last 17 years. As a semi-pro drummer, I can attest that this is one of Lars' finest records since Justice - I got blisters 3 songs in playing along with it. James' riffs are back with a vengeance, and FINALLY they let Kirk cut loose!!! Awesome album. A must-buy for metal fans.",0,0,"Sep 17, 2008"
8,"Call it Kirk's redemption. He sounds like a long caged animal set free! If you happen to be a 'real' Metallica fan who finds him or herself not liking this record....than I say you've given up a long time ago. Past disappointments of the Loads and St. Anger have made you unable to forgive and love Metallica again because this record stands strong with their 80's material.",0,0,"Sep 18, 2008"
4,"I don't have much to say just that since cliff died metallica have never been the same, never will be and never can be. He made the band, made so many of the riffs and since dieing they've lost it. O well least the first 4 albums are good. R.I.P Cliff.",0,0,"Sep 18, 2008"
8,"Death Magnetic is the best thing to come out from these guys since ...AJFA, and it keeps getting more infectious on each listen. Although there are a few remnants of the Black Album - St Anger era, it's a damn good mix of thrash and hard rock, sprinkled with a nice bit of speed. Awesome stuff. Thanks 'tallica!",0,0,"Sep 19, 2008"
10,"Best album of the year and definitely their best since and justice for all... Greta riffs, great dynamic, it just grabs you and make you to play over and over again...that`s just All Nightmare Long:)",0,0,"Sep 22, 2008"
8,"You know what - I was going to give this a 7/10 but because this is Metallica I'll notch up an extra point on my rating. The reason? This album made me grin with the knowledge that I would have LOVED it when I was 15. 'Death Magnetic' has many, many faults - the vocals and drums are way too samey, so many of the riffs are reminiscent of past material, the 2nd half of the album is undeniably weaker than the 1st, there are no truly amazing melodic passages a la 'Master of Puppets', some parts of songs seem superfluous, some of the lyrics are cringe-inducing... but - this is METALLICA and large chunks of this album rock hard so in my best Hetfield roar it is an eiiiiggghhtttt-tahhh!!",0,0,"Sep 22, 2008"
9,"I bought St Anger the day it was released here in South Africa, and gave it away 30 minutes after listening it, that was crud. I'm a fan of Load and Reload, as they have their own hidden gems. Death Magnetic is as everyone says not up there with MoP or Justice...but I think this is the first album Metallica can be proud of in a very long while! Really really really good!",0,0,"Sep 20, 2008"
10,"Death Magnetic rocks SO hard! Anyone who is bashing it is closed minded and to old to know what good music is anymore.",0,0,"Sep 20, 2008"
6,"It's alright. Better than Load and so forth. Another band destroyed by overexposure. Metallica eponymous was their swan song. What happened to the winding mystery. To much straight ahead, not enough story. I by chance listened to #9, the suicide instrumental and I hoped the rest would be better. It wasn't. Dumbed down Metallica.",0,0,"Sep 25, 2008"
10,"I am a die-hard fan of tallica ,even st.anger couldn't cut my strings from boyz,I listened to this album and i'm gonna say that this is HEAVY Baby. it is a real Masterpiece!",0,0,"Sep 20, 2008"
9,"Iv'e been waiting 17 years its about time metallica comes back strong.",0,0,"Sep 26, 2008"
10,"Absolutely amazing, totally makes up for St. Anger. 'All Nightmare Long' is the best song, but I love it all. Tallica is back baby.",0,0,"Sep 27, 2008"
8,"Whew that was a rough 17 years. Metallica comes in strong with some heavy beats and some strong vocals from Hetfield and finally...FINALLY, we have good quality recording and songs that aren't singles aren't throw-aways anymore. Not too crazy about Ulrich's inconsistent drumming and there are some unnecessarily long moments in the album, but overall, very enjoyable metal once again.",0,0,"Sep 30, 2008"
10,"Ah ! Am I really hearing what they say is music? I don't think so... It friggin' elevates me and I might alost believe in levitation...! Yes, one of the finest comebacks of all times a legendary band can ever have.. You have proved it, Metallica ! Right on!",0,0,"Jan  1, 2009"
6,"Two great songs. The rest sounds like the same stuff you have already heard from Metallica.",0,0,"Jan 16, 2009"
10,"Metallica has illustrated with this album the gifts given to a select few honed to a point that transcends music. Drums and bass that retrain your involuntary heartbeat to triple-time, guitar riffs that send ice-cold adrenaline through your body; the things Metallica's brand of music does for which an alternative has yet to be invented . There may be musicians as talented as each of Metallica's members, but there is no complete band in the same building! Define music: what it is, what it should do, the effect it should have on a person and it's potential to have that effect for years to come, and 'Death Magnetic' fits perfectly . The lyrics, presumably derived from the band members' own experiences, encompass basic human emotions and allow the listener to 'feel' those emotions and find the lyrics grafted to their own life experiences. If you allow yourself to enjoy the music as it was intended and do not overencumber yourself with what the textbooks demand that you should enjoy, you will realize that you connect with many of the songs, and that Metallica have been writing their own textbook for decades. God-given talent, the bare-grit of the human experience, society, and the last connection human beings have to one another; Passion. They're writing, are you taking notes?",0,0,"Feb  6, 2009"
9,"Metallica's new album is sure to please those who were disappointed with St. Anger, as well as all other Metallica fans! Some great songs on here, with classic Metallica style guitar riffs and solos. Some of the songs do feel like they last longer than they should, however.",0,0,"Jul 20, 2009"
7,"The riffs remind me of Master of Puppets. Very good, but what happened to James voice? Either the recording sucks or his voice is shot. His voice sounded great until the load album, where he got a country twang. Then St Anger sounded like he was talking in a trash can. If his voice was better, I would have given it a 8. It would have only got a 10 if the songwriting was a bit better. Anyways, at least Metallica finally gets it...no goo album=no money. Make the next album with better song writing and a good voice we will have a 10.",0,0,"Oct 11, 2008"
9,"Best Album Since AJFA. Sounds Like The Metallica I Grew Up Listening To.",0,0,"Oct 11, 2008"
9,"Thank god, they are Rocking again.",0,0,"Oct  1, 2008"
10,"This album was far better than I ever hoped. A fair amount of the anger and passion of their early albums is here, but it's combined with stunning variety and excellent production. Excellent.",0,0,"Nov 20, 2008"
8,"If the rather disjointed 'Cyanide' had been replaced with a song along the lines of 'Shortest Straw' or 'Master of Puppets', this could have been one of the best 5 metal albums of all time. Tracks 1 through 5 hardly give you room to breathe and the awesome live feeling of the production makes you want to slap Bob Rock for leading these musical lords down the wrong path from the black album onwards. Rick Rubin be praised. Welcome back to form fellas.",0,0,"Nov 24, 2008"
9,"This is the best stuff in a really long time. This should have came out after '....And Justice for All'. People have wrote them off as sell outs. I am a long time fan from way back in the 80's. I was a harsh critic of St Anger. I am guilty of thinking they were done as a group. I will admit that I am way wrong on this. Death Magnetic is a real powerful. Its a return of the band that for the most part invented speed metal. Sure there were a lot of British bands and some underground stuff but these guys wrote the manifesto of a new way of thinking of music. This is a brilliant step forward for them. Now they return as the gods of metal. Its time for these guys to show all these new generations of bands how to throw out the violence and power and make it work. 'All Nightmare long', 'Suicide and Redemption' , and 'Cyanide' are way cool.",0,0,"Oct  2, 2008"
9,"A return to their form best, this is Metallica at their thrash metal best. Bringing back the stripped down guitars, snare drums, and throaty lyrics, Metallica is back to kick ass.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2008"
9,"This album is the best effort from Metallica in 15 years. The guitars are where they should be and has many catchy riffs. Don't listen to the critics! Buy it and listen, if you're a true Metallica fan you'll agree this is the SH*T! They nailed it! You people who say Metallica is 40 somethings trying to recapture their youth obviously don't understand music. They are being themselves at 40. Most bands usually are not around at this point, and for sure not writing and recording like this! Set of horns from me! Keep~N~ it HEAVY!! Thanks Metallica!",0,0,"Oct 27, 2008"
0,"Too little, way too late. This should have been the concept after ...And Justice For All. Instead they opted for haircuts and lipstick. Screw this bunch of geeks! I am an O.G Metallica fan from yes, way back when they treated us to the first three singles: Whiplash, Jump In The Fire and Seek & Destroy. Back then, Hetfield raged, Hammett wailed, Burton fuzzed out and well, Lars could never really play but at least he tried goddamnit! This is like the geriatric version of a former Juggernaut, only you feel bad for it cause it's tryin' to get mad at you while shaking it's cane and squinting through bifocals, saliva running down the corners of it's mouth. PATHETIC! I think maybe there's a spot for the band on the American Idol panel, they can offer advice to up & coming metal bands about the perils of hubris.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2008"
9,"Nice to see Metallica back on form with some music that has not left my cd player since its release. I'm not too keen on 'The end of the line' but that aside I love the rest of it deeply and there are a few songs that I just can't get out of my head. And 'My Apocalypse' is just perfectly, utterly METAAAL!!!",0,0,"Oct  8, 2008"
9,"This is not Metallica's first four albums. Get over it. The best music the band has put out since 1990, in my humble opinion. Very good metal (albeit with a few glaring hiccups) that should put a smile on the face of any old school Metallica fan.",0,0,"Sep 11, 2008"
10,"This is easily their best effort since AND JUSTICE FOR ALL. Though perhaps not better than any of the 80s albums, it is a combination of everything that the band is now. Better than I ever hoped for and perhaps an indication where the band will go next. The high rating is for the sheer suprise of the quality of this album.",0,0,"Sep 11, 2008"
8,"As close to a return to form as you will find with a band that has been a band for 25 years.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2008"
10,"Metallica back to true form, Death Magnetic reaches out and grabs your throat and then shakes it for a good 80 min metal ride. Great stuff.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2008"
7,"At least it's better than their last album.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2008"
10,"I can sympathize with those of you who don't like this genre of music. I really can. 3 years ago I would have laughed if someone let me listen to this album. But what you need to understand is that for this genre of music (metalcore/post hardcore) this album trully is remarkable, even though it is far from accesible. Hands down a 10 as far as I'm concerned.",2,2,"Nov 15, 2008"
8,"Probably not worth a 92 metascore, but this album is absolutely stellar. I rarely listen to any post-hardcore and I've listened to this album more than 100 times through. It's a gem in its genre.",1,1,"Nov 16, 2008"
10,"AMAZING FROM START TO FINISH.",1,1,"Sep 12, 2008"
3,"Being a teenager in america is so hard I just need to yell and then sing melodically like nsync.",1,9,"Oct  3, 2008"
0,"Horrible.",0,1,"Dec  4, 2008"
2,"When Metacritc gave this album a rating of 92, I thought, 'this I must have'. In my haste to acquire it, I committed the cardinal sin of not sampling it. Big mistake! I listened to ten tracks with increasing bewilderment and pain. What I was hearing sounded like the inchoate ramblings of a wounded gorilla. Only the final track eased my pain. I love music, all kinds of music. For me, this ain't music: it's sonic masochism!",0,1,"Oct 13, 2008"
0,"Horrible.",0,2,"Nov  6, 2008"
0,"If i could i would drag my sack across Christ's head to get this sack-smoking band to sack sack sack sack.",0,1,"Sep 11, 2008"
4,"There is nothing musical about this album, it is trash, you can't understand a thing the singer is uttering. Quote from a user who liked it: 'Not only do these guys add a since of melody to a usually unmelodic hardcore scene, they do it with so much grace and style that you get lost in the screams.' What the hell is a 'since of melody'? Only an idiot could like this.",0,1,"Sep 13, 2008"
0,"This album is very disappointing. They said it would be their 'heaviest album', which is definitely not. Define the Great Line was by far their best one. Lost In The Sound Of Separation is a kind of 'a weird version of DTGL' and every song sound the same.",0,2,"Oct 15, 2008"
1,"Currently the overall Metacritic score for this album is a 92. This is based on 4 reviews and my guess is that the music is too specialized to be reviewed by anyone else. I doubt Spin, Pitchfork or Rolling Stone will review a metalcore album, and even if they did, the score would be lax, rating it in relation to the genre and not to other music in general. Underoath is polarizing band, so the publications that love them, reeeeaallly love them (AP) and other publications probably consider them a joke, not worthy of reviewing on any level. From what I've hear of their music, I would agree with the latter. Simply put, if this album even slightly cracks Metacritic's year-end best, it will prove that as cool as it seems, Metacritic doesn't really work. Or at least that you can't take most of these scores seriously.",0,2,"Oct 22, 2008"
6,"a change, but not a great change. decent compared to others of their ilk. it is however a JOKE that this album is now #1 on MC.",0,1,"Oct 29, 2008"
5,"Haven't heard the album but i know i don't like this band. That aside i just wanted to point out that the average of these ratings is 85 NOT 92! For some reason Metacritic regards the opinions of certain publications more favorably than others. Why? This is stupid and just reveals a gaping flaw in the Metacritic system which is that the overall scores are not accurate!",0,2,"Oct 31, 2008"
2,"This is trash. And it's corny. Grow up. If this gets a nod for best album of the year and Gza gets snubbed, I might single handedly dismantle the internet. Yessir.",0,2,"Sep 10, 2008"
1,"On a scale from 1 to good, I give it a boo.",0,2,"Sep 15, 2008"
1,"Just to set some facts here before I start this review: I have been listening to Underoath since they've released Cries of the Past. I have listened to every single album, including TOCS, DTGL, The Changing of Times, and Act of Depression. I have also listened to this album three times, and have given it more than enough time to 'set in' so that I can possibly appreciate the music. I like(d) Underoath as a band, although they have begun disappointing with their previous album, Define the Great Line, and now with Lost in the Sound of Separation. Where do I begin? Underoath wanted to adopt a 'heavier' sound since Define the Great Line. Did they succeed? Far from it. The only thing they managed to do is pay Adam over from Killswitch Engage to show the band how to change the tone of their guitars. That's it. If you think changing the tone of your guitar will automatically change you from a post-hardcore band into a metalcore band, you're mistaken. Underoath was originally a very sincere band. The lyrics in their songs gave glimpses into personal relationships, experiences, and included heartfelt emotion. This all changed after Define the Great Line was released. Spencer no longer wanted to scream like Dallas Taylor, and so he started singing in what the new Underoath audience considered 'hardcore'. So he growls and whines and keeps on screaming every two seconds in every song. The screaming turns generic, monotonous, and unnecessary. The lyrics he spews out are incomprehensible (unlike in They're Only Chasing Safety where you could actually understand the lyrics). Spencer's screaming in Define the Great Line and Lost in the Sound of Separation reminds me of someone buying a fake Prada bag from Chinatown in order to show off to her girlfriends that she is just as cool as them. And then they added Aaron's vocals into almost every single song. Probably one of the worst ideas ever. The inclusion of Aarons' voice in Underoath songs were rare, and actually special. They made that certain song stand out, and added a special touch to it (take for example, 'I've Got Ten Friends And A Crowbar That Says You Ain't Gonna Do Jack' from the Special Edition of They're Only Chasing Safety). Now that every song has Aaron's voice in it, we have a blend of Spencer's computerized screaming combined with Aaron's whiny singing. Don't get me wrong, I used to enjoy Aaron's whiny singing in the background of their older songs, but now it is just excessive and unnecessary. And this leads me to one of my main points: every song seems to have a set structure. This structure is as follows: 1) Create heavy distortion on the tone of your guitar and try to imitate Killswitch Engages' sound (which they'll never get right, by the way). 2) Allow Spencer to scream all the way through the song, and allow absolutely no breathing room for the listener. And make sure that what Spencer is screaming can't be understood. 3) Give Aaron just as many vocal parts as Spencer, in fact, take Aaron off drums and have two vocalists. 4) Create 'dramatic' pauses in the middle of your songs, to add a 'unique' feel to every song (which soon becomes nullified because they do this on several songs in this album). This structure seems to be replicated in every song on Define the Great Line as well as in Lost in the Sound of Separation. Like seriously, why is every song indistinguishable from one another? It also intrigues me that some songs in Lost in the Sound of Separation include riffs from Define the Great Line (just slightly altered). Take for example the song 'Desperate Times, Desperate Measures', how this song begins and how 'In Regards To Myself' (from Define the Great Line) begins, is nearly identical. It seems that Underoaths' lack of new guitar riffs has led them to recycle some songs from Define the Great Line. This leads me to another point. Why does this album sound exactly the same as Define the Great Line? Has any Underoath fan (who has heard all or most of their albums), noticed that Spencer was a much better vocalist in his screaming style during They're Only Chasing Safety than he was after that album? Spencer tries too hard to sound 'hardcore'. His screaming seems very forced and mechanic. Unlike other vocalists (take for example Tim Lambesis from As I Lay Dying), Spencer does not scream in accordance to the music playing. His screaming is all over the place, and seems unorganized. If we look back at They're Only Chasing Safety, Spencer's screaming actually 'flows' with the music, and gives a true sense of emotion. Moving on to Aarons' drumming, I must say this: I am impressed. His drumming has certainly gotten better from a technical perspective. However, it saddens me to see his drumming talent go to waste in this album as well as Define the Great Line. As technically marvelous as Aaron's drumming may be, it too, seems forced. If Spencer's screaming could be authentic, I'm sure that Aaron's drumming and Spencer's screaming would fit well. Sadly however, that hasn't happened in Define the Great Line or Lost in the Sound of Separation. Continuing onto guitars. I've already said it--changing the tone of your guitar will not make you sound hardcore. It must be a combination of all the instruments in unison, as well as the vocals, which creates a 'hard' sound. However, setting that aside, the guitar work seems very monotonous--just as it was in Define the Great Line. The guitaring does not pull you 'into' the music, rather, it seems like it's just there for show. Take for example, the song 'Wrapped Around Your Finger' (which Underoath covered in the album Policia!: A Tribute to the Police), or 'Reinventing Your Exit' (from They're Only Chasing Safety) the guitar work pulls you in and envelops you into the music, as the drumming and vocals also help to supplement that feeling. However, I didn't seem to be 'reeled in' by the guitar work in this album. It seemed non-progressive and shallow, in my opinion. After I finished listening to the album, I said to myself: 'Okay, maybe it's because I just listened to it for the first time, maybe I need some time to let the music set in.' And so I listened to several songs from the album a few times a day for a week. However, even after a week of trying to appreciate Underoaths' new album, I failed to find anything extraordinary within it. If I were to choose the few songs that I did find somewhat appealing, I would say these are: 'Breathing In A New Mentality', 'Desperate Times, Desperate Measures', and 'Coming Down Is Calming Down'. And even though these songs seemed to stand out among the other songs, they didn't satisfy my expectations for this album. If you want to hear good metalcore/metal/hardcore/death metal, give these albums a listen: Whoracle by In Flames. The Jester Race by In Flames. Shadows Are Security by As I Lay Dying. Frail Words Collapse by As I Lay Dying. The Shape of Punk to Come by Refused. Songs to Fan the Flames of Discontent by Refused. Slaughter of the Soul by At the Gates. Not comparing bands, just giving out suggestions for those who wish to listen to other bands with good music. So with all this being said, Lost in the Sound of Separation is a disappointing album. With barely any memorable songs, riffs, or melodies, the album seems to have dissipated from my musical conscience within a few days. Underoath was a great band before Define the Great Line, and I thought that with Lost in the Sound of Separation they would return with some great hits, but I am left with an album composed of generic screaming and uninspired instrumental melodies.",0,1,"Sep 17, 2008"
0,"Absolute garbage. From begining to end. If you like this, you're not my friend.",0,4,"Sep  4, 2008"
2,"Listened to this album 3 times after seeing the critics score on this site. There are some good moments on this album but for the most part, I was pretty disappointed. This album is nowhere near the level of Death Magnetic by Metallica.",0,1,"Nov 15, 2008"
7,"This album could only be exciting to someone new to metal. There is nothing here you haven't heard before... Nevertheless, it's a solid piece of work and the recording is masterful. Have your friend burn you a copy.",0,1,"Nov 12, 2008"
9,"Great Album! At first i was a lil skeptical, but after about 10 listen-thru's, I adore this album. Im actually glad close-minded people dont like it. It takes effort but once you learn to enjoy UO, there's very deep beauty to witness.",0,0,"Oct  4, 2008"
6,"This band keeps getting better! It's a rarity these days, but over the last couple albums Underoath has continued to progress into greater complexity instead of becoming just like every other metal band. I can only hope they continue this trend.",0,0,"Oct  7, 2008"
10,"Amazing. This album showcases the fine line Underoath treads between the metalcore scene and the success in the mainstream light.",0,0,"Sep  7, 2008"
10,"I don't think anyone thought that they could out-top 'Define The Great Line', but I will be the first to admit, they really outdid themselves this time. Absolutely fantastic album.",0,0,"Sep  7, 2008"
10,"I think this album is great. I really like underoath and this just gives me more of it.",0,0,"Oct 15, 2008"
10,"This is by far the best Underoath album to date.. I have listened to this album at least once a day since it came out, and everytime i listen to it, i find something new.. This cd is so stacked musically and lyrically. Every single song has so many elements that make it so full and jam packed. As in response to the terrible review given by Salman A, which was his opinion.. in my opinion you are an idiot. just because you think you know what sound Underoath was going for and because you know some bands that sound like Underoath doesn't mean you know anything about the process of making this album. The reason Aaron is on so many tracks is because he can sing, he is the only remaining member from the original Underoath (you should know that) and because he is an amazing lyricist. The two elements of spencers singing and aarons singing work so well together, if you lost one of those elements you wouldn't have underoath.",0,0,"Oct  4, 2008"
8,"While not topping their ridiculously grand 2004 album, They're Only Chasing Safety, underOATH does it again. I am not prone to listening to Christian based music at all, but I make one exception for this Florida screamcore/metal/electric/whateveryouwanttocallit band. Not only do these guys add a since of melody to a usually unmelodic hardcore scene, they do it with so much grace and style that you get lost in the screams.",0,0,"Sep  4, 2008"
9,"Great follow-up to Define the great line which raised the bar quite high. As Chasing safety was the typical ,yet original for the time, album with singles and pop melodies, define the great was the other ditch going all the way on the other side being less joyful and more dramatic and dark all along. Being a one big piece concept album it really was one of the best album I've heard yet. Now they just found the perfect middle where they put a little bit of everything they like, more direct lyrics, a wider diversity of beats and sounds, a wider emotional diversity too, sometime heavier than before other times smoother. They found new catchy melodies that still sounds experimental and that is a great quality of drummer Aaron Gillespie. Also the good idea of splitting the songs in two parts so that the fans who liked more the hopeful and melodic side of underoath (Cahsing Safety) and heavy and dramatic sound of define the great line find there common ground in one song as it is in Lost in the sound of separation. I wouldn't say its a better album or less good than define the great line, a lot of ideas and elements come back from Define in Lost in the sound, though it was already mentioned by the band, still it is not meant to be a one big song like define, its a more easy to love album for the average heavy-melody lover. I believe despite the little weakness it might have, Underoath couldn've done better as a 3rd (Spencer) album.",0,0,"Sep  8, 2008"
10,"Some songs don't sound awesome at first because the cd takes couple plays to start sounding great. But once you get there, you'll understand; the depth is ridiculous, I could listen to this for the rest of my life. Best of 2008.",0,0,"Sep  9, 2008"
10,"This is an excellent album from start to finish. Every song is good in its own right. Their songwriting really has matured a lot since DTGL. Its a shame its only 11 tracks",0,0,"Oct  1, 2008"
10,"one of the great things about underoath is that over time they expand their sound. If you like 'chasing' u like their more pop stuff this stuff is deeper. Listen to the whole album. Unlike most rock bands they have a meaning",0,0,"Oct  5, 2008"
9,"Just before their last album 'Define the Great Line' came out, I had never listened to Underoath. I thought it was the typical screamo band that you can't understand and whose music is just all over the place. I bought 'Define the Great Line' and thought it was awesome. I also bought 'They're Only Chasing Safety' and noticed that there was a definite style change. I was expecting a change for this album but was suprised that it is pretty much the same, just harder. I thought Spencer's vocals sounded excellent and Aarons drumming was awesome (as always). I was hoping for a change in guitar riffs because there isn't a whole lot of variety but they are still great. I would recommend this album to everyone. My favorite aspect of the album is the lyrics. They were definitely more concrete rather than leaving them to question. They make you think about things. I would say 'Coming Down is Calming Down' is my favorite song because of the lyrics. I think overall, the album was more in-your-face than the past couple of albums. Good work guys.",0,0,"Sep 11, 2008"
9,"I'm not Steve O's friend. This album isn't as good as Define the Great Line or They're Only Chasing Safety but its dang close. It was recorded with a lot of lows, so turn your bass down and enjoy this record for a very long time.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2008"
8,"I have been an Underoath fan since 'Safety'. I enjoyed DTGL with much enthusiasm, that it was hard to imagine how to top it, but.... Not only did they match the enthusiasm from the previous record. They unleashed a newer sound from maturity, and the age issue. There were a few moments when it seemed they tried to hard, but all in all... this album pulled through for me.. I listen to it daily.",0,0,"Sep 15, 2008"
9,"Epic album, builds on everything they've done so far and just about surpasses it!",0,0,"Sep 15, 2008"
10,"this is arguably the best thing UO has ever made! it was thought that DTGL would never be topped, but everyone was proved wrong! this type of style will live you speechless and its unpredictable....may you get lost in the sound....not of separation, but of desperation.",0,0,"Sep 15, 2008"
9,"Great Album. A progression from their last Album. How they managed to come out with an Album sounding different to Define The Great Line is an accomplishment giving they still loved that album going into record LITSOS.",0,0,"Mar 29, 2009"
10,"Deep Lyrics, Good Music. Its nice to have a band that can chain together really great albums, and keep on improving. And ten to counter that idiot that said 0. At least explain a reason if you give them a 0.",0,0,"Mar  8, 2009"
10,"Amazing, perfect. I love this band but I dont think of it as emo music as many people do, i just think of it as hard rock or metal. great job underoath!",0,0,"May 31, 2009"
9,"Not as good as Chasing Safety, but this is the next most spectacular Christian metalcore albums, and, with my limited knowledge of the competition, I will say that it ranks with the best of them try listening too the whole album with only the best speakers/ headphones you can find as loud as you can comfortably stand.",0,0,"Nov 22, 2008"
9,"This is a truly great album in all of rock music for me, it seems revolutionary what they do on it!",0,0,"Dec 12, 2008"
9,"I've gotta say, if you're a fan of 'They're Only Chasing Safety' and not 'Define the Great Line,' then you will be slightly disappointed in 'Lost in The Sound.' The band has not abandoned their new sound that they adopted with their 5th release. Although I prefer 'They're Only Chasing Safety' and 'The Changing of Times' over pretty much any other album of this genre, 'Lost In the Soun' is extremely high up on my list. Deffinately well worth listening to.",0,0,"Dec  6, 2008"
9,"A few years back i was listening to whatever my parents listened to. But now i find myself listening to things that would have scared me. This is one of the first metalcore albums I have bought and while not perfect it is pretty exciting and hard. It goes for a melodic and brutal approach at the same time with pounding drums and guitars that are just all over the place. It is truly one of the most refined albums i have brought this past year.",0,0,"Dec  7, 2008"
10,"Why are people talking about metacritic's system and Metallica? Completely irrelevant. I don't think I can take their opinions serious now. However, the way I view this album, it is transcendent on many levels. Mainly musically. There is a lot of talented displayed throughout the album. Especially from Gillespie. He really dishes out some very difficult rhythms and makes them subtle too. There's a part where the kicks are in 4/4 and his snare hits are in 5/8. Pretty damn incredible. He even sings while drumming rather fast and intricate rhythms as well. This man is very coordinated. They play in some weird meters if you listen closely. This album boasts originality. It's unfortunate people take the time to notice it.",0,0,"Dec  9, 2008"
8,"They are great in concert. way better than last album. pretty damn good.",0,0,"Sep 11, 2008"
10,"Underoath said that this album was going to be heavier than the past few, and they did exactly what they said. Spencer takes the vocals of this band to a new height while completely rocking out.",0,0,"Sep 14, 2008"
10,"As predicted, this is a polarizing album. There are those who love it for what it is, and those who hate it for personal reasons. I offer you nothing less, just my opinion. At first I didn't know what to think of this new beast. I had honestly hoped this would return to the slick and melodic 'They're Only Chasing Safety'-era sound, as I prefer more melodic music. However, I didn't get that, and for whatever reason, that did not disappoint me. The melodies are there, I can promise you that. However, the hooks are more burried, less outlandish and much more refined. Like a gemstone discovered in a cave, they make you look a little closer at what's around you. This is a headphone album, no doubt. There are inticacies which can't be picked up on unless it's in your ears and that's all you can focus on. Once you let the music take you where it wants to go, you'll see that this album offers the listener a wonderful sonic experience. Having said all that, this is definitely not for everybody, but it is for me and I will gladly take it.",0,0,"Sep 25, 2008"
6,"Just to set some facts here before I start this review: I have been listening to Underoath since they've released Cries of the Past. I have listened to every single album, including TOCS, DTGL, The Changing of Times, and Act of Depression. I have also listened to this album three times, and have given it more than enough time to 'set in' so that I can possibly appreciate the music. I like(d) Underoath as a band, although they have begun disappointing with their previous album, Define the Great Line, and now with Lost in the Sound of Separation. Where do I begin? Underoath wanted to adopt a 'heavier' sound since Define the Great Line. Did they succeed? Far from it. The only thing they managed to do is pay Adam over from Killswitch Engage to show the band how to change the tone of their guitars. That's it. If you think changing the tone of your guitar will automatically change you from a post-hardcore band into a metalcore band, you're mistaken. Underoath was originally a very sincere band. The lyrics in their songs gave glimpses into personal relationships, experiences, and included heartfelt emotion. This all changed after Define the Great Line was released. Spencer no longer wanted to scream like Dallas Taylor, and so he started singing in what the new Underoath audience considered 'hardcore'. So he growls and whines and keeps on screaming every two seconds in every song. The screaming turns generic, monotonous, and unnecessary. The lyrics he spews out are incomprehensible (unlike in They're Only Chasing Safety where you could actually understand the lyrics). Spencer's screaming in Define the Great Line and Lost in the Sound of Separation reminds me of someone buying a fake Prada bag from Chinatown in order to show off to her girlfriends that she is just as cool as them. And then they added Aaron's vocals into almost every single song. Probably one of the worst ideas ever. The inclusion of Aarons' voice in Underoath songs were rare, and actually special. They made that certain song stand out, and added a special touch to it (take for example, 'I've Got Ten Friends And A Crowbar That Says You Ain't Gonna Do Jack' from the Special Edition of They're Only Chasing Safety). Now that every song has Aaron's voice in it, we have a blend of Spencer's computerized screaming combined with Aaron's whiny singing. Don't get me wrong, I used to enjoy Aaron's whiny singing in the background of their older songs, but now it is just excessive and unnecessary. And this leads me to one of my main points: every song seems to have a set structure. This structure is as follows: 1) Create heavy distortion on the tone of your guitar and try to imitate Killswitch Engages' sound (which they'll never get right, by the way). 2) Allow Spencer to scream all the way through the song, and allow absolutely no breathing room for the listener. And make sure that what Spencer is screaming can't be understood. 3) Give Aaron just as many vocal parts as Spencer, in fact, take Aaron off drums and have two vocalists. 4) Create 'dramatic' pauses in the middle of your songs, to add a 'unique' feel to every song (which soon becomes nullified because they do this on several songs in this album). This structure seems to be replicated in every song on Define the Great Line as well as in Lost in the Sound of Separation. Like seriously, why is every song indistinguishable from one another? It also intrigues me that some songs in Lost in the Sound of Separation include riffs from Define the Great Line (just slightly altered). Take for example the song 'Desperate Times, Desperate Measures', how this song begins and how 'In Regards To Myself' (from Define the Great Line) begins, is nearly identical. It seems that Underoaths' lack of new guitar riffs has led them to recycle some songs from Define the Great Line. This leads me to another point. Why does this album sound exactly the same as Define the Great Line? Has any Underoath fan (who has heard all or most of their albums), noticed that Spencer was a much better vocalist in his screaming style during They're Only Chasing Safety than he was after that album? Spencer tries too hard to sound 'hardcore'. His screaming seems very forced and mechanic. Unlike other vocalists (take for example Tim Lambesis from As I Lay Dying), Spencer does not scream in accordance to the music playing. His screaming is all over the place, and seems unorganized. If we look back at They're Only Chasing Safety, Spencer's screaming actually 'flows' with the music, and gives a true sense of emotion. Moving on to Aarons' drumming, I must say this: I am impressed. His drumming has certainly gotten better from a technical perspective. However, it saddens me to see his drumming talent go to waste in this album as well as Define the Great Line. As technically marvelous as Aaron's drumming may be, it too, seems forced. If Spencer's screaming could be authentic, I'm sure that Aaron's drumming and Spencer's screaming would fit well. Sadly however, that hasn't happened in Define the Great Line or Lost in the Sound of Separation. Continuing onto guitars. I've already said it--changing the tone of your guitar will not make you sound hardcore. It must be a combination of all the instruments in unison, as well as the vocals, which creates a 'hard' sound. However, setting that aside, the guitar work seems very monotonous--just as it was in Define the Great Line. The guitaring does not pull you 'into' the music, rather, it seems like it's just there for show. Take for example, the song 'Wrapped Around Your Finger' (which Underoath covered in the album Policia!: A Tribute to the Police), or 'Reinventing Your Exit' (from They're Only Chasing Safety) the guitar work pulls you in and envelops you into the music, as the drumming and vocals also help to supplement that feeling. However, I didn't seem to be 'reeled in' by the guitar work in this album. It seemed non-progressive and shallow, in my opinion. After I finished listening to the album, I said to myself: 'Okay, maybe it's because I just listened to it for the first time, maybe I need some time to let the music set in.' And so I listened to several songs from the album a few times a day for a week. However, even after a week of trying to appreciate Underoaths' new album, I failed to find anything extraordinary within it. If I were to choose the few songs that I did find somewhat appealing, I would say these are: 'Breathing In A New Mentality', 'Desperate Times, Desperate Measures', and 'Coming Down Is Calming Down'. And even though these songs seemed to stand out among the other songs, they didn't satisfy my expectations for this album. If you want to hear good metalcore/metal/hardcore/death metal, give these albums a listen: Whoracle by In Flames. The Jester Race by In Flames. Shadows Are Security by As I Lay Dying. Frail Words Collapse by As I Lay Dying. The Shape of Punk to Come by Refused. Songs to Fan the Flames of Discontent by Refused. Slaughter of the Soul by At the Gates. Not comparing bands, just giving out suggestions for those who wish to listen to other bands with good music. So with all this being said, Lost in the Sound of Separation is a disappointing album. With barely any memorable songs, riffs, or melodies, the album seems to have dissipated from my musical conscience within a few days. Underoath was a great band before Define the Great Line, and I thought that with Lost in the Sound of Separation they would return with some great hits, but I am left with an album composed of generic screaming and uninspired instrumental melodies.",0,0,"Sep 26, 2008"
10,"Amazing! One of those bands that I fell in love with at first sight (well in this case sound). If Underoath is played at just the right sound-level, it is the perfect mixture of metal and calmness. You need a true musician's ear to truly enjoy this epic music.",0,0,"Oct 30, 2010"
10,"If I were a hardcore fan of Underoath, I might like this album less. This is because this doesn't sound much like they did earlier on, with their constant line-up changes and whatnot. I disregarded the band over the years because of what I heard from their earlier stuff, but this CD is absolutely amazing. It is absolute raw discordance pushed to the limits with plenty of surprising moments along the way. Don't be close-minded because of their earlier material - if you love hard rock, try this record.",0,0,"Mar 20, 2011"
10,"Lost In The Sound Of Separation is a true masterpiece  No clichs in this recording, is unpredictable and breaks all your senses, full of ferocity, melody and reflections. Underoath tells a story about falling in the darkest times of your life and then go out, reminding you that you are not alone. In an inhospitable world, Lost In The Sound Of Separation is an injection of optimism that pierces the darkness.
Underoath has proven once its greatness to the world of music and you have faith, you will face the immense darkness that surrounds us",0,0,"Mar  5, 2013"
8,"Probably the 2nd best album of Slipknot's. This album is at times hard, at times creative, and all the time enjoyable. With some of the best choruses of all their songs and some pretty nice solos from a guitarist who I originally depicted as 'not very talented.' It's not as heavy as previous albums (IOWA, Slipknot) but Slipknot are managing to broaden their musical horizons while still remaining true to their original sound. All Hope Is Gone is overall one of Slipknot's finest and is IMO should be regarded with just as much praise as the album 'Slipknot'",2,2,"Oct  7, 2008"
9,"This album was very close to a 10, not give it a 10 because its not a classic, its a modern great for metal though and i recommend it for anyone that likes this kind of music.",1,1,"Sep 11, 2008"
9,"amazing! every song is great and different...they improve musically every album and try new things! i love the fact that they can change and try new things and still rock!",1,1,"Sep 12, 2008"
8,"One of Slipknot's best albums.But the change from genre in many songs,might tone down many loyal fans.But they hit the needle on the head with Psychosocial,which is without a doubt their best ``metal'' song in the album.I loved the song ``Snuff'' for its strong blend of lyrics and acoustic guitar.And my favorite song was ``Dead Memories'' for basically everything.The album was great but not their best.I still believe Iowa and Vol.3:The Subliminal Verses was their best album.I also don't like Xx5h34xX telling everything that they're morons if they give the album a nine or a ten.Hello Xx5h34xX its everybody's opinion,they've the right to say whatever they want,ok!?",1,1,"Jan 12, 2009"
10,"Their best album to date and an instant favorite, this time Slipknot delivers from the best of 2 worlds, from their old nu metal heavyness to their melodic, well-written work from the previous record, mighty worthy a praise.",1,1,"Nov 18, 2008"
8,"It's got good lyrics. It's got anger. It's got nice twists. But it just doesn't have the slipknot twist. I'm giving it 8 just because it's slipknot.",1,1,"Dec 17, 2008"
8,"Nothing Slipknot will ever do can top their first two albums. But here's a shout out to 'DPB': Slipknot's St. Anger? Kiss my ass! While Vol. 3 was a vast departure from the first two amazing albums, All Hope Is Gone simply went one step beyond Vol. 3 (which in my opinion is a musical masterpiece). Sure, it lacks the cathartic fury and sheer rage that the first two had, but All Hope Is Gone is a FANTASTIC album. It proves that you can be unrelentlessly heavy, and extremely melodic at the same time. That's the best kind of music; an eclectic mix of the personalities of nine members. You know, anyone who thinks a band can stay true to the initial ideals they had established should look at the BEatles, perhaps the greatest rock band of all time. When girlfriends, outside distractions, and other rock n roll excesses started coming in, it changed the band. The same has happened with Slipknot's new release. AC/DC is THE ONLY band who can rehash the same material, and its still relavent to the current rock scene. Slipknot has proved that they can still stay true to their aggressive music, but now they're expanding their horizons, setting the new music in a much more melodic spectrum. I'm giving it an 8/10, because as good as it is, it still doesn't hold up with self titled or Iowa. But it is the perfect followup to Vol. 3 P.S. 'DPB', you really need to get off your pedestal. Don't insult our intelligence with your little history lesson. Everyone who has posted here is obviously a maggot, and most of us pry know a lot more about them than you supposedly do.",1,1,"Sep 18, 2008"
10,"This is my favorite album of all time. It's surprisingly heavier than Iowa. It has my favorite song of all time Snuff, which is one of the heaviest and powerful songs of Slipknot. Remember heavy doesn't mean yelling. The whole album is a masterpiece bringing elements Slipknot's previous albums. It has so much variation and everything has improved! I love Corey's political views and once again he put's down the media. I love it, it's 100% Slipknot, no it's not Stone Sour, sorry. Anyways I wish I could give this album 11/10, but obviously I couldn't. Buy this album now.",1,1,"Mar 14, 2009"
10,"I love every single Slipknot album but this one is my favorite. There are many different styles on this album; ranging from erie melody to explosive thrash. The thing that unifies all of the songs is that they are all equally heavy. You can't go wrong here.",1,1,"Aug 18, 2010"
10,"Slipknot, at their finest. There's nothing to say here, but, AWESOME. One of my all-time favorite albums, easily my favorite Slipknot one, Just an incredible album.",1,1,"Dec 11, 2010"
9,"A lot of fans were disappointed with this album calling it 'there weakest yet' but I found it awesome with the heavy deep voice of Corey Taylor, backed by the sick musical talents of the rest, this has to be there most brutal sounding album yet, while some songs such as Snuff and Dead Memories are weaker, they are no less enjoyable, but I feel they would have been better for Corey's other band Stone Sour, but if you like Slipknot or Metal in general this is an album you must pick up.",1,1,"Mar  6, 2011"
10,"Excellent.  Its the real combination of Iowa heaviness with the Vol.3:Subliminal Verses quality. Really Masterpiece. Listen to it to feel completely energized.",1,1,"Mar 18, 2011"
10,"My 2nd favorite album along with they're other album Subliminal verses.
This album was perfection ,corey taylor really brought out some great lyrics in the songs ,this is they're latest album.
The lyrics corey makes are inspirational and always were with the other albums they created.
I really like their drummer 'Joey Jordison' he would be my altime favorite drummer along with Lars ulrich from Metallica.",1,1,"Apr  7, 2011"
10,"What can I say?  This album is what got me into Slipknot in the first place.  I personally love it all the same as their other albums.  This is good music all around.",1,1,"Jul 17, 2011"
8,"The album is good but it did have that energy.My favourite is All hope is gone , gehenna and vendetta. But still, they can't beat the previous album: Vol 3: The Subliminal Verses.",1,1,"Apr  8, 2014"
6,"This album is good, but not one of their best. Unlike their other albums, when you like all of the songs except one.. In this album you will probably like 3 or 4 songs. In other words, this album is good....but not great.",1,2,"Aug 18, 2010"
3,"Only track I really liked was Psychosocial. While there maybe a few likeable songs on the album, It simply isnt that good. Really disapointing if you ask me.",2,6,"Nov 17, 2011"
4,"whoever rates any slipknot above an 8/10, really needs to 'expand'. Especially vol3, and all hope is gone posers. The only albums i think are ok iz the first three;slipknot,mfkr,and iowa. But man guyz, stop thinking this shit 'is brutal and badass' cuz its not. And for the others who play guitar hero and think slipknot is cool cause of that on stupid song needs to expand. Listen to heretic anthem or sometin. And for everybody who needs to 'expand' try these bands/albums, Some are thrash metal and some are death metal, Anthrax - Fistful Of Metal Children Of Bodom Dimmu Borgir - Puritanical Euphoric Misanthropia Hammerfall Iced Earth Blind Guardian Hatebreed Malice - License To Kill Loudness Mercyful Fate - In The Shadows Nightwish Nevermore Opeth - Deliverance Sepultura Sonata Arctica Suffokate VADER - Impressions In Blood Shoots den braddah's! Aloha from Hawaii.",0,2,"Oct 14, 2008"
3,"A few bright spots, overall very weak album. Too much emo-driven lyrics now looking at adult things. Not as good as previous albums.",0,1,"Aug 26, 2008"
1,"Slipknot's St Anger? After much anticipation I was only too happy to play the new 'Knot album loud as fuck. I had already given much attention to the pre-released tracks Psychosocial and All Hope is Gone respectively, becoming an instant fan of the intensity Slipknot always bring to the music they create. But unaware of the diehard let down I was about to endure I listened anyway. Now for those of you out there who have been living under a rock for the last ten years you will find it interesting to hear that Slipknot are a Grammy award winning, alternative metal band from Des Moines Iowa who have nine members. Exploding on the scene with the double platnium album 'Slipknot' the band went from strength to strength with the follow up 'Iowa' and their live dvd 'Disasterpieces'. After the Iowa tour things weren't looking good for the band, not to mention the severe 'nu metal backlash' that hit metal at this time but the relationships between its memebers were at an all time low. Corey and Jim reunited Stone Sour (the band they were in together before joining Slipknot) Joey the Murderdolls and and others members either going into hiding or working on the fringes of the industry. After four years after the release of 'Iowa' the band produced a new record. This was entitled 'Vol 3. The Subliminal Verses' this album single handedly proved Slipknot was not only another gimmicky nu metal band but proved that they are able to experiment in levels of heaviness. But before today I never thought that 'Vol 3.'' would be the bands creative peak. The bands latest offering 'All Hope Is Gone' is prime example of being in the fish bowl way too long. This album fell short not because it's not well executed or the fact that it lacks killer riffs, no this album fails becase of the lack of experimentation and a need to please everybody making this effort sound more like a Slipknot parody band than the pure well oiled middle finger it once was. This album will definately split fans and critics alike and thus I've Christened 'All Hope Is Gone' as 'St Anger'. Listen to the album and try and tell me Slipknot are not now a mainstream cliche' of themselves, because in the good ol days when Slipknot was the polar opposite (also the reason you listened to music this back in the day) My official rating 1/10",0,1,"Aug 27, 2008"
0,"It is pathetic that people actually consider this overproduced trash metal. This band is not a real metal band- they just dress up like one and use studio tools to appear as if they sound vaguely like a metal band. They are a disgrace to real metal artists like Mastodon, Sepultura, Soulfly, Corrosion of Conformity and Pig Destroyer. Instead they use the weak and tired formulas of Korn and Mudvayne to present this heaping pile of garbage which is neither creative nor original. Don't waste your time with this fake commerical hard rock excuse of an album.",0,4,"Sep  4, 2008"
0,"Ridiculous... to even think Slipknot is still 'anti-mainstream' and 'brutal' is a joke. after years of horrible albums, Corey Taylor has to bring a Stone Sour feel to the helpless band? pathetic. not to say it doesn't take talent to play in a band, but don't try to label yourself as 'The Best Band Ever'... its sad, 3/4 of their fans are all posers or total n00bs to metal.",0,1,"Feb  7, 2009"
6,"Slipknot definitely have some good songs on this album, but in my opinion, Vol. 3 was more intricate and more interesting. The soft tracks on the album sound like they belong with Stone Sour, while the heavier songs are no departure from Slipknot, which, while good in some ways, leaves a lot to be desired.",0,1,"Jul 25, 2009"
7,"good, but not their best... Their anger is far more controlled rather than let loose on experimental guitar riffs, which is interesting but not complete. They seem to be chilling out more and more, sounding like hard rock, with a little bit of groove and anger (psychosocial). the screaming is still there, but Taylor wants to prove he can sing as well, and he can, very well, I think a different fan base will arise from this type of album. It is not teetering on the edge, it is a far more controlled album than were used to. it's still good though, definitely worth a listen. Metallica's St. Anger? maybe, but far better, maybe more like Deftones' 'Saturday night wrist'.",0,1,"Sep 25, 2008"
6,"LMFAO! Orelha's comment was the funniest review I've seen in awhile. And props to Joe. That just made my day. I haven't even listened to this album so...A review?...well, it's Slipknot, what's left to expect?",0,1,"Sep 28, 2008"
5,"Rather uninspired when compared to their early work. Although decent on its own, this album will find its greatest demise in being compared to its predecessors.",0,1,"Feb 12, 2011"
1,"Useless album, band members and sold out band. They don't make metal. It's garbage-like. Everyone listens to them without even knowing what do they listen to.",0,3,"Dec 13, 2012"
9,"Mr. D P B. how exactly is being about 10 times heavier being more mainstream? Take Butcher's Hook For instance... it's so chaotic you feel like your getting hit by a truck. It sound just like Rational Gaze by Meshuggah with it's random cymbal crashes and off-beat tempo. People don't like the album because they're not used to the sound, they're not used to heavy metal and they're not used to getting their asses kicked by an album. This album brings Iowa's brutality and Vol. 3's melody into one amazing album. Standout tracks include: Gematria, Sulfur, Butcher's Hook, Snuff (an amazingly catchy slower song) and All Hope is Gone.",0,0,"Sep  9, 2008"
10,"Slipknot has always progressed, each album evolving on the last, this isn't the first, nor iowa, nor subliminal verses. standing by itself, it is very good.",0,0,"Aug 26, 2008"
10,"An excellent, excellent album that shows the maturity of the group as a whole. Excellent turn to what sounds more thrash metal than Nu-Metal. For me, this album will only be beaten by Metallica's Death Magnetic.",0,0,"Aug 26, 2008"
10,"Culmination of their career. Freaking awesome in lamens terms. Hate with intelligence is presented here perfectly.",0,0,"Aug 28, 2008"
5,"Fast but no-key solos, forgettable songs... These guys are supposed to be more than just another metal band but this cd makes me question.",0,0,"Sep 29, 2008"
7,"It was not what i expected at all, the songs are good but the tone of them is weird, i mean if your gonna do alternative with metal you have to put some distance between both... so i give it a thumbs up, but the band did not surpass the challenge of making a better album than the last.",0,0,"Sep  3, 2008"
1,"Slipknot is dead. This is not Slipknot. They have officially turned into radio rock. It's pretty sad. They have transformed themselves into the very thing they hated. I hope they look into the mirror and realize that soon. If they could get back to making some intense music again that would be fantastic. This album is so weak. No intensity, no creativity, just crap!",0,0,"Feb  9, 2009"
10,"Slipknot has not gone soft or hard - they maintained the ferocity that fans have grown to love while progressively pushing their own evelope as to what they can and can't do. To hear the drumming alone is worth the disc price. I passed on the 3rd album as a departure to what i loved about 'Iowa'. I also considered Vol. 3's vocals a bit weaker and strained than it was on 'Iowa'. Corey delivers the same blood-curdling power that fans may have missed. If you are a fan of 'Iowa,' this album is an amazing counterpart to what made that album so great - and a chance to experience what I would consider the new standard in metal.",0,0,"Aug 26, 2008"
10,"Slipknots career has culminated to this album: it is the best summary of their music in one unbelievably impressive whole. the best metal release of the last 5 or so years...beat this Metallica.",0,0,"Aug 26, 2008"
10,"The sound of this album is outstanding. So bone crunchingly perfect to listen to. Their best album yet!",0,0,"Aug 26, 2008"
2,"Weak boring and some shit, is the badest album from slipknot ever and maybe bad critics make this musicians make some good next time, unless them have lost all they hope like I.",0,0,"Aug 29, 2008"
7,"This is a strong return for Slipknot. The songs are not that memorable. The musicanship is exciting and Cory's vocals are at there best when they are full blast. On each of the past albums there has always been two or three songs that you are screaming along with driving down the road. Here, those catchy metal anthems are few and far between. On the slow tracks, the eleven piece monster looses a lot of steam. Another nice addition to the body of work, but nothing revolutionary.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2008"
0,"I would drag my sack across each of their terrible masks. Absolutely sack-draggingly awful.",0,0,"Sep 11, 2008"
6,"This post is mostly targeting the first comment by someone named Orelha, dude, dudette, whatever you are, LEARN ENGLISH BEFORE PRINTING A REVIEW. Nobody knows what the hell you're talking about and you sound like an idiot. Yes I agree, it's not Slipknot's defining work (not by a long shot), but at least make a case for yourself by not sounding like you just stepped off a banana boat!",0,0,"Sep  2, 2008"
4,"Its almost okay as a cd. this and vol 3 are the poser cds of this band and they suck kinda. the songs were taken mainstream by guitar hero and straight up posers.",0,0,"Nov 28, 2008"
5,"All we already knew that new album would't be so energetic like selftitled and iowa.. simply they've been into mainstream many years from now, so they act like that. sad but true.",0,0,"Oct 23, 2008"
10,"Totally amazing, unexpected in some aspects but none the less awe inspiring. A some how bleak yet vibrant expression of opinions and feeling about the world today and personal events.",0,0,"Aug 26, 2008"
10,"I love every single track on this cd. I don't really agree with the track order, but rearranged....and it is absolutely perfect.",0,0,"Aug 26, 2008"
10,"This CD is awesome! i can't stop listening to it!",0,0,"Aug 26, 2008"
9,"This is a great album. It is quite a culmination of SlipKnot's entire musical career, it gives you a new sound but keeps it uniquely SlipKnot. There is a great contrast between the heavy and the uber deep... that's great but I think that some of the more 'Metalhead' SlipKnot fans might no enjoy this as much as, say, SlipKnot or Iowa because it is overall less 'brutal' but still an awesome musical masterpiece! Congrats to SlipKnot for making yet another truly unique album experience!",0,0,"Aug 28, 2008"
3,"This album is completely disappointing. It's far to soft, weak and generally sounds like Stone Sour. It's way to clean sounding... bring back Ross Robinson! Anyways, the albums a complete joke... absolutely boring. I can't listen to Physcosocial- I actually laugh at how bad that is. I uploaded 3 songs form this crappy album to my ipod so thats why I give it a 3. It's just a weak, uninspiring album thats watered down with useless tracks. I'm incredibly disappointed.",0,0,"Sep 25, 2008"
8,"This album is certainly more accessible than previous efforts, but I can't hold that against them as it actually works straight through the entire album. Where as their first 2 albums were excellent exercises in single dimension rage, All Hope Is Gone (as well as on Vol. 3) is the sound of a band working effectively to take it's roots and into new, multi-dimensional (commercial) territory. I think they do it pretty well. A usual the musicianship is killer.",0,0,"Nov  7, 2011"
9,"SlipKnot are without much of a doubt, one of the most distinguished metal bands of all time. Their music are unique in their own rights, I purely posted on this album because it's my favourite one. SlipKnot (In general) are brilliant anyway, to any heavy-metal loving person.",0,0,"Jul  2, 2012"
8,"It is hard to better Volume 3, and this was proven by All Hope Is Gone. It in itself is a great album with punishing sounds from Psychosocial and melodic efforts emphasizing Taylor's vocal abilities such as Child of a Burning Time. Great album, but not quite as good as previous.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2012"
9,"This work has everything that characterizes slipknot:
Hardness, melody, strong percussion, good lyrics, good DJ sound, etc.
Definitely one of the best works of Slipknot and one of the best albums of 2008, is a complete disappointment that many do not hear this great work.
This album definitely deserves a throne in the world of music of the decade 2000.
They must listen before dying",0,0,"Mar 15, 2013"
4,"I introduced myself to Slipknot through curiosity, and I hated the song Psychosocial at first. But after listening to that song, along with Sulfur and Snuff excessively, I grew to like all of them. So I decided to listen to the whole album that those songs are on. 57 minutes of my life that I'd gladly like back.
What Slipknot basically does with almost every song here is they combine Corey Taylor's harsh sing-talk vocals (with occasional clean vocals) with trashy metal riffs. They do this excessively, and with songs like Gehenna reaching close to the 7 minute mark, it gets awfully repetitive.
The one exception to this, however, is Snuff. Snuff is a beautiful song and is my personal favorite.
Slipknot has a lot of longtime fans, but I am choosing to not be a new fan. Standout tracks are Sulfur, Psychosocial, Dead Memories, and Snuff. Don't waste your time with the rest of the album unless you're a true Slipknot fan unlike me.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2014"
4,"Disappointing. Conventional. Friendly melodies. Almost nothing original. It was the best billboard album, but the worst artistic one. It was released for good sells. I wouldn't recommend listening to that juvenile album.",0,0,"Feb 18, 2014"
9,"Their worst album to DATE!!! the only good songs on here are Psychosocial and Sulfur the rest are watered down with acoustic guitars or they just are not as good as the others.",0,0,"Oct 27, 2014"
7,"All Hope Is Gone is pretty much a tale of two halves: six of the album's 12 songs are more of the same complete world-beaters, while the other five (not counting the opener) are actually pretty mediocre... for Slipknot.
That's the thing, they set such a high bar with Slipknot, Iowa and Vol. 3 that there was no way they could top it. Although that is the way it should be, I think. Either way, Gematria, Sulfur, Psychosocial, Dead Memories, Snuff and the title track are all absolutely incredible singles. The rest are pretty forgettable, but have some good moments.
Elephant in the room: if you liked Corey and Jim's side project Stone Sour, you will love this... the choruses are huge, but the Slipknot charm is lacking in some places. It is hanging on by a thread, but I still play this very regularly.",0,0,"Jul 27, 2016"
8,"'All Hope Is Gone' isn't bad, but it isn't as good as Slipknots previous albums. The music has its good moments and...less memorable. The albums starts with one of their worst intros ever, '.execute.'. After that it's get good (for a little while). 'Gematria (The Killing Name)', 'Sulfur', 'Psychosocial' and'Dead Memories' are four of the albums strongest tracks. After that you get five songs that are decent, but not really good. The last two songs 'Snuff' and 'All Hope is Gone' is two of Slipknots best songs ('All Hope Is Gone' is also the best song by the band according to me). I would recommend this album, but get it cheap.
Best song - 'All Hope is Gone'
Worst song - 'Vendetta'",0,0,"Sep 16, 2015"
5,"All Hope Is Gone by Slipknot. A german review.
Nachdem ich die Single Psychosocial hrte war ich nur noch mig gespannt auf dieses Album der 9 Jungs aus Iowa. Denn diesen Dm-Dm-Dddd-Dm Rhythmus fand ich eher nervig.
Als das Album All Hope Is Gone dann erschien, war ich in dieser Erwartungshaltung besttigt. Viele Lckenfller, jedoch auch ein paar Highlights wie Dead Memories oder der Titeltrack.
Insgesamt: 5/10",0,0,"Jan 12, 2016"
6,"My least favourite album from the 9. unfortunate that it's last one with the original 9 members. i feel the strongest tracks on the album are Gematria, All hope is gone, Psychosocial, snuff and Sulfur. Dead memories is a solid track but not amazing. my least favourite tracks on this album are wherein lies continue and butchers hook. I first thought that maybe I would like these tracks upon a second or third listen, but I've listened to this album over 6 times and i must say these tracks always seem to stick out like a boner a transvestite beauty pageant. Gehenna is definitely a very experimental track and something I would have welcomed them to do with more of this album. That experimentation is what made the first two (and some of the third) so amazing. I feel that is what's lacking in this album. As Corey Taylor once said (i'm paraphrasing) 'it just feels like a collection of songs', I couldn't agree with him more.",0,0,"Jan 23, 2016"
3,"I used to dig this band a lot. For a novelty act to have musicianship this good is something, I guess. The problem is, they really can't be much other than a novelty act, and the schtick is wearing really thin at this point. The musicianship is great, of course, but the fact that they're still wasting it on this same jokey cheese rock is just sort of depressing. If you missed it the first time, you might dig this. If you were tired of it two years ago like everyone else, this won't change your mind.",0,1,"Oct  2, 2008"
4,"The Onion said just about all that can be said. The only reason it's even getting some good scores is because it's a good release for a totally garbage genre. But not enough seem to realize that that means it's still complete crap.",0,1,"Sep  1, 2008"
0,"Really, how could anyone like this.",0,1,"Sep 14, 2008"
5,"Guys... this isn't a power metal album. not really. its more like a super-synthasized speed metal album. examples of good POWER metal bands would be hammerfall, blind guardian, freedom call, helloween or ride the sky. this album is good music, but its just too similar to their previous work, especially inhuman rampage. if you are a die-hard fan, or haven't heard much of dragonforce, you will enjoy it. if you are just a casual fan, like me. you will play it, enjoy it, but ultimately forget about it. i recommend borrowing it off a mate, rather then buying it. if you'd rather download it, because your to cheap to buy it, you suck.",0,1,"Sep  3, 2008"
0,"I really hope the real critics come to knock this shit to the ground. Seriously when did sweaty ugly soulless 13 year old start getting attention just because some idiots put it in a video game. It sounds like what happens when you give people with a deep hatred for music too much money and tell them they have to make a cd.",0,2,"Aug 29, 2008"
10,"Worth the wait.",0,1,"Sep  9, 2008"
7,"If you like dragonforce, go buy this cd. Just don't expect much difference from Inhuman rampage. But, then again, is that ever a bad thing?",0,0,"Sep  1, 2008"
9,"Almost perfect.",0,0,"Mar 30, 2009"
7,"Good stuff. truly a lot of dragonforce sounds the same but it keeps going good and the guitar is exiting.",0,0,"Nov 28, 2008"
10,"Can't believe I nearly missed this. It's BRILLIANT!! I recommend for all DragonForce fans. There is a clear improvement in this album. (Really need to find someone with the bonus tracks... annoyed at the fact I don't have them... always listen to bonus tracks.",0,0,"Dec  8, 2008"
9,"I love these guys but really the constant 'it sounds the same' crap is getting annoying... People who say it all sounds the same listen to the first 5 seconds of every song plus i can name a few genres that sound the same throughout... cough rap cough... but people say it's synthesized and so? That's their sound... I love the lyrics, I love the sound, I love Dragonforce!",0,0,"Oct  9, 2008"
10,"DragonForce's best CD yet. It improves upon the ridiculous speed of Inhuman Rampage while throwing in new elements for variation. Anybody who has ever enjoyed DragonForce should get this. NOW Magazine is correct.",0,0,"Aug 28, 2008"
10,"Look, it's DragonForce. If you're a fan, why bother reading this. Y'know it rocks as hell. Believe me, run down to the store and buy it NOW! Greatest album yet by more than a country mile! The description of the album at DF HQ couldn't be more true--you won't be disappointed! Keep on rockin' DF!",0,0,"Aug 29, 2008"
9,"Another great album by Dragonforce.",0,0,"Aug 30, 2008"
8,"Although Power/Fantasy metal is on the downside of originality, Dragonforce's new release is an improvement on their original content, and is a huge improvement over their last album, inhuman rampage. Their songs are more diverse, and the guitar playing is never overdone. I consider them incredible, but there is more potem=ntial to be had on the diverse side of things. I think this album is attempting to follow in that direction.",0,0,"Sep 16, 2008"
9,"This album is an improvement over Inhuman Rampage in every way despite not having one really good standout song. Its more of the same Dragonforce. Personaly, I wouldn't have it any other way!",0,0,"Sep 23, 2008"
10,"This is my favorite Dragonforce album, and I can't wait for the next (while this one should hold me over for a while). If you are a Dragonforce fan, then I highly recommend buying this album. I agree with ThomasB, listen to the actual album in its entirety before you spout random hatred at this band with info you got from Youtube comments. I also agree with HannahC, find the bonus tracks somewhere and listen to them. They are amazing. Love this album. Love this band. Hats off to D-Force for being awesome again.",0,0,"Oct 22, 2010"
6,"Doesnt really do enough to seperate from the norm of a Dragonforce album but it does feature some good tracks and it will be enjoyable to most fans of the band.",0,0,"Nov 17, 2011"
6,"Its ok. A few good songs on it but compared to the other albums by Dragonforce, It wasnt all that good. The songs sounded too similar and didnt have the variety that other albums did. Their sound was a little different this time around and I didnt like it, Didnt seem up to par as their old stuff. I can understand them having to evolve but in this case, they devolved.
It was an ok album that die hard fans will love but first time listeners are better off starting with the old stuff and working their way forward.",0,0,"Jan 13, 2012"
10,"Dragonforce has pleased me with no end. It is great for all things, gaming, working out, and even to sleep to. I have listened to all of their songs at least 10 times each. This album, however, was one of their best. It really brought new life to the world of Power Metal. The lightning fast solos and powerful lyrics made this band what they are today and i hope continue to power their way through the world of Power Metal with even better albums and songs.",0,0,"Dec 10, 2013"
10,"I saw SoBs first show here in Europe in cologne and it was great. The audience flipped out and the music was very catchy. When the album came out here in Germany at the first of august I bought it right away and now I just love it. Malakian just showed his skills as musician again. I can't wait for the next album and if it goes on like this I don't need the old SoaD back. This is clearly a 10 of 10.",0,0,"Aug  3, 2008"
8,"Not amazing, but it's interesting. Don't expect a System of a Down clone and you should be satisfied.",0,0,"Aug  7, 2008"
8,"Those who enjoyed Lost in Hollywood and Revenga (the reasons why I bought Mesmerise) will love this album- the same melancholy strain is distilled into these songs- hopeless and encompassing. Superb. Some of the songs are downright iritating like Chemicals- but a little irritation is expected when you are a fan of SOAD and Malakian- eventually that irritation will transform from a nagging tune to a singalong melody- trust me- if it happened to you whilst listening to Hypnotize- expect the same sound, fury, introspection and pathos from a brilliant guitarist with a distinct voice.",0,0,"Sep  2, 2008"
8,"Very solid album. Certainly System of a Down fans will find it familiar, but it's more straightforward hard rock album than you might expect. It's even better than the Serj Tankian album, which was also surprisingly good. Lot of talent in that band, and their side projects have been more of a treat than a diversion.",0,0,"Aug  1, 2008"
6,"Nice record, but lacks originality.",0,0,"Aug  7, 2008"
10,"I have all the SOAD albums. This album is not them ... it's better! Just listen to it a few times before passing judgment. Best album of the year by far.",0,0,"Sep  3, 2008"
6,"Pretty mediocre. A few good songs but the rest is pretty average stuff. Take the good songs from this CD, add them to the good songs from the Serj CD, put them onto one CD and pretend it's another SOAD B-Side album.",0,0,"Nov  6, 2008"
7,"Interesting, it was pretty good and worth it and I could hear some SOAD influence. My personal favorite were Universe, 3005, Cute Machines and Exploding/Reloading.",0,0,"Aug 11, 2008"
10,"Better than Serj solo effort, this is one of the best rock album of the year.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2008"
10,"Best hard rock album of the year so far.",0,0,"Aug  2, 2008"
8,"A strong debut album from Scars.",0,0,"Aug  3, 2008"
3,"Pretty disappointing. I wasn't expecting another SOAD record, but this was a bit too 'alt' rock' for my likings.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2008"
10,"Just an amazing come back! He should make a film based on this perfect album!",0,0,"Feb  4, 2009"
10,"This album is a brilliant concept album from start to finish. It's his modern day 'Welcome to My Nightmare -- but better. Check out the two songs that are not on the album -- they should have been included but are worth the extra $.99 cents. I have listened to Alice since Love it to Death and this album has it all! Listen to it many times -- it will grow on you with each and every spin. The master has done it again.",0,0,"Aug 30, 2008"
10,"10 stars.",0,0,"Oct  4, 2009"
10,"Delightfully twisted and one of his best albums since the 70s.",0,0,"Aug 11, 2008"
10,"Nobody writes more clever lyrics than 'Ol Black Eyes himself. This CD gets better and better each time I listen to it. Do yourself a favor and pick up this CD. You'll thank me for it later....trust me.",0,0,"Aug 18, 2008"
10,"Excellent Album all the way!",0,0,"Aug 27, 2008"
10,"As usual, very good in the direct line from the previous releases rock'n roll and FUN !",0,0,"Sep  7, 2008"
9,"Solid from start to finish!",0,0,"Aug 13, 2008"
9,"Not as good as the early seventies Killer or School's Out but every time I listen to it, I like it more and more. About time he released another good concept album.",0,0,"Sep 16, 2008"
5,"All the songs are alike, mediocre existentialism and socialism, plus powerless. sorry zack.",0,0,"Aug 13, 2008"
1,"Terrible. Sounds like material Rage purposely declined to record a decade ago minus a talented guitar and bass player. Zach needs to give it up. He hasn't done anything relevant since Evil Empire.",0,0,"Aug 17, 2008"
10,"The Best! Worth the wait. Zack's a god.",0,0,"Aug 19, 2008"
8,"I'm pleasantly surprised with this release... but i wasn't expecting much to be fair. To make comparisons to RATM isn't fair... this isn't RATM and isn't supposed to be RATM. I love the simplicity and drive of it. Feels like a work of passion rather than a reach back into the limelight. Well done! Looking forward to a full length release.",0,0,"Aug 19, 2008"
8,"Excellent stuff. Once again a reminder of just how good these guys were and could have been.",0,0,"Sep 19, 2008"
9,"Very good 5 track EP, better than some 12/13 track albums! drummin' is excellent however i will admit sometimes the keyboards sounds a bit repetitive but Zach is as on point as ever and the lyrics are full of rage!",0,0,"Aug 18, 2008"
10,"All the songs are very good with 'wild international' as the main stand out.",0,0,"Aug 19, 2008"
10,"Awesome EP! Zack De La Rocha and Jon Theodore creates a hell of a lot using very few touches. Zack's lyrics are sharp as ever, and there's a huge amount of passion in all of the songs. Although some of the tracks might seem similar they are all very diverse in the end. And let's not forget Theodores awesome melodical drumming. One Day As A Lion... The greatest EP ever released!",0,0,"Sep 17, 2008"
6,"Apart from the first song 'Wild International' this EP doesn't have anything that really shines, most of the songs sound the same and Zach doesn't show the agression he has shows with Rage Against The Machine.",0,0,"Jan 31, 2011"
10,"This is the closest thing we will ever get to another RATM album. Zack still has it. Zack De La Rocha is without a doubt one of the best rappers. He is just as good as he is on the RATM albums. John Theodore is incredible drummer. He is far better than Brad from RATM. Obviously this EP isn't as great as RATM's 3 studio albums but it's still pretty damn good. Hopefully One Day As A Lion will release a full length album in the future. Zack has been promising this since 2009. Still no full length album yet. C'mon Zack finish that album.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2014"
8,"Not their best but a very good album. I don't think I know of any bands that still release relevant music after being around for so long. The Melvins are basically a benchmark for how music should be done. Serve yourself first, then if people happen to like it, fuck yeah. If not, then it's their loss.",0,0,"Jul 17, 2008"
8,"Not breaking any new ground, but blowin' shards of molten metal out of their bee-hives are... THE MELVINS. As a longtime fan, musician and family man, I can truly say I love this little collection of ditties. Bravo. Well done. Will see these guys live soon.",0,0,"Jul 16, 2008"
8,"Great Album (apart from chick = trouble). 'The Animal in me' is without a doubt the greatest song these guys have written/recorded.",1,1,"Jul  6, 2008"
10,"Welcome Back Motley Crue!!",1,1,"Jun 25, 2008"
9,"The best music they've made since Dr Feelgood!",1,1,"Jul  4, 2008"
10,"Best album of the year so far. Best Crue since Dr. Feelgood.",1,1,"Jun 30, 2008"
10,"Best, Pure Dirty Rock N Roll album recorded since.......I don't even fuckin know!!! Every song is an anthem, I personally don't think you HAVE to be a fan to realte to this album. You could be anyone, Mick's riffs made the album, Tommy's energy, Sixx's beast of a Bass and Vince's Jagermeister Vocals combined make a hell of an album everytime. This time though, Rock N Roll needed it. Modern sound with a classic Motley Crue feel. 10/10 from me. Thanks Guys.",0,0,"Jul  9, 2008"
9,"Fantastic full length album with original line up. Every song is worth a listen. A+",0,0,"Jul  1, 2008"
10,"Great album, enough said.",0,0,"Jul  2, 2008"
9,"After a couple of listens it has become my favorite album of the year so far. A fantastic return to form.",0,0,"Jul 23, 2008"
8,"The more i listen the more it has really grown on me.A good showing.next time NO OUTSIDE WRITERS!! It does have its classic moments and energy.Solos could be louder and longer.Overall a strong 8.The funny thing is this does kick the asses of most of the 'current ' bands i listen too.Thank god for the crue STILL carrying the rock torch.Stand out tracks SOLA,'Welcome to the machine',Going out swinging'. But 'Down at the whiskey' is a classic.",0,0,"Jul  7, 2008"
8,"Good Effort.",0,0,"Oct  6, 2009"
9,"No doubt Crue's best album since Dr. Feelgood. Mars kicks ass, Vinnie whines, Sixx sleazes and T-bone pounds the drums like the good 'ol days....",0,0,"Sep 14, 2009"
10,"Album of the year. This album goes far beyond anything I thought the Crue could ever create. This album truly is art.",0,0,"Jun 24, 2008"
8,"I have been a crue head since the early eighties. With that said the album brings back some of that sound...which is great.",0,0,"Jun 25, 2008"
5,"Horrendus metal. Crue should stick with the best of albums from now on.",0,0,"Jun 27, 2008"
10,"I grew up listening to the crue. This is the best they have done in almost 20 years. It's great to hear them play so well.",0,0,"Jun 28, 2008"
10,"This album is absolutely great. I have listened to it over and over and there isn't one song I don't like. I'll take it anyday over the crap that's on the radio now. Who else can make you want to quit your job and kick someone's a-- at the same time? Go Crue!",0,0,"Jun 28, 2008"
6,"It's the best thing they have done since Dr. Feelgood. Unfortunately that isn't saying a whole lot. It doesn't sound like their old stuff, it sounds like Nicki Sixx's new band Sixx A.M. It decent, but it's not the Motley Crue we all loved back in the 80's.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2008"
9,"Been waiting for this album since Feelgood was released in '89. There isn't a bad song on it. I've listened to it at least twice a day since I bought it.",0,0,"Jul 22, 2008"
9,"A fantastic piece of work by the Kings of Sleaze. SOLA has so many different elements to it that it's difficult not to appreciate each song for its own individualized style. 'Face Down In The Dirt' explodes with raw punk/metal power. 'What's It Gonna Take', although mid-tempo, is a journey through the early days when Motley first formed, and the band performs it with passion. 'Down At The Whiskey'- beautiful guitar and drum work by Mars and Lee. Catchy, groove-laden, and melodic. 'SOLO' is the arena anthem Crue fans have been waiting for. The riff blazes and has a very nice dark bass intro by Nikki - a pure sing a long delight. 'MF Of The Year' - one of my absolute favs ever. Drips of attitude and sleaze and musically it's so tight and heavy. 'Animal In Me' - another all time favorite. Lyrically brilliant and musically its very unique and has a style not heard by the Crue before. The sound is so heavy. 'Welcome To The Machine' - fast & furious with a 'Shout' like appeal. 'Just Another Psycho' - not one of my favs but certain elements are appealing like Mars' guitar work and a catchy chorus. 'Chicks=Trouble' - classic Crue sleaze with a killer riff by Mars and frenetic drumming by Lee. Lyrically it's nothin deep but considering the Crue's track record of debaunchery, it's fitting and fun to sing along to. 'This Aint A Love Song' - another fav. Sleazy, dirty, grimy, hook-heavy, and should be a single at some point. 'White Trash Circus' - punked out with a killer riff following the main chorus but overall not one of my personal favs. Has a Too Fast For Love influence to it. 'Goin Out Swingin' - with the exception of the main chorus this track kills it with an all out assault of guitas, drums, bass, and vocal. Takes me back to the days of Shout. Overall I absolutely love this CD and it's the Crue I've been waiting to hear for over a decade. Mixed with so many different musical elements - rock, metal, punk, & glam it's hard to dislike it in any way. Plus, since it's a semi-concept album, the songs match perfectly with the story telling. My second favorite Crue album with Shout being my first.",0,0,"Aug 23, 2008"
5,"Wow I was very surprised to found out that most of the Crue's hardcore fan base praised this album. For starters the 1st thing that sticks out when listening to this album is the horriable lyric content. Nikki what the hell happened? I have read that Motley brought in a bunch of bubblegum writers to help write the album but I find that hard to believe with Sixx being such a control freak but who ever wrote this garbage deservesthe Rick Astley life time achievment award. The Crue has found that filthy powerful sound that you can picture a naked girl sliding up and down a pole too but then ruin almost every track with cheesy lyrics like ' I dont want to go to school' ( No shit Nikki your in your 50's why would you want to go to school?) on face down in the dirt and choreses like ' were the white trash circus dont give a damm we'll steal your girl when ever we can ( have you lost your confidence in slaying chicks Nikki??) on white trash circus which give the album that Motley Crue meets a cracked out slutty Mother Goose feel.",0,0,"Apr 18, 2009"
9,"Not their best, but pretty damn good album. A good album to follow up The Dirt!",0,0,"Jun 25, 2008"
3,"Motley crue is my favorite band. this is not motley crue. i can't hear the gutars, and nothing of it speaks motley crue. it sounds like someone else wrote the guitar parts, cause it sure as hell doesn't sound like mick. i know the crue when i hear it. disappointed fan here.",0,0,"Jun 26, 2008"
9,"This is a great album and in fact I think its the best they have done. No fillers and just great music to feed off of. This is the album that should of followed Dr. Feelgood. I hope they have more of this for us in the future. For now I will keep listening to the 'Saints.' If you don't like it you don't get it.",0,0,"Jun 28, 2008"
8,"Good Crue CD. People expect too much from the Crue. Good fun rocking tunes. Not as 'HARD' as some may want but all around good CD.",0,0,"Jun 29, 2008"
9,"I would have never believed the Crue would come out with a release like this. It is just amazing. I have been a Crue fan since Too Fast For Love. I agree that the guitar lacks the sound of the early Crue, but I actually like it better. You know it's Crue when Vince gets going. It is fantastic, and my favorite Crue yet.",0,0,"Jul 18, 2008"
10,"This Album speaks for a entire forgoten generation!",0,0,"Aug 15, 2008"
6,"There are highs and lows throughout the album but it's nice to see the guys all together again making an album that isn't pure mush. Fun to pop in and sing along to.",0,0,"Sep 19, 2010"
9,"Although not what they use to be, who the hell is!  A very good effort.  I am happy to have it and added to my collection of Hard Rock and Metal music.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2012"
4,".Motley Crue had experienced some turmoil following the release of their biggest album, Dr. Feelgood, in 1989. Their lead singer, Vince Neil, either quit or was fired from the group in 1992, and the band subsequently brought in replacement John Corabi, and released a self-titled album in 1994. However, the album wasn't such a hit with fans, and nor was the singer, who was out of the band by 1996. Vince Neil was back in the picture, but the next album, Generation Swine, was a relative commercial flop also. Some of the material had been written by Corabi before he left, and there was tension in the group which would eventually prompt drummer Tommy Lee to quit. They hired Randy Castillo, released another flop of an album, New Tattoo, and after that, Castillo passed away and the band lay dormant for some time, until 2004, when Lee rejoined, which brings us to this point. Their 'comeback' album, Saints of Los Angeles, was released in 2008.
Is it a comeback that proves that the band can still write fresh material and tackle new things, or is it the sound of a band trying to recapture those glory days by writing songs that are re-hashes of the attitude and ideas of the band back in the day? I'm afraid it's more the latter than the former. Pretty much every song is about the typical sex, drugs and rock and roll clichd crap. Downing the whiskey, having sex with women, being an animal. There's nothing really new or worthwhile to be found here.
The music itself sounds like Motley Crue trying to write music exactly like their 80s output, but this vision suffers in part due to the modern production and the songwriting process itself, which just makes it bland and pale in comparison to their classic material, especially seeing as the production makes the band sound less unique. Every song is written by bassist Nikki Sixx and his chums James Michael, DJ Ashba (both of whom are Sixx's Sixx:AM bandmates) and Marti Frederiksen. Sixx is only interested in giving us what he THINKS we want to hear, not what we actually want to hear. For a start: Nikki, what band are you writing for? This isn't Sixx:AM. This is MOTLEY CRUE! Maybe if you let your bandmates have more songwriting input like you used to, this could have been better. It seems like James Michael and Marti Frederiksen (along with Desmond Child) do a lot of songwriting for 70s/80s bands who feel that they need outside writers to 'enhance' their material. Well, guess what? It doesn't enhance it. It just makes your stuff sound more clichd and bland, and your band sounds less unique. This is why I think, for example, Scorpions' Humanity: Hour I, could have been better than it was. But anyway, let's get back on topic.
The band members seem good at playing their instruments (assuming it was the actual band members and not, say, Sixx:AM and/or Josh Freese) so it's a shame it's put to little use here. When I first heard the album around 2 years ago, I did get into the title track and 'The Animal in Me', but do I listen to these songs anymore? No, no I don't.
If you're a Motley Crue fan who has yet to hear this album, by all means check it out if you must, but don't be surprised if you don't get as much excitement out of it as the band's first five albums. Saints of Los Angeles is the sound of aged rockers who probably don't get along that well and are mainly in it for the cash, collaborating with overrated outside writers to write songs with immature lyrics about drugs and sex (it doesn't sound cool coming from a group of 45-55 year olds) whilst sounding like most mediocre metal bands of the modern day. And actually, I much prefer both the self titled album and Generation Swine to this. I'm glad that the 'boys' are retiring at the end of the year. Nikki, it's all well and good saying you wanted the band to retire at a high point, but this proves you are already way past your 'high point', sadly.
Originally posted on Encyclopedia Metallum",0,0,"Mar 26, 2016"
5,"The Album kicks off with 'Dawn of Creation'. Which wasn't anything special. Before the Album actually got going with 'Prophecy'. And then a filler, 'Awakening'. Before, 'Revelations' continues to make the album a Masterpiece. After that, it begins to go downhill for a little bit. Until 'Persecution' shows a little hope for the rest of the Album. The first half, is just full of 1 minute long fillers that just aren't interesting. And the 2nd half? Nostradamus was the only song there that was actually worth listening to. The rest of it was just orchestra and stuff like that. Other then the over-lengthy 'Future Of Mankind.' Overall, Nostradamus began mixed. But eventually became boring. Hopefully Priest will come up with something much more worth listening to then this next time",0,1,"Nov 28, 2011"
4,"In a word: boring. After three great albums, this stinker should go down as their attempt at trying something different that didn't quite work. Ignore it, pretend it didn't happen and write something that deserves the moniker 'Judas Priest'",0,0,"Jun 20, 2008"
10,"Excellent metal concept charting the life of Nostradamus ranging from some hard hitting metal to mellow ballads with symphonic feel. As with most great metal albums it gets better every listen!",0,0,"Jun 21, 2008"
7,"being a priest fan for nearly 25 years I had more anticipation for this album than any other, that being said, I was a little disappointed in the vocal arrangements throughout the album except for nostradomus and future of mankind when rob halford returns to form its to bad we have to wait until the end of the story to hear it. then again no two priest albums are alike, props for changing up and doing what they want thats why I love em.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2008"
8,"This is not by any means business as usual, and maybe that is why i like it so much, but, visions in the night, war, pestilence and plague, and persecution are still straight forwarded hard pounding rockers. i love most the notes, it is dark, deadly, and given time likely to be called their best studio effort so far. some are calling it sad wings 2 , and i think that is quite apt. but maybe, just maybe it surpasses it. it is a maturing of priest, that is not only welcome but shows that they are not simply old metal bandits, but talented and versatile musicians. way to go go.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2008"
10,"In a time when most classic bands repackage the same old hits in different forms,its great to see a band put some effort in creating something different and new! Just sit back and let The Priest carry you away! All the harsh criticisms are not needed! It's only rock and roll not brain surgery.Crank it up and enjoy!",0,0,"Jun 22, 2008"
8,"Excellent and different.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2008"
10,"Great stuff from one of metal music legends! Ambitious and bold statement from musicians who are not afraid to do things their way. Lots of to appreciate for old fans of Priest but much fresh and surprising stuff too. Highly recommended!",0,0,"Jun 26, 2008"
9,"OK, so its not Painkiller. don't rate the album by comparing it to old Priest classics or you will be disappointed. if you rate it as a seperate entitiy, you find a very well done epic concept album with very cool atmospheric and acoustic parts. it may not sit well with many old Priest fans, but its still an amazing piece of music, regardless of the sound change. nad Hlaford still sounds as amazing as ever. try it out.",0,0,"Jun 26, 2008"
9,"Unique ,original Concept album. The more you listen the more you like and understand what was to be acheived. Would love to see it live. I am going july 30 and hope to hear alot of new stuff.",0,0,"Jun 26, 2008"
9,"Love the album. At first it was different but after a few listens I love it! Can't get the songs out of my head!",0,0,"Jun 26, 2008"
9,"A very good and Very different priest album, i love the new style they have chosen for this record, it suits them so well, the keyboards, piano, choir, everything it fits so well, and the songs are amazing, not blistering fast like painkiller, but filled with GREAT riffs, harmonies, solos, interludes, everything. this album has so much variety, there are songs taht remind me of painkiller, and some that remind me of sad wings of destiny. Every true priest fan should have this album.",0,0,"Jun 26, 2008"
8,"Better than most critics will admit, this CD does take some time to get used to. But keep listening! After several listening though, its really growing on me. 'Persecution' is an absolute classic. A worthy CD from a great band.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2008"
4,"I am a huge Priest fan, but find this album to be shockingly bad. Such high expectations dashed on the rocks of sub-medicore concept schlock! Where are the tunes? This is boring, mid-tempo, synth-drenched filler. At times embarrassingly Spinal Tap-like. The sameness of the tracks, the lack of contrast, melody and tonal variation make this a turgid mess. Only a few songs transcend the level of dross to be remotely competent tracks. The Priest are way better than this. Let's hope this doesn't kill their career once and for all.",0,0,"Jul  2, 2008"
10,"It's a masterpiece.",0,0,"Jul  3, 2008"
10,"Masterpiece!",0,0,"Jul  5, 2008"
2,"This CD is horrible,...Growing up a die hard Priest fan,this CD is just Bad!",0,0,"Jul  5, 2008"
10,"A masterpiece!!!",0,0,"Jul  6, 2008"
10,"Okay I think that this album is wonderful. For Priest fans that think it isn't hard enough go back and listen to Rocka Rolla or Sad Wings of Destiny (and I don't mean the victim of changes or the Ripper I mean the WHOLE album) I think that it is a new sound for them, but a good one. They tell the story well and the emotions that they convey through the music is just mind blowing. Rob's vocals are a bit lower (give him a break the man is nearly 60) but still amazing. He sings wonderfully in Italian in pestalence and plague. I think that the harmonies are great between KK and Glenn, and most of thier solos deffinately have the priest sound to them. I know some people may not get it but it is worth a few listens even to people that are the hardest of headbangers who may not like it at first.",0,0,"Jul  9, 2008"
10,"Made me enjoy the difference of a band that is always the same. This album did not change its metal trend, it has enriched it.",0,0,"Jul  9, 2008"
8,"A concept album like this is often all about the story and the lyrics, so whats the idea I thought. Who have ever bought a Priest album for the lyrics..? At first listening my recction was - crap! When putting on a new Priest CD, I want to be thrown out the window by the power. This was someting else, but now it starts to get to me. I just cant get some songs out of my head. Its good, very good... And at least there is a real Judas thrasher in the song 'Nostradamus' anyway. The Halford-scream in the beginning is a sure goosebumper!",0,0,"Jul 10, 2008"
8,"If you liked Sad Wings of Destiny then this album is for you. There are no top 20 hits here but Priest has never really tried to please everyone. Instead they go for a mood and theme and they connect on both attempts. I have been a fan since the late 70's and I am still a fan. I like the album and was glad they tried to do something new and at the same time touch on some old sounds. Give it a try and then give it a second listen. You will be glad you did.",0,0,"Jul 11, 2008"
9,"This is a great album. Some listeners will expect raging guitar and thundering drums but Priest changes it up on this one. Yes there is still a bit of that but there is so much more to this diverse band. It is melodic and moody which reminds me of 'Sad Wings of Destiny.' Great stuff.",0,0,"Jul 11, 2008"
10,"Awesome. Almost sounds operatic at times, but, hey, it's Halford at the reigns and it sounds beautiful. It still tastes like Priest, the guitars are great, just like Glen and KK. I feel that this project will grow in appreciation with time, and even cross over to people with other music tastes. I can't wait for their next project, or the CONCERT in August (in Phoenix)",0,0,"Jul 15, 2008"
10,"Great concept album!! As other metal bands are today swimming in circles (Iron Maiden, Saxon, etc.) Judas Priest continues to evolve and adapt to new tendencies taking us to new listening productions.",0,0,"Jul 16, 2008"
7,"At the grand old age of 44, I've been the worlds biggest Priest fan for over 30 years. Nostradamus is a varied mixture of Priest at their best and at their worst. However as a continous piece of music it should be judged as such. People like Mozarts 5th symphony but don't breakdown the individual components. Overall Nostradamus is a good piece of music that takes a few listens to fully appreciate. Embrace the 'cheese' and you'll enjoy it. Otherwise avoid. Not for the faint hearted.",0,0,"Jul 18, 2008"
9,"Masterpiece!",0,0,"Jul 18, 2008"
10,"An epic masterpiece!",0,0,"Jul 23, 2008"
9,"This is an AWESOME album. Most of you people are idiots and can't see how good something is because you are used to the same old same old. Brilliant Album.. Sounds a little like Manowar Style.. Go Priest.",0,0,"Jul 24, 2008"
10,"I am a massive Priest fan and have been now for many years now and I do not see how anyone can slander this album. A lot of people are saying it isn't in keeping with the 'Priest sound', but I don't quite see how people can say thney have a sound when they have changed and evolved so much over the years. They have always tried simething different with each album and this is another one of those albums. This is another completely different experience and even if you dont think its like Priest you should still be able to appreciate as a piece of music for what it is. There are some fantastic tracks on here, highlishts being Prophecy, Revelations, Death, Pestilence and Plague, Visions, Nostradamus...well pretty much all of the album is a highlight. The shorter tracks between main songs link them together perfectly and keep the narrative going. The orchestral elements add extra epic qualities to KK and Glenn's riffs and the keyboards give it a mystical, magical feeling which is very fitting with the content. I personally love this album and think it is one of the best Priest has ever done. It is way up there with albums like Sad Wings and Painkiller. A must buy for any Priest fan. Just sit down, stick it on (loud) and have an open mind!",0,0,"Jul 28, 2008"
9,"In knowing all the JP music from their start and seeing several of their concerts. I really do like the Nostradamus theme and music. I am however extremly dissapointed in the concert for the album. As much as I like the past concerts I was under the belief that this concert was to be a concept theatrical rock like opera stage show with only the music from the album to be played. Then at a later date for them to retour and play their old music. Instead they played 2-3 songs from the album and the rest from the past",0,0,"Jul 28, 2008"
9,"Totally different, but awseome. Gets better the more it is played.",0,0,"Aug  4, 2008"
10,"I've always felt that Judas Priest were a heavy metal band combining elements of hard rock, classical music and opera. This album confirms my belief. It is an absolute masterpiece. The vocals are hauntingly brilliant, the drumming (which I have never really noticed before) is superb, and the guitars are their best work to date. Their best album by a long shot.",0,0,"Aug  6, 2008"
9,"If you listen to just 1 song listen to death (the entire song). If then you are not mesmerized into listening to the entire cd you should rethink your appreciation for what is true metal art.",0,0,"Aug 19, 2008"
6,"It wasn't my favorite album.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2008"
10,"From Halford's powerful vocals, Tipton's and Downing's mesmerizing dual guitar riffs and solos, to the thunderous rythym section, this CD kicks ass. It does take a couple of listens, but it is definitely a great concept album.",0,0,"Aug 29, 2008"
9,"This album is ultimately listen-able. It delivers on every single level. Yes, it's a double disc concept album about Nostradamus. Yes, there are lesser tracks on the album, but none of them are bad. They simply act to elevate the best songs of the album to a level beyond expectation. Don't be too quick to judge. The album gets better with each and every listen. After seeing the Metal Masters tour I was shocked to see they only played one song from the new album. Well worth the time. Rock on. And on. And on.",0,0,"Sep  6, 2008"
10,"Best Priest album ever, very epic. A great story, told with awesome lyrics mixed with some amasing instrumental performances.",0,0,"Sep 11, 2008"
8,"Well, Im a big Maiden, Megadeth and Helloween fan. The only song I really listen to by Priest was Breaking the Law. Well I walked into a CD store, lookin for some new CD's. Then I came a cross this one, then BAM! Like, the prophecy, alone, death. future of mankind, nostradamus..just really amazed me. I guess you can add priest to my list of favorites now lol.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2008"
10,"Pushes the boundaries of Metal (in a resoundingly positive way). Manowar's 'Gods of War' did the same, by extensive use of (REAL) Symphonic and Operatic elements. Without albums like 'Nostradamus' and 'Gods of War', Metal would be COMPLETELY dead-slash-written out withing 10 years. Whereas calculator-loving bands like Dragonforce and Lost Horizon have no emotional impact, their vision is completely incarnated via the bands they all looked up to the most. Manowar and Judas Priest have grown up, and now Metal starts looking toward Wagner-ian futures.",0,0,"Sep 19, 2008"
9,"Nickadermis predicted the big one in Los Angeles and he predicted a plague of locusts. This album is to his predictions as cheese is to a sandwich.",0,0,"Oct 23, 2008"
10,"Great album, its something new and different. Its a lot like Gods of War, it takes 2 or 3 listenings to really get into it.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2008"
9,"I didn't like the album when i first heard it but now i love it. Tracks like prophecy, nostradamus, pestilence and plague, revelations and many more are simply superb. Rob's voice is outstanding and all those solos are simply great and those keyboards do add melody. It's a great album. Priest! Priest! Priest!",0,0,"Dec  6, 2008"
10,"This album is best album that is ever done!",0,0,"Dec 16, 2008"
9,"Very good album, some of the stuff was a bit to pop music for me, but over all i am happy i purchased it.",0,0,"Dec 16, 2008"
10,"Great album, great story, great music. Full power, the best Metal album of the year.",0,0,"Mar 16, 2009"
8,"Great album, not the best but worth your money! I loved Nostradamus, Prophecy, Exiled and the song Death the most. It's heavy but slow so if that's not your thing then you probally won't like this album. Painkiller, angel of retribution and this one are now my top 3 priest albums!",0,0,"May  9, 2009"
7,"Judas Priest took a risk with there latest studio album, some of the song were a bit too much of a departure, but the album still rocks.",0,0,"Jul 20, 2009"
10,"Wow .. an epic album from Metal Gods !! This album is great!! 23 wonderful songs make this album a masterpiece...All songs are dramatic..Only Judas are able to make that album",0,0,"Jul 12, 2014"
9,"This is a fantastic album. Production is great. Everything can be heard clearly. Halfords voice is wonderful.
I don't understand the flack people give this album. Its a great long piece of music that took real effort. No ...its not 10 songs about rockin and rollin ... rollin and rockin ..... THANKFULLY
Great concept, great execution. I love it. I love that they did this album and in the end I think everyone will be able to say 'you know that was an awesome record' rather than complain it wasn't painkiller. Painkiller of course is awesome too. But they already made that album and tried something new. Which worked. Different for sure and a gamble. But after 40 years ... do you really want the exact same formula every time? I don't. This one worked for me.
The only problem I have with this record is the vinyl release was packed horrible in vinyl eating sleeves. Everyone I know who bought one cant play them without hearing the shoosh and swish of burnt vinyl surface. Too bad.",0,0,"Jul 31, 2014"
10,"Breathtaking album.",1,1,"Jul 10, 2009"
10,"Simply breathtaking, an album that starts up like Deliverance does, enging up like Damnation / Blackwater Park, but with more memorable riffs. Definitely a must get for Opeth fans!",1,1,"Nov 12, 2008"
10,"Almost as good as Blackwater Park, Watershed is a great album! Opeth has never lost that amazing song-writing talent that they possess.",1,1,"Oct  5, 2008"
10,"Yes; complex and original -- though the clean vocals often fall a tad short of real innovation, Watershed is a proggy and diverse diamond in the horrifically simplistic and derivative rough that is the metal genre.",1,1,"Jun 12, 2008"
10,"This is the best metal band there ever was and they are always able to top themselves.",1,1,"Jun 20, 2008"
9,"Akerfeldt is incapable of making anything that doesn't rule, no matter which genres he's checking. Consistant, smart, ballsy.",1,1,"Aug  8, 2008"
9,"David is a moron. This is a very fresh album. Perhaps he needs to grow up a little and put away his toys. This is a man's band and he is a little out of his league.",1,1,"Jun 18, 2010"
4,"Further proof Akerfeldt & Co. are incapable of interesting, fresh music. At least Ghost Reveries had some great songs. This one barely has any good ones; boring prog-lite at its worst.",0,1,"Dec  5, 2008"
8,"Great album I would just like to make a comment about the Alternative press review which has made the horrendous claim that what Opeth do best is flat out shred....which is not true by any stretch of the imagination.",0,0,"Sep  5, 2008"
7,"It's very good, especially Hessian Peel and The Lotus Eater. But I don't see that it's a huge step forward from Ghost Reveries as it's been touted. The keyboards are playing a more prominent role, and they're totally awesome. Burden is a little dull though. Overall, I think I still like Ghost Reveries more.",0,0,"Jun 28, 2008"
9,"Not the groups best by a long shot. The first 4 songs are absolutly killer, the next 3 could have been shortened by about minutes. And what's with every song having a gimmicky ending? Burden? Heir Apparent?! anyways, it's Opeth, the greatest, most creative and beautiful heavy metal band around now, and this is a great album with some great flaws that keep it from really being essential like Still Life, Ghost Reveries and Morningrise. Hessian Peel is a masterpeice, no question about that.",0,0,"Feb 21, 2009"
8,"Honestly, I think now as I always have; there are only two types of people in the world: Opeth die-hards (like myself) and people that haven't given Opeth a fair chance at amazing them. Because of their genre, growling death metal and perhaps the fact that their songs do tend to be a bit longer, unfortunately people tend to be hesitant to give Opeth the time of day. The fact is, much like the beauty of the minor scales found in many classical songs like Beethoven's Moonlight Sonata; Opeth delivers the best in musical movement. So why only an 8? Because the band didn't move from riff to riff flawlessly like they have in the past. Albums like 'Still Life' and 'Backwater Park' are, in my opinion this band's best. maybe that's me in nastalgia, maybe it's because they lost half of the band's line-up, maybe it's because the album was recorded in two different locations... I found it left me amused but with no fiery love for the songs due to silent pauses in the middle of what should have been more intense rock. In 'Heir Apparent' the track has notably three or four breaks of more than 4 seconds of sound, and the riffs seemed to drag on too long. To this album's credit though, it is a masterpiece and one cannot say they are a fan if they don't own the album. It's not their best but it is damn fine. The music in 'Hessian Peel' is my favorite.",0,0,"Mar 15, 2010"
7,"Good & solid, but not awesome like Ghost Reveries was. This is more a subtle shift. Perhaps the personnel changes made things a little uneven. Hopefully it suggests a more creative and coherent shift next time.",0,0,"Nov 17, 2008"
9,"There was a time when Opeth was my favorite band in the world. I was absolutely obsessed with them during the Blackwater Park period. For whatever reason, I lost interest in most metal and stopped listening to Opeth as well. I still bought Ghost Reveries, listened to it a couple times, but didn't think much of it one way or another. Well, I took a chance and decided to just check out Watershed for the hell of it. Wow. This is great music, whatever genre you want to to place it under. I don't really know what to say, other than it's revived my interest in Opeth. Great album. Mikael's songwriting has the spark and wild ambition it lacked since BWP.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2008"
10,"I was disappointed the first time I listened through it, but the second time... Wow. Absolutely incredible. Akesson and Axe have definitely earned my respect, and Mikael, or course, is still a god.",0,0,"Jun 25, 2008"
9,"Besides Blackwater Park, Watershed is Opeths finest effort.",0,0,"Jun 28, 2008"
10,"This album is brilliant. Perfect clean/brutal balance as always and the musicianship is top notch.",0,0,"Jul 21, 2008"
10,"Brilliant album, the best metal album from the decade since Blood Mointain from Mastodon. Brutal and beauty, the album's centerpiece is the furious 'Heir Apparent', one of the best metal songs from the decade.",0,0,"Mar 19, 2009"
10,"This album puts a mark that divides another band's phase that follows the path of an interesting and innovative evolution in their genre. It's just perfect.",0,0,"Feb 12, 2012"
10,"The best album by Opeth. From it's jazz interludes in 'the lotus eaters' to it's heavy riffs in 'heir apparent' and everything in between makes this the quintessential Opeth album. It's everything that's great about the band in one package, while showing that they can improve and take themselves forward. Every metal fan should own this album.",0,0,"Dec 10, 2011"
8,"This was one of the first cd's I ever purchased by Opeth. I picked this up after I saw them on tour supporting this particular  album. On top of the fact that the music is interesting and great to listen to, the guys in the band were very nice when I met after they had finished their set. Overall a great peice of music to pick up for fans of this type of music.",0,0,"Nov  9, 2011"
10,"Another breathtaking composition of progressive metal from Mikael Akerfeldt. Riffs like you've never heard before combined with ghostly clean sections complimented by clean vocals. Just amazing. The whole album is an experience that takes you to an entirely new place.",0,0,"Jul 31, 2013"
10,"Mikael Akerfeldt is one of the greatest musicians of all time. His musical endeavors (Opeth or otherwise) are original, challenging, emotional and breathtaking. I would rank his contributions up there with the likes of The Beatles, Elvis Presley, Bob Dylan and Jimi Hendrix to name a few. Akerfeldt's penchant for musical excellence continues on Opeth's ninth studio album, 'Watershed'. The album more than lives up to its title, with rich melodies and instrumentation throughout, and red hot songwriting. It is also the band's most diverse to date, offering just as much for the metalheads as it does for the casual listener. Tracks such as 'Burden,' 'Porcelain Heart,' and 'The Lotus Eater' offer the listener a unique sonic experience that just cannot be rivaled. It is an album that you will not regret hearing.",0,0,"Mar 16, 2014"
10,"Listen to it twice before you decide. I wasn't completely blown away the first time through, but the more I listen to it, the more I enjoy it. There's not a bad song, in my opinion. I really like the sound of 'The Night.'",1,1,"Jun 24, 2008"
10,"This album makes you feel the bass drum pounding into your chest and as the lyrics truly make anyone feel indestructible.  This has to be my favorite album of all time.  My itunes library has over 3000 listens recorded of 'Indestructible'.  To Disturbed- great job. To potential listeners- don't deny yourself this masterpiece.",1,1,"Dec 25, 2011"
10,"qqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq",1,2,"Dec 20, 2011"
3,"Boring, not exciting.",0,1,"Jul  2, 2008"
0,"Oh boy, more generic mainstream rock, how fun. This gives metal a bad name, if you can even call it metal.",0,6,"Jan 11, 2009"
9,"I agree with a lot of other reviewers; Just listening it to it once doesn't do it justice. It took me the second time around to really like this album, though I do have two problems. First of all, the title track ('Indestructible', the song, not the album) is a little inconsistent. When I first heard it, it totally blew me away, and it continued to blow me for quite some time. However, it grew a bit old, and now, I get that adrenaline rush only sometimes, as opposed to all the time. Second, I don't like the choppiness of the pre-chorus in 'The Night', it disturbs the melodic flow of the song, but great album nonetheless.",0,1,"Oct 11, 2012"
9,"Their best album yet. Very consistent throughout; I've listened to it again and again without finding tracks I prefer to skip. The band sounds tighter than ever.",0,0,"Apr  8, 2009"
10,"A little repetitive, but one of the best albums, if not the best, of 2008.",0,0,"Jan  2, 2009"
10,"Disturbed can only get better I have been a fan ever since I first heard them and I will always be their fan. ROCK ON'!",0,0,"Jun 20, 2008"
10,"I loved this cd, still waiting on the DVD, but it's great, my dad loves it as well",0,0,"Jun 23, 2008"
10,"Indestructible seems like a the best parts of all three of their previous albums, and then some. It's got the animalistic growls of David Draiman, as well as his surprisingly melodic turn heard in 'Believe'. Dan Donegan has also vastly improved, almost every track has a raging solo. So in other words, this is the best disturbed album to date, and is definitely a must-buy.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2008"
9,"Solid album fro start to finish.Changes things up enough from their previous work to keep me interested all the way through. First album in a long time by a so called 'neu-metal' band that isn't filled with filler tracks copied from whatever single that their produce told them to release first.",0,0,"Jul  3, 2008"
10,"Album is amazing. Also, now I remember why I hate critics, they're always wrong.",0,0,"Jul  9, 2008"
9,"To put it simply: this album blew away my expectations.",0,0,"Jun 19, 2008"
8,"I thought the band was very solid on this album, especially the drums and guitars. However you can tell Draiman is on the downward spiral, lacking impressive vocals and interesting lyrics.",0,0,"Jun 19, 2008"
7,"The rock is hard, and the sound is great, but the singing is really uninspired when compared to their last 2 albums. I want the screams! Other than that, this CD isn't quite 'disturbed' enough for some's liking.",0,0,"Jun 24, 2008"
10,"Great album, and only one song is a re-release! All-new and spectacular. Loved it at first note, Listened to it many times through, and still love it.",0,0,"Jul 31, 2008"
10,"This album is definitely Disturbed's best outing yet, with relentless riffs and pounding beats, which are all perfectly intertwined with the lyrics to create a near-perfect album. If you are a fan of any kind of hard rock/metal, then this album is for you!",0,0,"Jul  6, 2008"
9,"This CD draws from each of their previous records and builds upon them. The guitar solos are the greatest addition. A must-have for Disturbed fans.",0,0,"Jun 18, 2008"
10,"This album is by far their best to date. If you are a Disturbed fan, you owe it to yourself to purchase this album. It's definitely worth it with great songs like Inside the Fire and Criminal.",0,0,"Jun 29, 2008"
10,"An awesome band critics should be ashamed for their lackluster review.",0,0,"Jul 18, 2008"
7,"Okay, it`s Disturbed, and I`m a big fan....That said, I was a bit disappointed after listening to Indestructible for the first time. It just didn't have the power of The Sickness and Ten Thousand Fists and even Believe. Sure its melodic, but I want the 'Liberate your mind' stuff back cause thats what Disturbed is all about for me.",0,0,"Jul 29, 2008"
9,"At first, Indestructible didn't really impress me.  But after listening a couple of times, it's become one of my favorite hard rock albums.  Even though a vast majority will tell you that the title track is the best, my personal favorite is 'Divide'.  Definitely check this album out.",0,0,"Apr 23, 2012"
7,"Its good...but not as exciting as their previous albums..I liked one song, which is Indestructible..and the rest was probably 'eh, ok.' Their metal music is truly heavy metal, but being exciting was not as I hoped it was.",0,0,"Aug 18, 2010"
7,"This album is alright but it could have been better, but i really liked it. The album made my top 10's but Asylum is still really far ahead. My favorite song on this album is Inside the fire, the song meaning reached my inner being. One thumb up, One thumb down.",0,0,"Oct 25, 2010"
9,"I hate that this incredible album is regarded as less of a sucess than 'Asylum.' I personally believe this album is much more emotive, entertaining, dark and satisfying. One of Disturbs bests. 'Criminal' for instance, is an amazing track, ferocious and angry, yet also catchy and remisicent of the more groove-orientated tracks on The sickness. Love this album.",0,0,"Apr 28, 2011"
10,"The song  indestructible is the most badass, inspiring song ever. I listento it every day and when i am sad because it makes you truly feel INDESTRUCTIBLE!!!!!!",0,0,"Feb  2, 2013"
9,"This was the final album by Disturbed that I listened to in its entirety and it was certainly worth the wait. Despite its dark message Inside the Fire is brilliant but away from singles, songs such as The Curse, Enough and Torn are just brilliant to listen to. I couldn't score it 10 because for me it has to be pure brilliance which it nearly was. My song pick is The Night.",0,0,"Jan 24, 2016"
9,"Of all of this band's albums, this one is their absolute best. Disturbed has a great sound, good lyrics, and a nice aesthetic. But in every album, there's always at least three songs that make me go 'This isn't right... Are we suddenly listening to pop trying to be metal now?'. Not this time. Only one song on this album didn't really sound good to me. But even that song was at least passable. This album just misses a perfect score because of that song. This album is exactly why disturbed remains my 2nd favorite band.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2015"
9,"9/10 .................................................................................................................................................",0,0,"Mar 22, 2015"
8,"Um. Good album, yes. But 'Texas metal band'? How can the Pyramids be remotely classified as metal? They're one of those progressive electronic bands of the sort Pitchfork usually likes. (Not this time I guess).",0,0,"Jun 28, 2008"
9,"This is harder and sharper than their first album. Very cool all the way round.",0,0,"Apr 10, 2008"
9,"Nice album, my ears still bleeding!",0,0,"Apr  9, 2008"
10,"Old school metal is back to teach your ass a lesson.",0,0,"Apr  9, 2008"
8,"This album is amazing. It seems Meshuggah has combined the breakneck speed of chaosphere with the heaviness of Nothing. The only factor in this Album I don't like is Meshuggah don't give up on their ferocious attack throughout the whole album, I would like to breath a little... god damn!",1,1,"Mar 19, 2008"
9,"A release that merges every style Meshuggah has touched on throughout their career and merges them into a pared-down summary of what makes them so important.",0,0,"Mar 31, 2008"
9,"Bleed is devastating. The title track is the heaviest thing on earth. This album is amazing.",0,0,"Apr  1, 2008"
9,"Brilliant, intricate album.",0,0,"Apr 23, 2008"
9,"This is a great album--not perfect, but great. By the way, Ben Ratliff from Blender is an idiot; he clearly dismisses the efforts of Meshuggah to tailor their sound back into a more cohesive effort in the vein of 'Destroy, Erase, Improve' and 'Chaosphere,' the latter of which he mentions as having more groove. While that statement in and of itself may be true, he leaves no room for the evolution Meshuggah has obviously made since then.",0,0,"Mar 13, 2008"
9,"Whilst there is very little here that is groundbreaking/ innovativ, this is certainly the most aggressive material Meshuggah have put out in a long time. The album sounds like a fast spastic with a hammer in one hand and a knife in the other. If you like their previous work (and if you don't there's something wrong in your brain that you need to have fixed by a surgeon at the next available opportunity) then you'll love it.",0,0,"Mar 14, 2008"
9,"Great album, Meshuggah's best so far.",0,0,"Mar 15, 2008"
10,"Not so hard for the ears this time, but don't let that fact misguide you, probably the most technical album so far.",0,0,"Mar 16, 2008"
9,"Bone crushing... took me a few listens to really appreciate it. Pravus is the best track... at 52 minutes it's the perfect length.",0,0,"Mar 19, 2008"
9,"Great album, I'd say its more of a thrash album but they still stick to their essence of being extremely technical.",0,0,"Mar 24, 2008"
9,"Blender is right on, but only for the first listen. It takes a lot of patience to get through the album the first time you hear it. But every time after that, it's pretty exhilarating.",0,0,"Apr 18, 2008"
9,"This is one of my favourite metal albums. The poly-rhythms never fail keep you on your toes and the heavy guitar riffs keep it insanely edgy. This is the most intense band I have ever heard. Tears you apart.",0,0,"Jan 31, 2011"
9,"The best Meshuggah album! Just masterpiece from the bst band in this genre!
All tracks are very pleasant to listen to.I will choose 'Bleed' and  'obZen' from them all.
9 from 10.",0,0,"Sep 25, 2015"
10,"Awesome. Just awesome",5,5,"Apr  1, 2008"
10,"Anyone who calls this album 'emo' or clearly has no clue what they are talking about. 'Emo' has turned into some sort of blanket insult that covers any type of metal that doesn't meet the precise genre definitions as decreed by some closed-minded metal know-it-all.",1,1,"Mar 23, 2008"
5,"This website needs to raise its limit for the amount of reviews required to make an album considered the highest rated for 2008. Even looking at past years, its a joke that some of these albums have such high ratings when there are reviews that would lower the overall score that metacritic is too lazy to go back and correct.",1,3,"Mar 17, 2008"
3,"90? Oh man...I hope more critics review this album, because this album doesn't deserve this high rating at all. The band is really good with instruments, but this album is just a mess. It sounds like all the other metalcore bands out there.",1,4,"Mar 31, 2008"
2,"Hey, it's average score is actually 85. Oh, and this album sucks. . . really bad.",0,2,"Apr  1, 2008"
1,"Nonsense album,nonsense band,nonsense kind of music.. It's not metal, it's not hardcore, it's not punk.. Totally disgusting!",0,1,"Feb 18, 2008"
1,"Bad crap...what a hell is with this rating.",0,1,"Apr 13, 2008"
2,"It's pretty bad, I'm getting tired of this stuff, young guys ripping off old classics.",0,1,"Apr  3, 2008"
3,"Is this the unused sessions from 'Kezia'? How is it that it takes 3 years to record the same thing again? 'Palms Read' contains a heavily engineered and overly produced 5-second slap-bass slop fest, and there is more half-hearted and Pro-Tools-infected screaming, but Protest needs to stop acting like they are metal Gods. Maybe if they played metal, and maybe if they could release a different album in less than three years, but until they give song titles more effort than 'Bloodmeat,' they are nothing special in my book, that is, unless you think fast = amazing. In that case, go kill yourself listening to this album in the car.",0,2,"May 10, 2008"
1,"Septic stuff.",0,1,"Apr  1, 2008"
0,"the voice is horrible, and it's emo...",0,1,"Feb 29, 2008"
3,"It is simply, pure crap... This 90 average makes me sick... It is the worse rating of an album on Metacritic I can remember, and I read this website since its start",0,1,"Mar 17, 2008"
4,"Too much noise, anything 'visionary' about this album is drowned out. It's almost impossible to listen to; I really don't get all the excitement. Also, Franklin T needs to get a life and move out of his mom's house.",0,1,"Mar 24, 2008"
8,"Although the 90% average is slightly high, this is definately an album well worth listening to for fans of metal, protest, or for people who just want to try something new.",0,0,"Apr  2, 2008"
10,"I'm always confused by those who lash out at this band. I read below that there is not much original in Protest the Hero's music, and I suppose that this is fair. But I assure you, the same is equally true for just about anything in anybody's record collection. Music builds upon that which came before it, so it's a strain to claim that much originality in almost any given record. I'm pretty excited by what I'm hearing in these songs, and I've been dedicated to aggressive music for the better part of 25 years. Even if I didn't really like it, I think that these kids deserve to have me spend my money - their aim is so clearly not trendy Their love for their craft is obvious.",0,0,"Apr  1, 2008"
8,"I love what these guys are doing here. It sounds brilliantly like, you know, 1980's speed-metal, only it's loads more original. The vocals are outstanding, almost to a humorous point sometimes. I'm sure I would have enjoyed 'Fortress' more, however, if the drummer could hold back a bit. That doesn't mean I'll discredit it the rating it truly deserves, but it would be easier for me to enjoy if that double bass drum wasn't so incessant. 'Blood Meat,' the album's first single, is genius and will be on my list of best songs of the year for sure.",0,0,"Apr  1, 2008"
8,"The emo vocals and their approach remind me of Faith No More but they have way much more technical musicianship that sets them on a higher level. The only issue I have with this band is that they have not figured out what they want to say with their music yet. I'll attribute it to them being still relatively young so they can waste their time , for a little while, with mindless wandering as long as the music is good (which it kicks @ss in this case!!!). Once they get their heads out of their collectives @sses and take a stand on something other than D&D, medievel battles and video gamelike blood & gore...WATCH OUT!!! Then they will truly be a force to reckon with. Great listen!",0,0,"Apr  1, 2008"
10,"Protest is simply one the most awesome bands ever. 10/10 !!! Those who cannot like this must be making conclusions on a single listen. Complex music deserves a few more spins obviously.",0,0,"Apr  3, 2008"
9,"Great album, if you like metal at all give it a listen. Opinions are like culos, everyone's got one so judge this for yourself. This cd is one that I never leave the house without.",0,0,"May  1, 2008"
10,"I love how people criticize an album for its 'emo' vocals etc. In order to properly judge an album and give it an unbiased rating people can't go into the review expecting something or alreay labelling the artists. Meerely listen, observe, and state your opinions and above all, know what you're talking about before you give something a mediocre rating.",0,0,"May  8, 2008"
9,"Given that I had an extremely high tilt from their debut 'situationist-requiem' Kezia, I had high expectations for their sophomore. I was far from disappointed. I hold this album to the same plateau as their earlier album. With outstanding riffs mixed with melodies, this 'everything-but-the-kitchen-sink' metal album cannot disappoint. If it does, you'd be best to find another genre all together. Good work boys.",0,0,"Feb 16, 2008"
10,"This album kicks major ass!! Great job eh...these Canadiens really rock. Excellent musicianship mixed with some really great melodies. I haven't been this pumped about a band since I first heard Killswitch Engage. Great job guys!!",0,0,"Feb 18, 2008"
10,"This is already in the running for best album of the year from me... and it was only released in January!",0,0,"Feb 22, 2008"
9,"This album does everything that most relevant metal bands are doing today, but combines all these elements into one package that is not only extremely tech., but also very fun to listen to.",0,0,"Mar 23, 2008"
10,"Definately different than Kezia, but still totally awesome. I don't understand why people who dont like a certain kind of music, rate a good band poorly. Jerks.",0,0,"Mar 31, 2008"
9,"WOW, Rael and Liam must have their ears painted on. The riffage is insane, the vocals are interesting and varied (more than jsut the screaming/melodious style of metalcore), the concept is cool too. I can understand the constant riffing might drive you nuts, and I understand you might have to like mathcore to get into it, but there is no denying these guys are doing something which is leaps and bounds ahead of most prog bands. Played it to my mate who doesn't like heavy music and he was even suitably impressed... I believe his words were.. 'Jesus Christ!'",0,0,"Apr  1, 2008"
6,"Okay, to start this off, I will admit that yes, they play well, and while this cd is entertaining to a point, that point does not deserve to bring this to a 90, I think we all know this deep down. This is Metacritic's flaw, a fluke, something that has allowed unworthy cd's, games, and movies undeservedly into the 'Top of' lists time and time again. So sure, I guess we can throw all the 'mediocre-hardcore-power-metal' loving readers who are wetting their pants over this score a bone, but before you defend this band's 'excellent' musicmanship, scroll to the top of the screen and look at that splendid FIVE below the score that represents the number of reviews it was based upon. Then go to a CD like Radiohead's In Rainbows, a far superior album, with a score of 88, based upon a much more reliable 42 reviewers, with a user score of 9.1, compared to the 7.1 this album currently has, and rethink your musical tastes. And don't try and pull out the 'It's-mainstream-music-that-all-dumb-people-listen-to' card, because first of all, it's not, and it'll only make you look more ignorant. So go off, think you're so 'different' and unconformist by listening to this slightly above average metal band, you're only conforming to the rest of the pathetic people just like you. There are more superior albums in the metal genre, Mezmerize, by System of a Down, (an album with an actual point and actual music) to name one of them. Just know that if I have to see this kind of rubbish at the #1 spot for 2008, there will be hell to pay. Besides, they sound like a mix between Avenged Sevenfold and Iron Maiden...(Not a winning combination.)",0,0,"Apr 15, 2008"
8,"This album has so far been one of my favorites of 2008, which is saying a lot as this year has seen new albums from some of the best bands around, namely the mars volta and radiohead. They have shown a great deal of maturity over the course of their musical careers and Fortress is no exception. The musicianship is far greater than most bands in not only their genre, but overall. I just hope they continue down this path and don't stray too far into the realm of hardcore growlings which have become more prevalent since the days of Kezia.",0,0,"Apr 20, 2008"
10,"This band is simply AMAZING.",0,0,"Apr  2, 2008"
9,"The emo vocals take a while to get used to , but once I got past that I realized how awesome it is. If you are into technical metal you will love the guitar work on this, and I love how they switch genres so effortlessly without making it sound forced or gimmicky.",0,0,"Apr 22, 2008"
9,"Protest have achieved a monolith of a metal album. Creative melodies and catchy hooks, adeptly weave into an insanely technical web of high-energy musicianship. They soar high above the sea of mediocrity that is currently the contemporary metal scene.",0,0,"Apr  9, 2008"
8,"Amazing band. Amazing album. Not as good as Kezia in my personal opinion, but still a spectacular record.",0,0,"Jun  1, 2008"
10,"This album is spectacular. As a singer versed in a variety of different genres and styles, I give this album a ten because rody has an amazing range, luke and tim shred relentlessly, and arif and moe keep the beat popping like nobody's business. Before you rate this album low or dismiss it entirely, I would like to ask that you try and hit all the notes he does esp the growls and screams. Not so easy is it? What makes him even more remarkable is that he has developed enough vocal endurance to sing this style of music for a long time (during shows he rarely falters). Arif writes all the lyrics and can keep up with luke's shred with his own tapping and sweeps which garners a lot of respect from me. Protest would not be the metal onslaught it is today without arif and rody, two of the youngest powerhouse rockers of the new millenium.",0,0,"Aug 16, 2008"
1,"I listened to this album after a friend said I may like it. My initial opinion was that the guitars sounded terrible, too much treble and over - produced. This led me to believe that this style of music has been milked many times before, so I deleted the file, in my opinion there are far better bands than this within the same genre - dillnger escape plan to name one.",0,0,"Feb 15, 2008"
10,"I had to give it a 10 to balance out the mess that diediedie hard did but overall this is a great album sometimes i have my doubts of some transitions as some one before said, and the voice its not precisely my cup of tea, but in a whole the album is awesome.",0,0,"Feb 16, 2008"
10,"Being a big fan of Kezia, I had high expectations for this album. They were met and exceeded.",0,0,"Feb 19, 2008"
9,"I had never heard of this band but I picked up the album based on the reviews. I really like it. I find a lot of metal heads tend to be extremely closed-minded, listening only to their one or two little niche sub-sub-genres and proclaiming every other kind of metal to be 'crap'. I suspect as this album stradles quite a few different sub-genres that it will get panned by a lot of these people.",0,0,"Feb 22, 2008"
10,"I liked most of Protest's first album, Kezia, and was quite hopeful that Fortress would be pretty good too. However, I was actually blown away by how much the band had changed, for the better, and it was almost like listening to a different band altogether. Already a player for my favorite CD of the year.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2008"
7,"These guys are great instrumentalists, but the dio type singing destroys this album for me, I just can't get into it.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2008"
2,"Not Impressive.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2008"
3,"these guys fall somewhere towards the bottom of the trendy emo/metalcore pile. i can't hear anything original in what they're doing.",0,0,"Mar 17, 2008"
10,"When a band comes out with an album like this at their age, you don't sit on your mediocre asses and guffaw at 'emo vocals'. This album is visionary, you sons of bitches. Bow your heads in shame. The Metal Divines are sending us an invention--invention relies on the furious creativity of return (to old Metal) and abandon (the New Sound)--of Sound. If you can't see or accept that then you're either deaf to the music of the spheres or, as is typical of you mortal dirt-bags, jealous.",0,0,"Mar 18, 2008"
10,"If you give lower then a perfect score then you should never listen to music again. This is not only the best album of the year, but is the greatest album of all time.",0,0,"Mar 18, 2008"
10,"Epic enough said.",0,0,"Mar 19, 2008"
10,"Anyone who cannot appreciate this album is quite unfortunate. This is by far one of the most talented bands on the planet whether you like this style of music or not.",0,0,"Mar 24, 2008"
10,"Even better than Kezia",0,0,"Mar 25, 2008"
2,"Utterly intolerable, over-the-top opera metal that should be banished to the 80s where it belongs. An ability to play one's guitar or drums very quickly does not an artistic album make, and this kind of hollow theatrical nonsense is about as far as one can get.",0,0,"Mar  3, 2008"
10,"Best metal album this year.",0,0,"Mar  4, 2008"
10,"This album defines a lot of boundires of music. People say there vocals are whiney whatever but in reality are some of the best vocals in contemporary metal. The guitars have taken much influence and create a unique sound not only in mathcore but also metal. This bands album has show how well they have progressed if you listen to there early stuff it shines on political messages anti flag would be proud of. Now they created music which show be appreciated by everyone!",0,0,"Apr 13, 2008"
1,"Thank God for the cokemachineglow review to even out the score from the metal dicksucking reviews from everyone else. Admittedly, metal has never been my cup of tea, but the good reviews prompted me to check it out, and this album simply reaffirmed my distaste for the genre. Only listen to if you like to play Warcraft on Friday nights and cut yourself.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
9,"This is a great album. Very original riffs, vocal melodies, and some great drumming. For all of those saying this release is 'average' and 'mediocre', I want to know exactly what you are listening to. You must have the most godly collection of music on the planet, or you yourself must be a virtuoso who's taking time away from your violin to critique a metal-core album. Whatever it may be, this is the best metal-core release ever, and one of the better metal releases in the last few years.",0,0,"May  2, 2008"
1,"For god's sake, look at the reviewers who rated this album. No credibility Terrible record.",0,0,"May  4, 2008"
10,"This band is ingenious. Unique, heavy, progressive, melodic and lyrical. They aren't the most digestible band ever, but they are highly digestible for a metal band. Hence the criticism. Frankly, I don't care for an opinion from someone who thinks either Simple Plan or Cannibal Corpse deserve a better rating. The fact is, these guys do what they do well and no one can touch it. Keep pissing people off boys.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2008"
10,"Truly epic music. The musicians are excellent, and the singer is great too. He has a good vocal range and voice as well as a scream and growl. It's not the kind of music everyone will appreciate, but it's awesome. I suggest listening to samples to see if you like it.",0,0,"Jul 13, 2008"
10,"Some of the lyrics are a bit weak, and some songs (Bone Marrow) have jarring random parts and really don't transition well between them, but overall, this is one of the most interesting, enjoyable albums I've heard in years.",0,0,"Feb 15, 2008"
10,"This is probably one of the best albums I've ever heard. This is better then Kezia (Kezia is still amazing though). It's a lot more heavier. The lyrics are amazing. The guitars are so technical. Everything about this album rocks, all the songs are great.",0,0,"Feb 24, 2008"
8,"I have to completely agree with Brandon S. The vocals really to hurt this album. They're basically emo vocals, which is too bad, since everything else is basically flawless. It's a good album, but I really hesitate to call it the classic that some people see it as. Also, the metascore is so high because there are only 5 reviews (as I right this), so that one really good review is really pulling it up. Just thought I'd point that out.",0,0,"Feb 28, 2008"
10,"An excellent follow-up to Kezia, expanding on that album's scope and technical proficiency. A must-listen for fans of Protest's previous work and those who like their metal at light speed with a healthy dose of genre-bending attention deficiency.",0,0,"Mar 16, 2008"
9,"Remember when 'emo' actually meant something and wasn't just some arbitrary catch-all insult to be hurled at bands you don't like regardless of their actual genre? Anyways, this is a very impressive album by a very talented young band who combine all sorts of elements from many of the various subgenres of metal and punk. It isn't 'emo', it isn't 'opera metal', and it deserves the high rating that it currently has on this site.",0,0,"Mar 21, 2008"
10,"Absolutely insane from beginning to end. A breath of fresh air in the metal universe.",0,0,"Mar 25, 2008"
1,"This album is terrible. This band is an embarrassment to what metal is really about. It's just standard, boring, haircore. The same thing that's been sucking the soul out of metal for the past five or six years or so. Where are the reviews from real magazines, anyway?",0,0,"Mar 27, 2008"
10,"This is an amazing album and took a long time to make and those of you saying it is bad and you are 'tired of this stuff' you might as well keep it to yourselves because you have no idea what you are talking about. i have no idea what kind of music you like but iron maiden is an awesome band and is better than most.",0,0,"Apr 14, 2008"
10,"I have something very important to say. No one should classify any part of PTH's music 'emo'. Their lyrics and musical style are no such filth. They are progressive/metal/post hardcore/punk. Don't be ignorant about the musicianship either. I have been playing guitar (metal) for about 7 years and believe me the riffage on this album is AMAZING. This album deserves to be at the top. If don't understand what PTH is about maybe you should research what both Kezia and Fortress are about before you label it as mediocre. Let the real musicians and those who know great music decide where this album belongs.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2008"
7,"Really melodic stuff. It's in fact a strong mix of different genres (i think form harcore there only few beatdown parts left). There is a strong infuence of heavy metal and everything you can ever imagine",0,0,"Sep  3, 2010"
10,"Quite possibly my favourite album of all time. This is the album that opened my mind to the metal genre and got me listening to everything I could get my hands on. I used to strictly enjoy one genre of metal but because of this glorious ban enjoy a bit of everything. Took me a few listens to really enjoy it but boy was it worth it.",0,0,"Sep 13, 2012"
10,"This album is a completely different style for Avenged Sevenfold, but in a good way. Still hard enough to rock to, but also full of comprehensible lyrics, this quintet from Huntington Beach really surprises me with the passion that they put behind some of the songs. Along my favorites are Afterlife, which I just love as more of like a soft rock ballad, A Little Piece of Heaven (amazing song as well as music video), and Almost Easy (the guitar solo is one of my favorites).",7,7,"Apr 11, 2008"
10,"This album fucking rocks!!!!I love them, they have so much talent, those who don't agree are just f*cking jealous.",4,4,"Feb 14, 2008"
10,"Jesus Christ!!! what the hell is up with all the haters and the **** score??? you people must be more interested in queer ass music like tao cruiz or justin beiber. man screw all of you who gave this a bad review!! this band and album must be too badass for you!",4,4,"Jul 28, 2011"
9,"i think this album is sick as hell. i think that if you can distinguish every song on an album from the others, then that album was successful and showed fans that a7x can do whatever genre they feel like doing and can be so insane at each one. who cares if they dont sound exactly how they did in 2001 or 2003 with their first 2 albums, because what band ever does sound the same? im glad theyve changed because it gives me more variety of music to listen to by one of my favorite bands. also, every review i have read of 'a little piece of heaven' has said it is a huge mess of music, but i think it's one of the coolest things ive ever heard. when the rev sings the chorus i get chills because i find it so unique and different than anything out there",3,3,"Nov  4, 2007"
10,"AMAZING!",3,3,"Nov  1, 2007"
10,"Their best album to date. I said I would give it at least 10 full listens before posting a review and, despite initial apprehensiveness on my part, this album has really grown on me. Any moron who reviews this album before giving it about 10 listens couldn't possibly take in the subtle genius hidden within it. Its a slow grower, but it's definitely worth your time.",3,3,"Nov  3, 2007"
10,"This is the greatest album I have ever listened to. I feel guilty if I skip a song. I mean, every song on it is a masterpiece. It is a variety of different genres that blend together into the signature Avenged sound. To me, this is like The Beatles White Album. It is that damn good.",3,3,"Feb 13, 2008"
10,"ok f*ck everyone who is critizing a7x they are the best heavy metal band out right now! They sound better than they ever did just because their not screaming like they used to dont make them worse. Their new self titled cd is the shit the best cd out now. Their lyrics are f*ckn great very original and the one of the best i heard.So kiss my ass to anyone who is cutting them down calling them soft and shit f*ck u their makn the money u are not doin shit b*tches!",3,3,"Apr 16, 2009"
10,"The signature dueling guitars are in full force. The most ambitious, most melodic, and greatest Avenged Sevenfold album to date.",1,1,"Mar 30, 2008"
10,"Best Album Ever!!!",1,1,"Dec 26, 2007"
10,"Dear God, Almost Easy, A Little Piece of Heaven, Critical Acclaim, Scream. My favorite Avenged Sevenfold songs are all there! The other albums are very good, but none beats this one.",1,1,"Apr 27, 2013"
10,"Alright...I've heard quite enough of all the critics! for F.UK. sakes...honestly...could you play, or write the music....didn't think so....just because you're jealous...sorry but the truth is..you suck...and a7x doesn't.",1,2,"Jun  3, 2009"
0,"Despite my understanding of the general public's stupidity, I still can't believe there's a market for this kind of 'music.' This may be a form of head banging entertainment for some, but it has no critical appeal whatsoever. Those interested in 'hard & heavy' should be directed to those bands who've already covered the territory 20-35 years ago.",0,4,"Jan  7, 2008"
5,"This is the kind of album that's easy to love but also easy to hate. It really isn't a terrible album. It's just far too ambitious and it's hardly up to scale with their other albums. A real shame.",0,2,"Nov 15, 2008"
3,"It's easily the most unoriginal, uninteresting and lazy album Avenged Sevenfold have put together yet. I didn't have high hopes for this album after watching the video for 'Almost easy', which made me want to cry from stupidly out of context guitar solo, terrible lyrical content (I'm not insane, I'm not insane), and irritating vocal melody in the chorus. I didn't mind Critical Acclaim too much, even though I did think that Avenged Sevenfold political motives didn't make much sense and were just a grasp for lyrics. But then comes the album and I can honestly say I've never been so disappointed since I first saw Iron Maiden 'bring me your daughter'(which was pretty terrible). My main complaint, being a guitarist, are the God awful solos thrown in about the album. It seems that vengence and Gates only have two preprogrammed modes for solos now, mind blowingly fast and slow harmonies. There was no sign of emotion, originality, natural progression, or a musical orgasm present throughout any of their solos in that album. On a whole, every song was as formulaic and uninteresting as the last, and i know they can do a lot better.",0,5,"Jan  2, 2008"
7,"It's nothing truly special, but some great tunes makes it worth while despite the over-used style.",0,1,"May  4, 2008"
0,"This is easily one of the worst bands to have ever graced the false labeling of being called 'metal', besides bands like Linkin Park, Korn, and Limp Bizkit, They have no real technique, just scatter-brained attempts at creativity. If you want real metal, listen to Megadeth or Ozzy, not A7X.",0,1,"Nov  1, 2007"
4,"The Sputnikmusic (score of 30) review says it perfectly. The musicianship is just not there this time. The guitars are buried in overproduction and the songs just aren't that good. Maybe novel, but not good. The high point for me, 'Unbound (The Wild Ride)', even falls victim to their 'forcing' new ideas into a good song where they just don't need them. The songs that are less 'innovative' don't feature the technical execution that other A7X albums were great for. This album is lose/lose.",0,1,"Nov 10, 2007"
0,"A7X Is s.it now... the sound is emo and poser... A7X have the money idea now...the metal of the band is losted WTF 4ever.",0,1,"Nov  2, 2007"
6,"Well first off, I'd like to agree with Johnny 5 on the Iron Maiden part, along with basically all 80s metal bands. And I'd also like to say that the reason A7X doesn't sound like other metal bands is because they're NOT METAL!! They're last two albums were hard rock, and Waking the Fallen and Sounding the Seventh Trumpet were metalcore and metal (which most likely most of these 'fans' never listened to, or never did until they heard City of Evil.) People who call this album metal are people who have never listened to real metal, and are also likely poseur/band-wagon A7X fans who just jumped on at City of Evil. But on with my actual review, which is not as biased against like my view of the fans: A7X, I trusted you when you said this album would be a return to your old ways. I honestly was looking forward to some demented screaming and guitar solos, and instead I just got the guitar solos. This is CD is no heavier than City of Evil whatsoever, and is certainly not like their first two albums or EP. While I am not bashing the songs in any way, since I still like them, I just can't repress my disappointment in listening to these songs. And while I understand well that it is incredibly hard to try to please both old fans and still keep the ones they gained from COE, as an originally metalcore band that started underground, I would think that A7X would hold its original fans in higher regard and priority than those mainstream fans who actually thought City of Evil was heavy metal. A7X, do you really want those people as your main base of fans? While I still appreciate what great artists each member of the band is-- and the band as a whole-- I just want some heavier songs to remind me of the good old days. Now when I want metalcore with good solos and lots of screaming that is reminiscent of Iron Maiden and the such, I turn first to Bullet for My Valentine, rather than A7X. Kudos on achieving success Avenged, that's what a real fan wants in the end, and I'm glad you've finally reached a larger audience-- I just wish we could get a piece of your old self back.",0,1,"Nov 23, 2007"
0,"Whomever said that this has great guitar work obviously doesn't listen to that much metal or is in denial because of how much this cd fails on all sides. Most of the guitars in each song tend to follow the same riff as the song before it and just continue to repeat until the chorus then do it all over again. BORING",0,1,"Nov  5, 2007"
0,"First and foremost, this score is for the reviews, particularly Blender and Spin. I don't know what ass blender has crawled up and died in, but last time I checked, metal wasn't very conservative at all. This album hardly fits that bill, except with 'Critical Acclaim'. I'm still trying to rack my brain to figure out what they mean. Both magazines that I read (Decibel and Terrorizer) are definitely more left-leaning, as are most real metal bands I know of. And what the hell is a 'slash trasher', Spin? Secondly, the score is for metacritic, who keeps presenting reviews for bands 99% of the world hasn't heard of, then to make up for their lack of metal, presents shit like Avenged Sevenfold as a barometer for the state of metal. Yes, I know they have good guitarists, but half of the male population in America can play guitar so that doesn't make you a good band by any stretch of the imagination. If I see another mallcore moron wearing another ridiculous skull bat, I think I'll go insane. Avenged Sevenfold was a terrible metalcore band that decided to change their style to faux-metal, a la 'Guns n' Roses', and is now cashing in on the results. Way to go, you are the kings of Hot Topic.",0,1,"Oct 31, 2007"
1,"The most unoriginal band who thinks they're all metal because they had one hit. So they think they can produce their own album? Haha yeah right. A7X's self titled album is basically the Jonas Brothers plus the make-up.",0,2,"Jun 26, 2008"
0,"Sorry, i just don't understand how anyone can like this crap.....waste of money.",0,2,"Dec  6, 2007"
3,"A7X said before this album's release that they were not interested in creating a followup to either City of Evil or Waking the Fallen. They intended to delve into new territory. Somewhere along the line, they lost their way, fell back into the City of Evil mold and just threw a few pop, country, and various other influences scatter shot, into the album without any real purpose. The skillful instrumentation is wasted on rehashes and it all plays out long enough to reveal that nothing was worth repeating in the first place. Those annoyed by Shadows' whining vocals from the previous album will be absolutely horrified with what they find here.",0,2,"Oct 31, 2007"
0,"Avenged Sevenfold may be one of the worst bands that I have heard in the past decade. Don't buy this or anything else from them.",0,7,"Oct 31, 2007"
0,"My younger brother put this record on for me recently. Completely ball-less rock for kids who haven't heard Iron Maiden yet. Avoid this disc at all costs.",0,3,"Nov 12, 2007"
0,"Holy awful albums, Batman! I've always hated Avenged Sevenfold, but this is an amazingly bad step down. Its so corny and terrible, Critical Acclaim is one of the worst songs I've heard since I listened to the last ICP album. It seems to be a trend for bad bands to get even worse in 2007 (here's to you Atreyu).",0,3,"Nov 16, 2007"
0,"I tried to chew my own ears off. Pure Garbage.",0,3,"Nov 17, 2007"
5,"Like most A7X albums, it starts out strong then loses my attention five tracks in. This is definitely not an album I can put in and listen to all the way through without yawning. That said, there are some very catch tracks (Scream, Almost Easy) that'll be stuck in your head all day. Not strong throughout  though.",0,2,"Sep 19, 2010"
8,"Its GOOD...But kinda sound's like something Guns n Roses would of done.",0,0,"Feb 21, 2008"
10,"Absolutely amazing. I love Avenged Sevenfold and even though this is a different sound for them, i love it. A little Peace of Heaven and Scream are the best songs on here. I admire M. Shadows' writing style and I'd LOVE to meet him one day.",0,0,"May  7, 2008"
8,"This is a good album with many good songs and a few great ones. I like how they change their style with every album, it makes it less boring and predictable. I agree with Adrien with it not being nearly on the same level as City of Evil but it is still good. Their new album is coming out in August which will have music that supposedly is not like this album, and knowing them, it should be a great album.",0,0,"Jul  2, 2008"
10,"The people who wrote that a7x is as good as the beatles white album ,well i say wrong a7x is better than that i mean who would live in a yellow submarine.",0,0,"Aug 21, 2008"
9,"This was a great album filled with intense solos and insane drumming. It gets a 9 because I thought it could have been a bit heavier.",0,0,"Aug 30, 2008"
6,"Admirable effort, but it trys to do far too much outside of City of Evil. As a result, it's hit-and-miss at best and retains very little from their previous album. City of Evil is much better, but buy these two albums together if you're getting into Avenged Sevenfold.",0,0,"Aug  3, 2009"
7,"This album contains some great tracks like critical acclaim, the second half of the album needs time from you to appreciate. Don't compare it to COE this album was just PERFECT",0,0,"Nov 13, 2007"
9,"Its a good CD, however, this CD will divide fans. Some fans will LOVE it (like i do), but many Will hate it. I feel its they're best album yet, its really good. but again, not everyone will love it, many will probably hate it.",0,0,"Nov  1, 2007"
9,"Incredibly impressive, this album shows that a7x is actually creative unlike most bands, if you always play the same way you die out. For those that only liked their old stuff go listen to it instead of this, problem solved",0,0,"Nov 20, 2007"
8,"Unique for A7X but still really City Of Evil and Waking The Fallen are better but this CD is still really good.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2007"
8,"Some people would say that this would appeal to Waking the Fallen fans, but not fans of City of Evil. I don't agree with them. This sounds nothing like their metalcore past. This was a great album though. The lead single 'Almost Easy' was my favorite. I must comment on the reviewer that wondered what a slash trasher was, I'm pretty sure they were talking about the musician Slash,",0,0,"Nov  3, 2007"
8,"I don't understand why all of you people giving this cd 0's have to be such big haters. I would expect you kind of people to give this cd a 0 because you don't understand that bands like A7X try to revolutionize their sound. They are growing in their music just as metallica did from the 80's to the 90's. Also im sure most of you aren't musically enclinded enough to look past vocals or actually appreciate great musical talent that there is from band member to band member. A7X are an amazing group of musicians.....just because they didn't stay the same from City of Evil or even Waking the Fallen doesn't mean they lost musical talent. So stop hating and just understand that they are growing in their music. If you don't like it deal with it. If you like their old stuff better just listen to that. No one is making you listen to new music. Its your choice if you choose not to broaden your musical spectrum.",0,0,"Nov  4, 2007"
7,"Avenged have clearly tried to experiment with their new album and at times it has worked to great affect. (Scream, Critical Acclaim) But at times they have tried things that simply don't work (A little piece of Heaven). The beauty of City of Evil was the energy that could be felt from each song, the thing that kept you listening again and again. The first half of the new album retains this but with songs towards the end you'll find yourself moving on long before the song ends.",0,0,"Nov  9, 2007"
10,"They Are The Best band Ever!!!!!!",0,0,"Dec  6, 2007"
9,"Everyone is saying they are being very unoriginal, but I disagree. I have yet to see a band that made music or albums similar to this. It's like a new age heavy metal meeting punk rock. The solos are wicked, the vocals are better than what any of you dickwads could ever try, and the drums are very intense. They pulled it off, so get over it. I'd like to see any of you who are being total idiots about it try and attempt this.",0,0,"Dec 30, 2008"
8,"I think these guys are amazing. This album? Not so much... its ok though. Some good songs. And omg..Joanthan S - What a little whiner! CITY OF EVIL is an AWESOME ALBUM. They got more fans from that album.. so what?",0,0,"Jan 24, 2008"
7,"It is admitabely their worst album, but I still get a kick out of listening to it. It has some shit on it but a few songs on it are just amazing. Little piece of heaven, afterlife, almost easy. It's be worth a listen to but I wouldnt buy it, just borrow it from a friend or something.",0,0,"Mar 20, 2008"
10,"I read a preview of the album from A7X's own M. Shadows and he mentioned that he feels the self-titled album will have the same effect on his band as Metallica's self-titled had for them. And after giving the album a good listen for the 6 months it's been out, I second that statement 110%. I cannot get enough of this album. I listen to it everyday, and it is my favorite Avenged Sevenfold album.",0,0,"Apr 20, 2008"
10,"This album is fantastic. Sure it may not be all screamo like they were with Sounding the Seventh Trumpet, but it shows that sometimes you need to grow up. I still like to listen to bands like Mychildren Mybride but after a while the constant yelling is a headache. Oh yeah Brian Gilmour, get your facts straight. Matt is not singing about hating war, but trying to see it from the perspective of the people who fight for your ignorance. Being in the military myself, I appreciate people like Matt who give a damn about us, unlike bands like Green Day and Sum 41 or SOAD who are communists. If they don't like our country, leave! Nobody is stopping them. Quit biting the hand that feeds and leave you hippies. A7X rules!",0,0,"Jun 11, 2008"
9,"It may not be on the same level as City of Evil, but Avenged Sevenfold has done something very few bands do, and that's to actually experiment with their music. Some of it doesn't hit the mark as much as they would want to, but overall, this is an album that grows on you. I admit at first, it was an O.K. album, barely comparable to their previous effort. Then slowly but surely the songs got more and more into my head, until I found myself likely almost all of them. It may be different, but Avenged Sevenfold still delivers the rockin' sound and innovation that music is craving these days.",0,0,"Jun  3, 2008"
9,"Not as cool as COE, but still a great album, The first half is fantastic, the second half initially disoriented me, but in the end i was enthusiastic because of the geniality behind some of the song (like a little piece of heaven).",0,0,"Nov 11, 2007"
9,"This is dramatically different from other A7X albums but still has their unique signature style - full of riffs, verses, and melodies. Their artistic musicianship shines.",0,0,"Nov 12, 2007"
10,"This, granted is not as good as City of Evil, was still very good. Every song on that cd is amazing. Saying that they don't sound like the other metal bands don't realize that A7X is in a league of their own. It is obviously better than any rap cd",0,0,"Nov 14, 2007"
9,"This is an excellent album from an excellent band. The cd still has song similar to their last albums and also has new song with more of a ballad type feel (think Seize the Day). Don't listen to the people giving this a zero sying it's 'ball-less' or 'pure garbage' listen to the tracks online or somewhere else and make your own decision.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2007"
8,"This cd took a few listens to grow on me. It has great guitar work, and shadows singing has drastically improved. Overall it is a good album from a great band and i can't wait to see what their next album will sound like. download: almost easy- scream- gunslinger-a little piece of heaven.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2007"
8,"This album takes dynamic elements that are new to the band and expands on old, familiar elements in a way that is new and refreshing. Really these guys owe a lot of thanks to the sound engineer; it is a technological masterpiece! The guitar FX and modeling is done masterfully, and the vocal are tight. The entire band seems to have put much more depth and thought into this album than previous installments. A7X does a wonderful job of creating a captivating piece of work that is at times thought provoking and at times a real toe-tapper. A7X's self-titled album gets an eight out of ten.",0,0,"Dec 10, 2007"
9,"No 'City Of Evil', but still pretty damn awesome. Everyone who dislikes this album for it's uniqueness is purely stupid. Sevenfold themselves said that they try to make each album different and not sound like the last, and I think they achieved that. Well done, boys.",0,0,"Dec  6, 2007"
10,"pretty good, they're a great band people need to stop comparing them to metal they are no longer metalcore leave it be if you don't like their music, don't bash them just say you don't like their music.",0,0,"Dec  9, 2007"
7,"Not great but good. Lots of fun guitar work, but the silliness is sometimes a bit too much.",0,0,"Oct 31, 2007"
7,"I have only listened to this CD once so this review is not reflective of how I am going to end up feeling about this album as Avenged Sevenfold needs to sink after repeated listens to truly appreciate their intricate music, but so far I feel a little let down. Not that it's bad by any means but Waking the Fallen and City of Evil set my standards so high that unfortunately (upon first listen anyway) the album doesn't seem to carve out a niche for itself like the last albums, in fact it almost feels generic, which to me is everything Avenged usually is not. More listens will change my opinion I'm sure, but as of one spin I am beginning to think Avenged plateaued last album and have stopped innovating as much as they used to.",0,0,"Oct 31, 2007"
6,"not their best. too much metal dere trying tooo hard more like country 2",0,0,"Oct 31, 2007"
9,"I give this album 2 thumbs up! I can't believe how many people hate this cd. Just because this cd isn't as 'metal' as the last album, doesn't mean that it's not as good.",0,0,"Dec 26, 2008"
10,"This album shows how avenged sevenfold is a great band that is evolving and becoming better. with this album they have evolved their music and become better musicians.",0,0,"May 12, 2008"
10,"Ok, This Goes Out To (Sputnikmusic), Learn The Song Name Before You Think You Know What Your Talking About, It's Beast And The Harlot, Duuhh, Secondly, City Of Evil, Was One Of There Best Selling CD's, So You Can Minus Your Two Sence And Just Stop Talking, Because You Know Nothing Of Avenged Sevenfold, (The Prove Is IOn The Pudding) And Popmatters, Who Cares If It Was Released One Day Before Halloween, We Have Movies That Come Out One Day Before Christmas, It Really Doesn't Matter And Then You Saying Saying It's Unoriginal, How Is It Unorginal, The Band Created All The Songs Themselves Now Magazine, Get You Fucking Head Out Of Your Ass, THEN ARE NOT METALLICA -LITE OR SILLY, The Are AVENGED SEVENFOLD, Bitch They Are The Greatest Band In The World, So Fuck All You Critics And People Thinking Then Know What There Talking About ~Shadows~.",0,0,"Jul 25, 2008"
10,"I think this is a fantastic album. They for me are gods and this last album are perfect and I hope they continue like that.",0,0,"Aug 16, 2008"
9,"Even though the album was way different than the previous ones it still has good songs that make you want to hear over and over again. I personally think that A7X gets better with every album they put out.",0,0,"Apr 25, 2009"
10,"Great music.",0,0,"Nov 11, 2007"
8,"wish I could say I hate this band, but unfortunately I can't. I love the album right now, but unfortunately, i know I'll get bored of it pretty soon. it's got those hooks that are memorable but lose their awesomeness pretty fast. i just find iron maiden kind of boring. they've got some good stuff, but it's too classic rock. not the same genre of metal.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2007"
7,"Great album! I prefer City of evil tough. Only gave it a 7 because i believe there are greater albuns and bands to fill the higher values. Although not that heavy, it`s a fantastic album!!",0,0,"Dec 23, 2008"
7,"While not a terrible album it certainly could have been a lot stronger.  But these fanboys getting butt-hurt over the critics are just simply deluded.",0,0,"Aug 19, 2010"
9,"Definitely a different feel then there last album, Avenged has fully turned over the leaf they started with waking the fallen.  With every album following Sounding the Seventh trumpet, Shadows has incorporated more and more melodic singing.  Where Waking the Fallen was 50/50 and City of Evil was 75/25 this album has just about completely done away with the heavy screaming of songs past. Not that that's a bad thing its just a different sound to hardcore fans.  Many have trashed them for it but I see it as a brilliant career choice.  Death Metal is a dying genre.  You can call it selling out if you want but I actually think this gives them much more potential creativity and fan base.  You cant fault them for enjoying playing in front of 10,000 fans compared to 200.  Bands evolve over times and this album is proof A7X has as well.  And the crazy solos and rediculous drumming is still there.  Listen to the Afterlife solo and tell me thats not epic.  Hate if you want but by incorporating a more catchy style to their still insanely talented skill probably added at least 3-4 chart topping albums to their future.",0,0,"Nov 27, 2010"
8,"It's not like the metal albums that came before. It's definitely still Avenged Sevenfold, but this time they experiment with their sound by including elements of  orchestras, country music, and... Autotune? Eh, they make it work.
The singles on this album are some of the band's best. 'Almost Easy' and 'Critical Acclaim' are the heaviest songs on the album and the ones that stick closest to the band's metal sound from the previous albums. Although the former is definitely a hard-rock song. 'Afterlife' manages to stick with you thanks to it's haunting orchestral music and pretty-deep meaning. 'Scream' is solid but didn't really do much for me. It will appeal to those who like their music with a creepy tinge though. 'Dear God' is one of their slow songs. I've never really been a fan of their slower songs, but it's far from their worst.
It along with 'Gunslinger' experiment with the country music in their instrumentals. I am not a country music fan in any way, but I have to say the songs aren't bad. They thankfully don't go fully into the genre so they still manage to stay at the very least listenable.
For the songs that aren't singles the lyrics can get a bit banal. The themes they carry are presented in a slightly juvenile ways. They still sound great, but they aren't going to be mistaken for high-art.
The exception to this is the song 'A Little Piece of Heaven.' It's another track that uses the orchestral sound and it tells a twisted story that is delightfully dark-humored. It's filled with wild imagination and creativity. It's hilarious in all the right ways. The track is a masterpiece and my personal favorite Avenged Sevenfold song.
The experimentation here mostly pays off. Outside of a few issues and inconsistencies Avenged Sevenfold crafted a great hard-rock album. Some of the band's most memorable songs are here, although they are among a few forgettable ones. It might not be the sound that caused people to fall in live with the band before, but it can still satisfy fans. The album has brought new fans to them and can continue to do so.
My total score for this self-titled album is an 8.7/10.",0,0,"Mar 13, 2015"
9,"While not as good as the excellent City of Evil it's a great album in it's own right. the best songs on show here are 'A Little Piece Of Heaven' 'Scream' & 'Afterlife' Not that the albums inconsistent. Definitely worth a listen",0,0,"Feb 19, 2011"
9,"The best band ever!There music must be heard by eveyone.A7X never dissapoints when they release there music.If you like rock or metal youll love A7X.Their guitar solos are really amazing.",0,0,"Apr 13, 2011"
6,"It's hard to hate Avenged Sevenfold but also hard to love it as well.  The album deffinatly has its highlights and merits, including quality tunes such as Almost Easy, Afterlife and even the guilty pleasure A Little Piece of Heaven.  But unfortunatly some tunes also feature some stagnant mediocrity with very little innovation.  And anybody that isn't blinded by fanboyism can see that this is just another run-of-the-mill and mainstream rock album.  Enjoyable no the less.",0,0,"Jun 21, 2011"
8,"This Self Titled album is an explosion of everything Avenged Sevenfold with Awesome Tracks Like Gunslinger Critical Acclaim Scream and Afterlife this is an album that Is worth Checking out for fans of the Hard Rock/Heavy Metal music. Amd in a Comment Unrelated to the music this album is somewhat overshadowed by The Newer Avenged Songs its Underrated but its defintalty worth listing to",0,0,"Sep  3, 2011"
10,"I honestly do not understand how anyone can rate this under 10! If you didn't enjoy this you have no soul!A little piece of heaven is definitely the best song of the century!",0,0,"Jan  8, 2012"
10,"These guys are, and always will be, very good. This album definitely did have a different style, but it was still very good. I can't see why you wouldn't like it. Avenged Sevenfold rocks.",0,0,"Jun 21, 2012"
8,"Yes, this album may suffer from some themes of corny unoriginality, such as religious and hellish overtones, but it is a rather good listen, with many emotional songs that are good to listen to, especially if you are going through some awful times. I also like the fact that Avenged Sevenfold are actually brave enough to experiment with so many of their songs. This one has many gems, 'Critical Acclaim' is a good song about the many different faults of America in politics, 'Almost Easy' is a good song for grieving over loved ones, or over anything in general. 'Scream' isn't particularly  that good of song, but it does have a nice guitar solo in it; 'Afterlife' and 'Gunslinger' are two very emotional songs that are my album favorites on this album. 'Unbound (The Wild Ride)' is a nice ballad that involves shrieking piano rifts mixed in with guitar solos. 'Brompton Cocktail' and 'Lost' are not really my most appreciated, but are okay listens. 'A Little Piece Of Heaven' has a very absolutely stupid and pointless meaning, but you can appreciate it for M. Shadows' nice vocal work, and the Broadway instruments nicely mixed within, but it is a rather ugly and perverted listen. Finally, 'Dear God' is a country style ballad that is actually a nice emotional song, because it is not a country song, it only has country elements in it. Overall, this album is a good one, because of Avenged Sevenfold's will to experiment. They do however stray from their own genre a little bit too much, which is the album's main flaw.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2012"
9,"I don't understand the hate from the critics, this album is amazing. Yes it's a different sound from City of Evil, but it's a cleaner sound (City of Evil is a mess, I'm sorry but it's true. Just listen to Beast and the Harlot closely). Melodically, it's great and Synyster Gates/Zacky Vengeance's dueling guitars sound great. M. Shadows' vocals are better than ever and The Rev's passion-filled voice adds a new dimension to a7x's sound. Highlights of the album are anything the Rev sings on and the underrated song 'Lost'.",0,0,"Apr 21, 2012"
10,"This may not be a good review if you're looking to see the ups and downs about this band, because I only have GREAT things to say about this band! I love this band so much, great lyrics, awesome instrumental and lovable guys! I love their older stuff, like the Sounding the Seventh Trumpet and Waking the Fallen album! I love Avenged Sevenfold!",0,0,"Jun 12, 2012"
8,"Not the best A7X album, but still good. A bit less powerful then the previous albums though.
Let's analize every track.
Critical Acclaim",0,0,"Dec 25, 2012"
8,"The production isn't the best for a metal band, or even A7x, but the greatness of the songs make up for that, I guess. And the lyrics definitely aren't the best or most original, either, but it's still enjoyable nonetheless.
Track Reviews:
1. 'Critical Acclaim'-Overall, a great track, but the whispering in the beginning of each verse still kind of bothers me.
2. 'Almost Easy'-sick instrumentation, but not the greatest lyrically-but A7x never were lyrical masters, now were they
3. 'Scream'-probably the worst one so far, sounds a lot like Stone Temple Pilots, and a bit like **** 2000s radio-rock. But it's not all bad, just not a first choice favorite for me. The guitars save the song.
4. 'Afterlife'-kind of generic, but that's not to say it's bad. It's a good song, in fact the second half of the song may have just made it my favorite song on this album.
5. 'Gunslinger'-Not a bad song, but I feel like they did the same thing Metallica did on 1996's 'Load'-they experimented with a country-esque sound mixed with hard rock...And neither of them did very well at it. Just as bad as 'Scream', not terrible, but definitely not a classic song by any means. And again, the guitar solo saves the song.
6. 'Unbound (The Wild Ride)'-one of the better songs on the record. Truly epic.
7. 'Brompton Cocktail'-another really good song. not great, but still really good.
8. 'Lost'-the best one so far. wait, never mind...the auto tune....that was...eh...the song's still good, but why, the auto tune
9. 'A Little Piece of Heaven'-I am so confused! This is just so damn weird, it sounds like a mixture of 2000s emo and broadway. I'm not sure whether to love it or hate it. I literally can't rate this song at all, it's so weird. it's like broadway goes **** metal. But, I've decided...and I think I love it.
10. 'Dear God'-possibly the worst song this band has ever made. It's not god-awful, but it's not very good either. The solo towards the end saves it. This song is an example of when experimenting doesn't work. The last song before this, it worked, but no. not this time. No.
If I were to count the ratings of the songs and find the percentage, it'd be about 8 and a half, but because the lyrics aren't so great, and certain elements are also relatively bland, I have to bring it down to an 8, not up to a nine.",0,0,"Apr  6, 2015"
9,"Did they even get fans of rock/metal, specifically A7X to review this album? You have to wonder given this is arguably one of the most famous modern rock band's best albums and it's reviewed as 'meh.' Personally, I love this album. Not every song is fantastic, but all are at least pretty good, with some hihgly aggressive songs and other soft rock songs. I'm not a 'fanboy' or anything; I just really like this album. Iit has meaningful lyrics and awesome melodies, like in Gunslinger, for example as well as some just plain catchy songs, like A Little Piece of Heaven. Well, if you like this style of music, you like it, and if you don't, you don't (meaning I'm not going to convince you to change your taste in music).",0,0,"May 25, 2015"
9,"This is a prime example of a great metal album. Great solos, great drumming, great guitars, and great vocals. There are many high points in this album but for me, my favorite songs were A Little Piece of Heaven and Almost Easy. However, it does have a low point, which is Gunslinger for me. But other than that, the album is great.",0,0,"Dec 15, 2015"
0,"This is an awful album. It is time that Seether retired and called it a day.",2,2,"Nov 13, 2007"
0,"There is no beauty to be found here.",1,1,"Nov 17, 2007"
10,"This album is AWESOME. I bought it the day it came out and haven't stopped listening to it yet!",1,1,"Jan 15, 2008"
0,"If General McClellan was a music album, this would be it.",1,1,"Jan 10, 2009"
10,"This album is the best album of 2007. Every song has a bit of a different feel to it and every one of the songs are excellent. Need proof? How many albums that came out over a year ago, (that are any good), are still having songs chart very well. This album has also been recently certified as their best selling album. This album is great at first, but requires you to listen to it several times to really get it. This album could not get enough praise for it's greatness, and sadly will never get the sells it deserves (even though it has sold well compared to their other CD's). If you like Seether or even just a single song from them you must pick this up.",1,1,"Nov 21, 2008"
9,"These negative reviews are ridiculous. This is Seether's best overall album. It's FULL of GREAT tracks. These people need to stop disliking music because they think it's played out or they think that it's not underground enough or it's too commercial. You posers have tone deaf ears and you can't HEAR right. A bunch of delusional wanna-bes, I swear. Here's my thoughts on each song: 6 Gun Quota - 9 / Breakdown - 10 / Don't Believe - 6 / Eyes of the Devil - 9 / Fake It - 8 / Fallen - 7 / FMLYHM - 8 / Like Suicice - 10 / No Jesus Christ - 7 / Rise Above This - 9 / Walk Away From The Sun - 10 / Waste - 7",1,1,"Aug  2, 2011"
9,"I'm surprised with such a low score of this album. Ignore the negative reviews, and check out 'FMLYHM', 'Don't Believe', 'Like Suicide' or 'Six Gun Quota'. If you'll enjoy them, you'll love the whole album.",1,1,"Oct 27, 2011"
4,"This album is very disappointing, commercialized and over-produced. I expected more from this band.",3,4,"Feb 19, 2008"
1,"I'm bored and disappointed in them. Nothing but a stupid attempt at catchy, poppy tunes from a band who I used to love for their emotional connection with any audience who would listen. Turns out you can't be a happy musician...",2,3,"Jan  2, 2008"
9,"Seether has managed to keep their old style sounding as original as ever. if you enjoyed the old albums, you will not be disappointed with this one.",1,2,"Nov 30, 2007"
0,"Pile of rubbish. There's nothing that sets this album apart from other 'pop-rock' albums, because that's all it is. The musicianship is poor and the lyrics are uninspired.Yet people will all think it means something, yeah it does, it means more money into the pockets of this rubbish band.",1,2,"Jan  6, 2009"
7,"Good album, but no way near there best. try there 1st 2 albums disclaimer and karma and effect, there both BRILLIANT!!!",0,1,"Jan 19, 2010"
0,"Brandon M: you have terrible grammar. ever heard of a period? this just proves that only idiots like seether. also, the same people that work tirelessly to make crap like hannah montana listenable do the same thing to make seether sound decent. they are the worst band of all time, and you should tie your bondage pants to the back of a car if you like them.",0,1,"Jan  8, 2008"
10,"Almost as good as their first (2004). Best band since Alice In Chains. Morgan is best rock vocalist since Cobain. Even Canada's Matthew Good can't sustain this passion.",0,1,"Mar 28, 2010"
8,"May not be their best album but this band has sooo much potential to do great things as long as they stop giving in to their labels demands. I love how all shaun's lyrics actually mean something and reportedly he created 60 songs that didn't make it to the album and he's making a new album set to be released in 2010 all of unreleased songs!! (I hope let me go, blister, and innocence makes it).",0,1,"Jan 23, 2009"
0,"This is a response to that 'Hannah Montana' comment. Are you insinuating that only prepubescent pop girls wouldn't like this? Because FYI, the same overpaid intern-fucking executives that tell Hannah Montana what to do do the same thing to Seether while they turn the knobs to make this half-assed attempt at noise sound even remotely listenable. It's all produced by the same people, on the same immense editing equipment. You don't know anything and this is the worst album of the year. Go tie your bondage pants to the back of a car.",0,1,"Dec 28, 2007"
0,"I find this to be a brutal, inflamatory, presumptuous album, with enough innuendo and venom to eat through solid steel.  Threatening, venomous, and vicious lyrics leave little to the imagination.  It feels less like a rebellious rock album, and is more akin to a musical callout.   The poor person, or type of person, in seethers crosshairs should seriously consider moving to a safe house.  I am tempted to wonder about the mental health and stability of these band member/s, and would suggest perhaps getting them some type of mental health checkup.  This is music with a purpose, and the message seems to be directed at someone in particular.  Steer clear of this album if you care about maintaining any type of a peaceful lifestyle.  Nothing but raw anger cranked up to crystal meth level of intensity.  Just ouch!!",0,3,"Oct  4, 2013"
7,"Be fair Brandon - Brad and H are entitled to their opinion - even if others of us disagree. In general, this is a pretty good album, with solid guitar work, and some decent lyrics. If that's what you're looking for, you could do a lot worse than this!",0,0,"Jan 29, 2008"
9,"Excellent album,Fake it is a very good song..rolling stone are no good at reviewing albums,making lists of best songs ever etc...",0,0,"Apr 20, 2008"
10,"AWESOME! this album is maybe their best yet. they are heavy but do ellow out in a few songs. i really think(as always) that their lyrics are so much more mature than 90 percent of bands out there. my personal favorite song on the album is fallen.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2008"
10,"Whole album's a hit maker. I didn't realize a 'LIVE RECORDE' voice meant filtered. Go back to listening to Akon and 50 cent, and calling that 'real vocal work'. A soulful album with a deeper meaning as well as some satire to modern society. Hey Brad P., and H. - I heard that Hannah Montana was touring. Maybe you should both pillow fight over tickets and give rave reviews about a 14 year old. Stop reviewing if you don't have a clue what you're talking about.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2008"
10,"I would have NEVER called myself a Seether fan before this album, but I would have to pick this album as my pick for best album of 2007.",0,0,"Sep  8, 2008"
9,"awesome album",0,0,"Nov 18, 2007"
6,"the album has its high points and low points, listen to 'Fake It' 'FMLYHM', 'Like Suicide', and 'Waste'. and skip '6 Gun Quota', 'Eyes of a Devil', 'Walk Away From The Sun' and 'Rise Against This'. half the album is the best Seether has ever done, half is some of there worst shit ever.",0,0,"Feb  1, 2008"
10,"in this album seether display just how good they can be. this is thier best album yet and has HUGE replay value it has every thing from the softer seether to the head-banging mania that is the bands unique style and take on the music genre it really makes me want to see seethers next golden hit!",0,0,"May 20, 2008"
10,"How is this ranked so low it's had 3 singles go to number one. All the songs are good and it was one of the top selling albums of 2007.",0,0,"Apr 21, 2009"
10,"Once again, I have to listen to a bunch of ignorant people bashing an album. And once again, people bashing the cd w/o offering an artist they think is worth listening to, because their fragile and callow selves cannot take the barrage of criticism they so readily are able to dispense and the drop of a dime! To the people praising this album, don't try to convince listeners that it is a good album based on the radio played it.....these people hate anything played on the radio! If it were up to them, they would hope the artist starves to death and makes cd's for them and a couple hundred other people so they can feel 'original'. So I salute all you that gave it a '0'.....damn the MAN, down with Corporate America, and go get another tat to make yourself feel more original (nevermind the fact that 1 out of 2 people your age has a tattoo, so you're not that original)!",0,0,"Sep  1, 2009"
10,"AWESOME I love this album Seether is not retired and is the greatest unless you are like Brad P. and H. and like hanna montanna thank you and good night.",0,0,"Nov 17, 2007"
10,"awesome album",0,0,"Nov 17, 2007"
9,"Contrary to what others are saying this is far from an awful album. After hearing 'Fake it' I was expecting more of the album to sound like it but it definately grew on me quickly. Everyone's entitled to their own opinion though. Those others probably rate 50Cent and Kylie as the best artists ever!",0,0,"Nov 22, 2007"
10,"Took some time to grow on me, but love it! The best one yet!",0,0,"Nov 22, 2007"
10,"Some reviewers out there are giving very negative reviews of this album. However I find that I just cannot agree with them. I really love this album and the more I listen to it the more it grows on me.",0,0,"Nov 22, 2007"
8,"Some slower songs bog down the adrenaline fix found throughout this and their other albums.",0,0,"Nov 27, 2007"
9,"This album rocks. Rolling Stone almost always gets it wrong so them giving it a poor mark doesn't suprise me. One of the better rock albums of the year. It's that good.",0,0,"Jan 11, 2008"
10,"Great album. Musically a better demonstration of Shaun's voice. Nice versitility between songs. I think this is one of their overall best efforts to date.",0,0,"Jan 12, 2008"
9,"I really like this album. I recently saw seether in concert and they played songs from this album. Like suicide, Fake it, and FMLYHM are just a few songs that make this CD awesome.",0,0,"Apr 22, 2008"
9,"Seether has a way of grabbing your attention and keeping in for all the rocking tunes such as Fake It and the more thoughtful, meaningful and and encouraging songs such as Rise Above This. Good Album.",0,0,"Sep 29, 2008"
10,"Great album that has a wide range of songs filling that you can not only sing along with but also understand why they were written!",0,0,"Dec 11, 2009"
7,"Not their best, but still a good album.",0,0,"Nov 26, 2007"
10,"I agree with TheChaser1985! My thoughts are: six gun quota - 7 / breakdown - 10 / don't believe - 8 / eyes of the devil - 9 / fake it - 8 / fallen - 7 / fmlyhm - 8 / like a suicide - 10 / no jesus christ - 7 / rise above this - 9 / walk away from the sun - 8 / waste 8 .... I believe its their best album and my favorite album too.  ZCritic you obviously don't know anything about music and voting. You can't judge an album by this psychological crap you wrote. I find ''Finding beauty in negative spaces'' one of the most heart-wrenching albums ever made! Its full of passion,depression,anger and real feelings. Not all songs are happy and talk about having sex and drugs. You voted ''0'' cause you believe they need some type of mental health checkup. Way too wrong to let people like you vote. Buys this album! you won't regret it.",0,0,"Apr 15, 2014"
6,"If I were to compare most of the songs on Finding Beauty In Negative Spaces to tracks off of either Disclaimer II; Karma and Effect; or their latest album Isolate and Medicate, then Finding Beauty in Negative Spaces would not work out too well for FBINS. However, despite it being one of my least favorite Seether albums, it had some very good songs. For example, Fake It was very catchy; the message of Rise Above This was great; and FMLYHM was weird but surprisingly one of my favorite tracks off this record.
So as a final verdict:
Get Fake It, Breakdown, FMLYHM, Fallen, Rise Above This, Don't Believe, and Waste.
If you have spare money get Like Suicide and No Jesus Christ
Stay away from Six Gun Quota, Walk Away From The Sun, Eyes of the Devil, and  Careless Whisper (despite the good video)",0,0,"Feb 26, 2016"
9,"This album is amazing. One of the best works of the band . Shaun Dale and John were able to show the fans all their musical ability . This amazing work.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2016"
8,"Like every album so far, this one's different from it's predecessors. The Cult's new album 'Born Into This' often uses the 'less is more' philosophy in a good way. The same philosophy requires a couple of listening for a more serious scraping beneath the surface, where all the colors are (it's only a sign of maturity). After that, 'Born Into This' can be classified as their classic album which has a certificate for the test of time. Astbury and Duffy were looking for someone (a producer) who can successfully blend the essence of their music with what they've got in 2007. Martin 'Youth' Glover managed to capture their energy and delivered a modern, direct and clear sound. Last album was being recorded for a year and a half. This one in only 36 days - it gave a perceivable freshness to the new material. The band kicked out all they had, recorded it while it's fresh and did a great job. The rhythm here is at the same time powerful and dynamic, a combination of bombastic feeling of 'Sonic Temple' and the post-punk creativity of their early days (just listen to the track 'Diamonds').",0,0,"Oct 10, 2007"
10,"Ignore em all - it`s raw and it rocks and it`ll grab you by the short and curlies and won`t let you go until the last riff of the last song ...buy it.",0,0,"Oct 11, 2007"
9,"Kick ass return. Ian at times needs to just realize that he's not going to change the world. Chill out and let it fly. Other than that, this CD is a fantastic return. But then again, I loved Beyond Good and Evil as well. Billy absolutely kills throughout. 1 horseshit song and a few 'so, so' songs. but the rest more than make up for those. When's the last time a CD gave you this many songs that knock your ass back? Bravo boys. Bravo!",0,0,"Oct 24, 2007"
9,"This was a complete surprise. I didn't think much of the last few Cult albums at all. This one on the other hand is a joy to listen to. It Rocks!!! They are back on form.",0,0,"Jan 23, 2008"
9,"Great record, with great work of bass, drums and vocals. I only don't give it a 10 because Billy Duffy (usually a genius) seems very lazy.",0,0,"Jan  4, 2008"
9,"Fantastic music. More melodic than the riff crunching heavy metal of Beyond Good and Evil, the album is dynamic and rocks solid.",0,0,"Feb  1, 2008"
9,"A great effort by The Cult. This album is a blend of everything they have done well over the last 20 plus years. Some songs take you all the way back to 'Dreamtime' while others move through 'Electric' and into the modern sound. A raw rock and roll album full of great songs. The bonus CD is Killer by the way!!! Watch out for the mellow song. Its the only thing keeping this album from a 10.",0,0,"Nov 10, 2007"
6,"On the whole, the Cult--in particular Ian A--has produced some of the worst, nonsensical lyrics in all of rock. I will often turn down the music in the car so that my wife won't hear how bad some of the Cults lyrics are. Nevertheless, the Cult sound and its occasionally interesting choruses have made them one of my favorites. I was truly hoping that the new album would redeem them after their collapse following Sonic Temple. Born Into This had so much potential but it never quite got off the ground; however, after listening the cd a couple of times, it starting to grow on me a little. The problem is that their music just does not have the 'feel' that made their music distinctive. Also, the recording just sounds grubby and the riffs are hard to discern. Ian A's voice sounds good but is hard to pin down a melody. Oddly the bonus CD is much better than the actual CD--the remix and demo recordings on the bonus are much better than the main album.",0,0,"Oct 10, 2007"
9,"Bravo!!!",0,0,"Oct 15, 2007"
9,"Very good! Tiger In The Sun, I Assassin and Stand Alone are great!",0,0,"Nov  7, 2007"
8,"A new Cult album is a GOOD thing. Well it may not always be 'great' but it is unwaveringly authentic, and actually this time the music stands proud. Hints of early post-punk and psychedelia. Aggressive punky beats and bass lines are refreshing. A few too many choruses seem contrived when they should have laid back a little - chord changes aren't always what one would hope. But this CD has a real sense of identity and NO band could sound like this. Good-O lads.",0,0,"Oct 19, 2007"
8,"Really disliked this album.... at first. Now it's all I listen to. Let it spin people it will click. And when it does, you will be stoked.",0,0,"Dec  8, 2007"
9,"somewhere between Electric and Sonic Temple. The Cult still rocks. Some of the tracks are outstanding, some pretty well and one or two disappointing. The production could have been more 'raw', more like the demo versions on the complementary CD.",0,0,"Oct 16, 2007"
7,"The songs are strong and fresh, Ian sounds awesome, my disappointment is in Billy's guitars, too buried and hard to define probably based on production, I hope to see Bob Rock back next time!",0,0,"Nov 27, 2007"
9,"This album is amazing. I saw the song list and noticed there were only nine songs, but then I listened to it and all nine of those songs are awesome. They're long so it makes up for the short list. By the way...the people who gave it a zero...go to hell. Just because you don't like it doesn't mean its awful...and for your information all music is technically noise. Also, I would really like to ask if the assholes that gave this album a zero, have ever put an album out. Guess what, its not the easiest thing in the world to do. You can't please everybody so SHUT UP!",1,1,"Oct  1, 2007"
10,"Yes, i consider *Venus Doom* is an amazing thing, witch includes awesome guitars, kristall keyboards, and deep voice by Ville. In the whole, album looks like a very tragic and melancholy book, and i'm ready to read it again and again.",1,1,"Oct  1, 2007"
10,"I honestly think this album is really fucking great, i wont discard any of the songs, because each one of them is just charming, i can see the guys really put their souls in it. The guitars are wonderful, the voice the feeling it transmits... i really loved everything and i think that is something that's worth to listen.",1,1,"Oct 12, 2007"
5,"These guys are my 15-year-old son's favorite band, so I have to tread lightly. This album is a definite improvement on 'Dark Light,' meaning I don't want to hit the 'off' button quite as fast. I'm hearing different sounds and textures this time, which is a good thing in that it denotes change and experimentation, but those sounds seem to often get lost in the band's trying a little too hard to sound heavier. You get the feeling that they know they have to change to be more palatable to the masses, but they don't quite seem to know exactly how to go about doing it.",1,1,"Oct  5, 2007"
10,"This album is very refreshing and different from the past albums. HIM manages to reinvent their sound while drawing on influences from their past. I think this album is beautifully done!",1,1,"Nov 21, 2007"
10,"Excellent album from a great band. Heavier yet without sacrificing melody.",1,1,"Sep 22, 2007"
10,"This album gives me chills in the very best way. Ville Valo's vocal range is amazing on all the albums, but on this one he really blows me away, especially in the song Sleepwalking Past Hope. H.I.M. is innovative in their music in this album and have gone back to where they sound best.",1,1,"Sep 25, 2007"
10,"This album is Rock. Everything else out there is just lending its support to it.",1,1,"Sep 25, 2007"
10,"Venus Doom is HIM's best album to date. The guitar rifts are amazing, and Ville's voice and lyrics are simply beautiful. Venus Doom is a perfect 10!!",1,1,"Sep 23, 2007"
9,"Almost perfect! Add a touch of RR for spontenaiety & rawness & a pinch of DL for it's brilliant lyrics to VD's kickass sound and you'd end up with the PERFECT 10 H.I.M album.",1,1,"Sep 23, 2007"
9,"I've been a HIM fan for a very long time, and this album is definitely one of their best. Out of the 6 albums, this ranks as their second best. (in my opinion, anyway. :P) 6. Greatest Love Songs Vol 666 5. Dark Light 4. Deep Shadows and Brilliant Highlights 3. Love Metal 2. Venus Doom 1. Razorblade Romance Best songs: Sleepwalking Past Hope, Love in Cold Blood, Passion's Killing Floor, and The Kiss of Dawn.",1,1,"Sep 23, 2007"
10,"This is the HIM that the fan's of the band have been waiting to come back. Dark Light was a horrible record and for those of you not familiar with HIM and there music it may have left you with a bad taste it even made me question why i loved the band in the first place. Venus Doom has made that clear in my mind. Check this out along with the rest of HIM's catalog Love Metal goes great with this album and was also produced by guy. Venus Doom is the best HIM album to date in my opinion and I have been a fan for many years now.",1,1,"Sep 24, 2007"
5,"A heaping pile of mediocrity. With this album, I've pretty much officially moved on from HIM. They really would have done well to just break up after 'Love Metal' and quit releasing sub-par, phoned-in slop like this.",1,1,"Sep 25, 2007"
9,"I don't give it 10 only because I believe they can do even more amazing stuff in the future",0,1,"May  3, 2008"
10,"Best album ever! The boy's have done it again. I have not stopped listening to it since I got. You don't make it to #12 for nothing.",0,1,"Oct  1, 2007"
10,"Just perfect HIM-album!!Dark,heavy,beautiful..Best performance from HIM since Razorblade Romance.",0,1,"Sep 23, 2007"
10,"One of the best HIM album Its really rocks, thanks God, HIM back there perfect sound! ))) Sleepwalking Past Hope...is also one of the best HIM's song ever!",0,1,"Sep 28, 2007"
9,"I don't give it 10 only because I believe they can do even more amazing stuff in the future",0,1,"May  3, 2008"
10,"This stuff is amazing...one of the best albums overall in 2007!!!",0,1,"Oct  2, 2007"
10,"I love them because they are very good and Ville Valo has a very good voice.Plus he pulls off the gothic look so well!",0,1,"Oct 29, 2007"
10,"This is the best album HIM has ever put out. I can't stop listening to it!",0,1,"Sep 22, 2007"
8,"Its awesome...love it or hate it...its VD baby!",0,1,"Sep 22, 2007"
0,"This is terrible music, but what is even worse is having to see overweight teenagers the band's name all over their dirty hoodies.",0,1,"Sep 23, 2007"
0,"This is terrible noise...I'd rather hear a light bulb than this dribble. Its not hard to turn up distortion on the amplifier.",0,1,"Sep 24, 2007"
0,"David Hasselhoff is better...",0,2,"Sep 25, 2007"
0,"This music was designed to please ordinary white trash girls. not recommended.",0,1,"Sep 26, 2007"
3,"Full bullshirt.",0,2,"Oct 13, 2007"
10,"Having not heard the entire album I find it profoundingly easy to say it's a really good album. besides I'm a HIM fan in the rising.",0,1,"Dec 15, 2007"
10,"Best HIM album so far. Great songs and performances and the production is immaculate.",0,1,"Sep 23, 2007"
10,"One of the best rock albums ever!!! You just can't rate it 0.",0,1,"Sep 28, 2007"
8,"I like that it is heavier than their older stuff.",0,1,"Nov 15, 2007"
0,"the most horrible sounding album I've ever heard. The bastard has desigrated the pentagram, and he is know more intellectual than the music he plays.",0,1,"Nov 22, 2007"
10,"as a lifelong fan- just perfect!",0,1,"Nov 27, 2007"
10,"Dark light was a little too mainstream, this is him going back to its roots and doing a great job at it. I'm glad they got away from the mainstream s*** and got back to their roots. not the best album up there, but second to razorblade romance isn't that bad.",0,0,"Sep 24, 2007"
10,"The band finally goes back to their darker, heavier roots in this album, which is welcome after their last effort- Dark Light (Which, beside screamworks, is my least favorite). Dont get me wrong, Im a HUGE him fan, but sometimes they fall short. Anyway, this album finally brings back the band that I fell in love with. You can hear echoes of 'Greatest Lovesongs' in almost every track, heavy, heavy tracks, transitioning into slow melancholy ballads. Epic win. I must say though, that this album left me feeling like they were going to go darker, and heavier on their next album....sadly I was let down.",0,0,"Dec 10, 2010"
10,"Holy crap. Their best so far, in my ears. Album of the year - along with Om's Pilgrimage, I expect. Sleep still rules, by proxy.",0,0,"Oct  4, 2007"
9,"Very good! Love the atmosphere it creates, can't wait for more!",0,0,"Feb  1, 2009"
10,"Very original...very in your face. Hard core metal at its finest. The entire album, from start to finish, can turn a wimp into a fearless warrior. Matt Pike is the real fucking deal.",0,0,"Aug 31, 2009"
10,"HOF get better and more refined with time. All of their albums are mind blowing. This one, however is their masterpiece. The best riffs since classic Black Sabbath, bar none. Add elements of Celtic Frost, Motorhead(most notably on the old school thrasher 'Rumors of War'') and Slayer. Matt Pike has outdone himself as the stoner metal god of the riff.This trio could very well be the best metal band on the planet.",0,0,"Oct  2, 2007"
9,"High on Fire tears it up live, but up to now, their LP's have left me wanting. This album sees them ascending from craftsmen to majestic. Inhale the rock all ye who dare!",0,0,"Dec 30, 2007"
10,"Better than the World Series, Desmond Kensel pounded a homerun in Boston at the Underground. Rain and old weather did not keep the public wanting to see HighonFire! The line of people would not leave after the full sign came on. The vibrations of Desmond's Drums could be heard over MIT campus that night! E=mc2 was the message pounded on the drums that dark and dreary night and student just echoed in their dorms the beat on their desks at 11:00PM. The Soundcraft K2 mixing board only reinforced what everyone could hear in Boston - -Fenway park was quiet that night, but the dull and rentless sound of the raindrops acted as background music to Desi's drums. The humidity was perfect too since a drought had come to an end and Desi's drums only echoed in Boston at 472 Massachuestts Ave.",0,0,"Oct 23, 2007"
1,"The album sounds as if HoF had just discovered a band called Black Sabbath and mindlessly ripped-off from them. Unfortunately, they copied only the worst parts of Iommi & co.'s songs. Listening to this record is really painful- it's so fuckin' boring. Also the singer seems as he was to die from tuberculosis every time he opens his mouth. The album receives 1 from me for the pretty cool cover. Unfortunately, what is beneath it is just terrible.",0,0,"Jul 25, 2008"
9,"Not as impressive as 'bless black wings', but an awesome album too.",0,0,"Nov 16, 2007"
10,"This album kicks ass. Their best one yet. I would highly recommend it to anyone who truly loves heavy metal. There is no fake kid shit here.",0,0,"Oct 25, 2007"
0,"go back to mathclass you fucking retaahds. The highest review here is an 80 and it has a metascore of 81. U GOT A FUCKING AGENDA OR WHAT BITCH.",0,0,"Sep 28, 2007"
10,"Uhh...if you actually *read* the part of the website that talks about the formula, you'll see that all scores are moved away from the average to increase the spread. Some people, you know, actually do research before they act like dicks about something.",0,0,"Sep 29, 2007"
10,"This is easily the best Ministry effort put forth. T'would be a shame if it were truly the final work. This is penultimate vengeance at its best. Please give us the final stroke. We need it. 'In a time of universal deceit, telling the truth is a revolutionary act.' - G. Orwell",0,0,"Oct 19, 2007"
10,"good stuff.",0,0,"Oct 16, 2007"
10,"Amazing album -- one of Al's very best.",0,0,"Oct 21, 2007"
10,"I think Manson is a true artist. This album is a proof of his staying true to his feelings and state of mind. He's not making any compromise. He's telling his story, this time with other words and notes and that's what being creative means. He's different (but why should he be the same?), he's alive, more alive than so many. Art is about movement and change. I really appreciate this movement and change in the alternation of rough and soft sound and lyrics. They may not be perfect from a specialist point of view (I'm not one), but you can feel his artistic torments, he's giving his best. Chapeau! :)",4,4,"Jul 10, 2007"
10,"Wow ... did people vote based on listening to the entire album or just downloads from somewhere? An album inspired by his recent divorce and new found love, it is recorded at his home with just him and his guitarist. Hence, this album is not meant to be as well produced as his others. But somehow it is a more genuine piece of work - for the ones who has the moral flexiblility that is.",1,1,"Jun  7, 2007"
10,"Melodically intriguing and subtle in its own way. Understated high drama: how does he do that? It's not just a matter of wearying from the usual shock-rock aesthetic, so that the understated comes as a bigger shock. It's just a very honest work of art from an artist who is tired, but not uninspired....",1,1,"Jun  8, 2007"
10,"I loved it.It' s different . It's not something you'd expect from Manson and I was kind of confused with the lyrics as they were no shocking and 'fuck the system' style at all comparing to his other albums(they are too...love concerned) but that doesnt make it a bad album.In fact the more I hear it the better it seems to me. An artist is supposed to express what's within.Well that's just what he did. Just because it's not an angry album that doesn't meen it sucks.Well I liked it.",1,1,"Jun  9, 2007"
10,"Just a great album, superb, the guitar rifts make me wanna learn how to play just so I can play his tunes, the lyrics are the usual, extremely smart and clever, like most people have said this album is much more personal than say, Golden Age of Groutesque, this is his best work in my opinion",1,1,"Jul  9, 2007"
8,"Definitely a good album, as long as you are not expecting an industrial/metal album. I felt the last album (Golden Age...) tried a few new things but mostly tried to recreate the Antichrist Superstar sound, to mixed results. This album goes off in another direction and succeeds because of it. Definitely worth a listen. Standout tracks are: If I was Your Vampire, Evidence, Mutilation is the Sincerest Form of Flattery, You and Me and The Devil Make Three.",1,1,"Aug  7, 2007"
10,"Best Album of the Year.",1,1,"Jun  5, 2007"
4,"I am completely disappointed with this album. It's not bad music, but it's too mainstream. It doesn't sound even close to anything else Manson has released. I think he's becoming soft.",1,1,"Jun 15, 2007"
8,"It's not as accessible on first listen as his past albums have been, but I think that's the point. This is definitely an album you have to listen to a few times to have it fully sink in and then it's easier to appreciate it for what it is. It's art, not disposable pop music.",2,3,"Sep  7, 2007"
3,"I just had to comment on how hysterical it is to see Spoons commenting that 'now' 'even' Manson has sold out. Marilyn Manson was a sell-out from the very beginning, my friend. The face-paint and radio-grubbing hooks, as well as the NiN coattail-riding, assure Manson's place as a relentlessly pop-oriented figure. There was never a time where he was not doing all he could to 'sell out.' This is simply a continuation of that perpetual pattern.",1,3,"Jun  6, 2007"
0,"i think that this album means the end of manson. her last album eas awfull, but this is beyound misery",0,2,"Jun  4, 2007"
0,"Manson music is absolute junk. Not a hero we want our children to follow.",0,1,"Jun  5, 2007"
0,"Complete trash. His actions and words make me uncomfortable.",0,1,"Jun  7, 2007"
1,"I had no idea Marilyn Manson was still releasing music until I walked into a Borders and saw this Phil Collins meets My Chemical Romance album cover. Come on Manson, the 90s are over and the schtick has expired. But you will always be remembered for your cameo in Jawbreaker.",0,1,"Jun  9, 2007"
2,"you know...not everything has to be released. he should've shelved this trash when he had the chance...and retire quietly. but no...he released it. hes also touring with slayer this year. i hope all the slayer fans bludgen him with toilet seats [and im certain they will] maybe then he'll stop wasting his [true] fans' time and money with shit records like this.",0,1,"Jul  1, 2007"
5,"Brian, I know there's an intelligent, Earth-shattering album in you somewhere. Sadly, this isn't it. You proven yourself a brilliant and incisive mind with your comments in wake of the Columbine massacre, which our sick culture tried to lay at your doorstep. Just please get beyond the tired shock value and wasting your time concentrating on how you look; it reflects itself negatively in your music, and you should be above that by now. It's way past being a one-trick pony. The stable is full. Give us something to finally show the masses that they have been wrong in their judgment of you.",0,1,"Aug  1, 2007"
0,"Horrible!",0,1,"Jun  5, 2007"
0,"Wow, now even Manson has sold out. What has become of music, are we all heading toward the easy riff garbage junk bastardry of My Chemical Romance et al. Not good...",0,1,"Jun  5, 2007"
4,"Only three good songs. What happened?",0,1,"Jul 22, 2007"
3,"In my opinoin GAOG was Marilyn Mansons best album. Maybe thats just because I like metal, but those songs where hard and fast and great. These songs sound like a dead frog croaking to spooky haunted house music. Slow and boring. What the heck MM?",0,1,"Oct  7, 2007"
5,"What in god's name are you doing reviewing music you have no critical basis in, Evan B? Did you even listen to the album. Sure, this is derivative, not nearly as good as his other stuff, but Marilyn Manson is a much better role-model than most of our politicians. His glam/goth shtick is just a costume, the man's very intelligent (and capable of a better album). Do a little research before slapping a 0 on something that you think might possibly be offensive because it looks similar to something you thought hinted at bad morals.",0,1,"Jun 12, 2007"
2,"It's the worst Manson album to date. Too simple, popish and there aren't any of the old 'hooks' here. All of the songs sound familiar, with the same 'solos' and unmusical choruses. My only fav is the song 'eat me , drink me'. Only because of it my rate is 2/10. Poor Manson, I have never expected to produce that kind of shit...",0,1,"Jun  4, 2007"
3,"I don't understand what the Los Angeles Times saw in this album... I mean, the hook to Heart Shaped Glasses is a bit catchy, but the rest of the album was just dry as hell. There is nothing shocking or revolting about it, and with the lyrics, Manson sounds more like 30 Seconds to Mars than the Antichrist Superstar. Never imagined they'd lay a more confused turd than Mechanical Animals but I guess this is what a divorce and a 4-year hiatus does. Real shame.",0,1,"Jun  4, 2007"
3,"Very simple sounding album. As a long time Manson fan I couldnt believe this was actually his work when I heard it. All the songs sound extremely dry, and uninspired. Lyrics are okay, but his voice doesnt change at all, almost no emotion in any of these songs. Its been a very disapointing year imo, from Ozzy, Megadeth, Linkin Park, Skinny Puppy, and now Manson. BUT if your looking for a good cd check out Type O Negatives Dead Again...easily one the best released this year.",0,1,"Jun  6, 2007"
2,"I respect him completely for his musical talent. I just hate the album. He sold-out to the fucking media.",0,1,"Aug  8, 2007"
5,"Pretty poor in comparison with his earlier work. 'Heart Shaped Glasses' is decent enough, but on the whole, the album feels devoid of originality or passion.",0,1,"Nov 17, 2007"
2,"simple trash I loved The Golden Age of Grotesque Saw him live in 2004 and twice in 1995 opened for NiN just so disappointed",0,1,"Aug 23, 2007"
2,"This is by far the worst Manson CD that has ever been made. If you compleatly forget that is was manson that made it then it is allmost ok to hear. It has no bite at all and the lines are lame. I was once a big manson fan but n longer.",0,1,"Nov 15, 2007"
8,"I have been and still am a huge Manson fan and he is really the greatest influence for someone willing to understand the deep message behind the glam and the shock: and that message is - go out and seek knowledge, try to stand out as an original person, don't be trapped in taboos and stereotypes. That said, the only fair review I read here is from D P. I don't think Manson has ever been even close to commercial and he surely isn't now. He's an artist in the true sense because ultimately he wishes to do what he wants and what pleases him. I'd say The Golden Age of Grotesque and Holy Wood were considered bad because the singles were more an appeal to the masses (the same old stuff, same beats as TBP, the same appealing choruses) than what I think Manson would have like to do. I believe what he's doing now is really what he wanted to do and I sincerely think this album is his 3rd greatest, right after ACS (the best album I know of) and MA. It has some awesome songs (2,4,5,8,9) and it's short because all the commercial 'hit songs' are simply not there. I believe people analyzing Manson for his 'cultural influence' in America right now are too stupid to understand that an individual artist doesn't have any pre-defined social function which he has to be trapped to all his life.",0,0,"Jun 24, 2007"
9,"great. hells not hot is awesome. some votes shoudl not count like george bushes because he thought mm was a girl.",0,0,"Sep  9, 2007"
7,"Not his best but definetly not his worst... Look out for: Mutilation is the most sincere from of flattery.",0,0,"Feb 19, 2008"
9,"Great album indeed! Putting Holes In Happiness, The Red Carpet Grave, They Said That Hell's Not Hot, Heart-Shaped Glasses, Evidence and Eat Me, Drink Me are all 100% Manson classics. Third best album by Manson, ever.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2007"
8,"Perhaps the strongest album since Mechanical Animals. Manson revisits the 80's sound, this time focusing on Goth rock and guitar solos. The biggest mistake most people will make with this record is assuming another in your face outing of industrial metal. If approached in itself it is a humble but decent record. Fans of Type O Negative and such should seek out this record",0,0,"Jun  4, 2007"
10,"i love putting holes in happiness",0,0,"Jun  4, 2007"
9,"At first I didn't like it. Now I love it. It's really.. emotional. Yeh.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2007"
10,"Best Mr Manson work since Mechanical Animals. Amazing guitar work and such an improvement in Manson's voice and sonwriting skills. This kind of sounds proves that Mr Manson can be more than just a guy with lipstick screaming obscenities. Who cares about politics and religion when heart broken feelings can sound this good?",0,0,"Jun  5, 2007"
7,"Let me first say that I used to be a huge Marilyn Manson fan but have since moved on from this sort of music completely. But curiosity got the better of me, so I sought out the album. For those who say this is Manson selling out - you really don't know anything about Mansons music. This album is far less mainstream and 'hooky' than The Golden Age Of Grotesque. Manson is a genius at reinventing himself. This album is NOT anything like the current emo / chemical romance garbage that is out there. Those bands have copied Manson, not the other way around. Every Manson album is a new concept in itself. To me it seems like he stopped caring about getting new fans with this album. It seems he created it purely for himself, which hasn't happened since the old days of Smells Like Children. Ultimately, the music is quite good. Not his best and not his worst. I would only suggest that this takes repeated listens to fully appreciate the atmosphere and hidden melodies. If there is another Manson album, I would like to see them go back to having more variability within the album - mix up the faster tracks with some slower ballads. Mansons back catalogue shows that he is a very underrated song writer.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2007"
9,"I picked up this CD today and listened to most of it. At first listen this album is slightly disappointing when compared to Manson's previous works especially his 2003 release which may have been his most musically powerful album yet. However when considering Manson's current situation (and recent personal events) combined with his nearing the age of 40, its obvious Manson is more appreciative of musical creation and is seeking deeper meanings in his music. He clearly made this album for his own tastes and even admits its his first album he enjoys listening to. Also when listening over and over this album grows on you and is filled with passion and emotion some of his past music severely lacks. Maybe whats so shocking now about the Antichrist Superstar isnt his image but his willingness to now show his real personality.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2007"
7,"I'm not one to really get into Manson's whole goth thing but I'll be honest, this album kinda rocks. Through all the negative attention he's gotten and his uncanny ability to portray himself as a complete nut, Manson has essentially become a characture of himself. His rants on violence, Christianity etc... are quite tiresome and cliche. Listening to his music, however, gets my head banging. Yeah, it's a little on the annoying poppy side, but still a pretty well crafted and decently original ass kicker.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2007"
9,"A new direction and alot of dark fun!!!!!!",0,0,"Jun  7, 2007"
9,"I like this album, although it's not my favourite, but it's much better than golden age of g.! i don't know why you don't like eat me drink me but i guess we all have different taste :|.....ouh, and btw Marilyn Manson still kicks major ass!!!!",0,0,"Jun  7, 2007"
10,"Working his way back to how he used to make music when he had Twiggy to help him produce music, great album alot better then Golden Age.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2007"
9,"its a great album..but i don't think its going to be a fan favorite",0,0,"Aug  1, 2007"
10,"To anyone who hates this album shame mason is always changing he's style for his albums u always the diffrence from good and great is varietyu dont want to put a cd in and here the same through MANSON u r the man great job!!!!",0,0,"Jun 12, 2007"
7,"I like about half of the songs on this record. But the tracks I do like are absolutely amazing - some of Manson's best work. Yes, a couple of the songs are quite bland and aren't very distinguishable. It's still worth listening to, nonetheless.",0,0,"Jun 18, 2007"
10,"Album of the year",0,0,"Jun  4, 2007"
8,"finally, a manson album with some substance. he's obviously right messed up after the break up with his girl, almost everysong is about it. an artist makin' an album based on what he feels, great concept, thx mr. manson!",0,0,"Jun  5, 2007"
10,"Another amazing record. Similar to Mechanical Animals in sound, but very different in focus and intensity. Fans will love it, fans of old rock will find it easier to get into then most of his stuff. Anyone who is knocking it just doesn't like Manson, ignore them.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2007"
8,"This album is an emotional chronicalling of a year in the hell of Manson's life. Its not an angry tirade against God, Government, or the Pathetic state of modern day youth. Its a raw and personal album that is supposed to exercise many of Manson's personal deamons that overcame him this last year. With that said it is not the bone crushing, pulsating, metal crusade that Anti Chirst Super Star or Holy Wood was. It is instead very dark, very melodic, hard rock. The tracks are very much guitar lead as opposed to the synth and sampling he had been more accustomed to, and it paid off. The guitar work is very well done and compliments the new tone of the album very well. . I was very much excited when I first heard I Could Be Your Vampire, which spurred my interest in the rest of his work, and the album did not dissapoint.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2007"
8,"this is worst record but it is still a 8",0,0,"Jun  7, 2007"
10,"Reminds a lot of Mechanical Animals, which is my favorite Marilyn Manson album up to now. Eat Me Drink Me shows that Manson isn't afraid to sound different. If you expect heaviness and raging vocals you'll probably be disappointed, but for what it is - a good mixture of industrial rock and 80s electropop - this album sounds great. For me it's the most pleasant surprise of the year so far.",0,0,"Jun  9, 2007"
10,"fuck everyone who says the album sucks. manson is an artist and everything he does is supposed to reflect HIM not what YOU assholes want. and you should like the music for the music itself, not for what is 'mainstream' and what's not. you're ridiculoussss. fucking amazing album.",0,0,"Jul 20, 2007"
10,"Great stuff way better than the last.",0,0,"Jul  3, 2007"
10,"This album is something new from M.M. it's cool. I recommend to all people who didn't like M.M. you'll change your opinion.",0,0,"Sep 29, 2007"
10,"Great songs!! Its a rythmic way of life!",0,0,"Nov 15, 2007"
8,"First really focused musical vision since Anti-Christ and a more mature record than we have seen out of Manson. It sounds like a band effort and less like a production feat. the most interesting release since Mechanical Animals.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2007"
6,"I really want to like this album. I have listened to it about a dozen times and do not like it anymore than the first time I heard it. I have every one of Manson's Albums and this one is the most disappointing. Every single song on here is about love or some crap like, and most are not very catchy.",0,0,"Jun 12, 2007"
7,"Looks like he changed his style a bit, and proves he can do it extremely well in a few tracks. Tracks 1,6,7 are my favorites but track 7 is by far the best. I hope his next album has the same new style but done much better. This is a nice change for him and i support it. You can only make so many hate albums before it gets old. However he needs to do better work overall i'm use to him making cd's that almost every track is kickass, as superchrist superstar and mechanical animals was. but I look forward next album. Hopefully he does some more clean up in his different style.",0,0,"Jun 16, 2007"
10,"Perfect!!!Marilyn changed a lot,maybe he is much more romantic before and in fun less but this album is perfect...",0,0,"Jun 22, 2007"
8,"This is Marilyn Manson's best album since 'Mechanical Animals' and certainly his most personal.",0,0,"Jun 24, 2007"
10,"This album's his masterpiece!these songs are beautiful,very deep,and very passionate!these songs are 'now' -but they also go back in time to a certain era.if you relax and listen to it-you'll see what i mean.i have all his main albums,and i must say that this is his best one-and my favorite one!alot of his songs on this album touched my soul very strongly.the instruments,the melodies,his words,and the tones of his voice he uses in his songs-you yourself can feel his different emotions that he's feeling.my 3 favorite songs are:1)you and me and the devil makes 3.it's hypnotic,and it's the way things are.2)evidence.it's ritualistic with the relationship based on sex only.3)if i was your vampire.it's a deep,and obsessive sinsere love story that will never end-not even in death.even in death they're keeping each other alive.definitely get this!you'll be missing out on something special if you don't!manson truly is a special person,and he really should be appreciated!",0,0,"Sep 11, 2007"
6,"Your enjoyment of Eat Me, Drink Me will largely depend on what you thought of Manson's 2003 release, The Golden Age Of Grotesque. EM,DM is somewhat mellower and has an almost experimental feel to it, in essence this album shows Marilyn Manson struggling to find some much needed direction and maturity. Unlike The Golden Age EM,DM isn't out to offend, nor is it trying to target his familiar angry teenager audience, lyrically speaking most of it is superior to his previous release. Musically speaking it isn't nearly as catchy as The Golden Age but it feel like he's finally making the music he wants to make rather then trying to appeal to the age bracket that made him famous in the 90s. Older Manson fans will likely get the most out of this album but even then this material is artistically transitional in nature and won't appeal to everyone. Approach it with an open mind though and you just might find yourself pleasantry surprised.",0,0,"Sep 26, 2010"
7,"Though tamer and softer than the previous albums, Eat Me Drink Me is a nice change of tone for Marilyn Manson and will sure make new fans and may also please other fans as well.",0,0,"Dec 24, 2012"
7,"I've read a lot of reviews that talk about how this album was 'universally unappealing,' but I'm here to tell you that it is really a very good album. Manson himself will admit that he was in a very bad place when he made this album. He was very upset about a lot of things, and in Eat Me, Drink Me, it shows. It's a very emotional album. Not his best, but I love it.The first half of the album is unbelievable. I love it. If I Was Your Vampire is amazing. They Said That Hell's Not Hot is my favorite on the album. However, Are You The Rabbit is not very good. Despite the reviews, I found this album very good. However, it's not as 'metal' as the rest of his albums. This CD is more rock-oriented. I'd recommend it, though.And for the record, these 'mom' types writing reviews just to say they hate Manson as a person make me sick. I guarantee they didn't listen to this album. They just automatically assume he's some sort of terrorist. It's ridiculous.",0,0,"Nov 22, 2011"
9,"Marilyn Manson knows how to work wonders. Combining electronic notes with traditional rock and meaningful lyrics to top it, this definitely his best album all together to date. I can't wait for February.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2011"
7,"Prefiro Theol E Bv Mas No  Ruim Msicas timas Que Nem
1-If Was Your Vampire
2-Putting Holes In Happiness
3-They Said Hell's Not Hot
4-Heart Shaped Glasses (When The Heart Guides The Hand)
5-Evidence
6-Eat Me,Drink Me",0,0,"May 24, 2013"
10,"The mere fact that I am of a fan of Manson contributes very little to my overzealous aptitude towards this album. The theme is very well carried out through the sound, and such indelible lyrics as those of 'Heart-Shaped Glasses (When the Heart Guides the Head)' are ingeniously paired with an aesthetic value that is compelling and interpretive. The generally vampiric nature of this album, matched with it romanticized undertones constitutes a very qualified and aesthetically pleasing 'gothic-era' feel, one of which creates a whirl of images when listening to such content. Although hounded by some, 'Eat Me Drink Me' is simply fabulous, both artistically and sonically.",0,0,"Jan 20, 2015"
9,"I love the Album, they are not scare to go in new directions. Diamonds and Coal is a Joke.",0,0,"Aug  6, 2007"
9,"If you are someone who has enjoyed previous incubus albums and can appreciate an entire album will totally dig this album. it just keeps me coming back for more.",0,0,"Dec  8, 2006"
7,"it has some good songs possilby 5 the rest is bad for incubus that is shame as morning view doesnt have 1 bad song on it",0,0,"Jan 17, 2007"
10,"I love this album. I consider it their best effort. I'm actually really surprised to read so many negative reviews about it. I think that this album is very creative, and that's all you can ask for as a listener from any musical artist that you enjoy listening to. There seemed to be a large portion of this album that was centered around Brandon Boyd's relationship problems and heartaches, and apparently, it degenerates the material in some listener's views. I think it makes it more personal and meaningful. But, to each his own...",0,0,"Jan 25, 2007"
9,"Pretty darn amazing. Way to go, Incubus!",0,0,"Apr 24, 2007"
10,"Each song is distinct from another while the album manages to weave together as a whole. Listen to it from front to back and listen to it again and really listen, don't just hear it! It got me addicted.",0,0,"Sep  8, 2007"
10,"over time, people will see the importance of the musical output of this band....they get wrongly criticized and lumped in with shitty bands....go see them play this music live, it will blow your mind how great they sound...this album is just a continuation of their quest to make interesting and beautiful music...",0,0,"Dec  5, 2006"
8,"I was pretty disappointed with their last album, and wasn't really sure what to expect this time around. Thankfully, the group seems to have gotten some of their creative juices flowing again, and make some trips into some interesting/unexpected territory.",0,0,"Dec  6, 2006"
9,"It's beyond me how critics these days still perceive Incubus as nu-alt-rap rock/metal leading some people to believe that they actually don't listen to CD's they review. Light Grenades is a strong effort of a band that have changed their style light years ago. Recommended to all open-minded listeners.",0,0,"Dec  6, 2006"
10,"This is one of my favorite albums ever. Songs like Oil and Water, Rogues and Quicksand are amazing. Buy this amazing album.",0,0,"Jan  1, 2007"
8,"Let me just start by saying that while I think SCIENCE was a good album, it wasn't my favorite Incubus album by a long shot. But comparisons to other Incubus releases aside, let me just compare this album to other things out there at the moment. Would you rather listen to 'Dig,' 'Anna Molly,' 'Diamonds and Coal,' and 'Rogues' (all my personal picks from this album) or something by, say, Nickback? Nuff said.",0,0,"Jan  6, 2007"
7,"While not up to par with the smooth California sounds of Morning View or the in tune lyrics of A Crow Left of the Murder, Incubus remains true to themselves on this record. Like most of their albums by the end it sounds like a completely different record which in this case is good. All of the songs appear toward the end of the records. Songs such as Paper Shoes and Pendulous Threads seem to fit more with the past Incubus, remind me of why I love them so. The lyrics aren't as much about existentialism and political messes, than love, something many people attribute to lead singer Brandon Boyds break up with a long time girlfriend. The sound is more upfront rock and roll as Dj Kilmore takes a more subtle approach to the record, leaving the details to people such as lead guitarist Mike Einziger. While the album could be smoother and more coherent, the few songs that shine are indeed priceless.",0,0,"Feb 10, 2007"
10,"This is an amazing album, and is under-rated truly so.",0,0,"Feb 16, 2007"
10,"Great album! bit different then the other albums but still so great.",0,0,"Mar 29, 2008"
8,"Love this album and love Incubus - not a fan of ACLOTM so this is a return to form apart from Diamonds and Coal - it sucks. Amazing live and love the fact that they can do mellow and rock - but for me more rock would be good.",0,0,"Mar  5, 2008"
8,"Another great cd by a great band, vocals are as good as ever. A new sound that needs a bit of time to grow on you, and when it does you will love 'Anna Molly'. well done.",0,0,"Aug 13, 2008"
10,"This could Incubus' best CD to date. Morning View and Make Yourself were huge hits, but this CD has it all. From the very slow and charming 'Earth to Bella' to the hard-rockin' 'Light Grenades.' This CD deserves much more credit than it's going to get.",0,0,"Dec 11, 2006"
5,"this band is sold out what a joke",0,0,"Dec 12, 2006"
5,"SCIENCE was brilliance all the way around. Since then they have mastered the art of writing 4 or 5 good songs but not a complete full album worth listening to start to finish. This is more of the same.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2006"
8,"I loved CLOTM, and this is equally good. I agree it took a few listens but I don't think there is a bad song on it. I think this is as good as Incubus has ever been and if you don't like this you just ain't a Fan, its ok admit it.... :)",0,0,"Dec 17, 2006"
8,"Very good follow up to A Crow Left of the Murder. The songs are tight and well-crafted as well as melodic. There is some filler thrown in throughout the disc, but the majority of the disc has some very good stuff. Not as good as Make Yourself, but possibly, upon repeated listens, could be the second best CD they released (passing A Crow Left of the Murder)",0,0,"Dec  5, 2006"
8,"i liked it alot actually. i didn't think they would be able to keep making good music but they surprised me. oh and another thing, they are NOT alt-metal. i hate labels. grr",0,0,"Dec  5, 2006"
1,"I have been an Incubus fan since thier s.c.i.e.n.c.e album. I have loved every single album they ever put out. With exceptions for only a handful of songs, everything they put out in my opinion, is pure gold!!! However, Light Grenades is the biggest dissapointment of 2006, and belongs in a burning trash heap with K-Fed's album. I literally cried when I heard this album. Not because it was so beautiful, but because incubus died right in front of me. Not only are the songs weak, and seemed to have been ripped off by some crappy grauge band, the production of the album sounds like it was recorded with Maculy Caulkens talk boy recorder from Home Alone!!! This album even made me scream like him AHHHH!!!!! Do not buy this album if you wish your last memories of incubus to be good ones.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2006"
10,"Amazing incubus returns",0,0,"Dec  6, 2006"
9,"Incubus yet again releases an album that has very little sonic association with their previous work. It will be a sad day when these guys stop making music.",0,0,"Dec  6, 2006"
9,"Pretty good album. I like the way the band grow and make new things with every new album. 'Oil and Water' and 'Love Hurts' are 2 of the best songs I've heard in awhile.",0,0,"Dec  7, 2006"
3,"ugh, another bland record. there are hundreds of better albums released this year - why bother with this?",0,0,"Dec  8, 2006"
10,"Classic! Don't toss this album off immediately. Listen to it again and it will definitely grow on you. Incubus is by far one of the most underrated bands out there. While the critics are showering love and grammies onto other average bands, Incubus continues to make music that is outstanding and doesn't dumb itself down for their audience. Outstanding album: best tracks are 'Dig','Love Hurts', and 'Rogues'.",0,0,"Dec  8, 2006"
5,"I was not a fan of ACLOTM I am however a huge incubus fan and I continue to be disappointed with their output over the past few years. Personally I wish they would bring back Dirk Lance on bass, I know by all accounts the guy was a jerk, but he seemed to bring an attitude or a swagger to the band that has been sorely lacking since Morning View. This album seems to be Incubus' most non-descript output to date, it's not good, but it's not bad either, it doesn't rock, but it doesn't suck. It feels like the band has been settling for mediocrity since 2003 rather than the funky juiced up metal that made them great on Enjoy Incubus, Fungus Amongus, S.C.I.E.N.C.E., Make Yourself, and yes even a little on Morning View. Snap out of it guys! You're becoming the very music you used to preach against in your lyrics: 'We've painted a picture, now we're drowning in the paint. Let's figure out what the %&*# it's about, before the picture we painted chews us up and spits us out.' -Redefine (S.C.I.E.N.C.E)",0,0,"Jan 17, 2007"
9,"I think people who dont like this album, totally have no clue as to what good music is. There are actually bands like Nickleback, Staind, and tons of wanna be Blink 182 bands out there making the same music over and over. Light greneades is an amazing album and after about 2 full listens, if you are a Incubus fan, you will be hooked. PERIOD! My absolute favorite track is Rogues, classic song for a classic album. Its up there with Make Yourself and Mourning View. Keep making outstanding music!!",0,0,"Jan 18, 2007"
8,"it is good",0,0,"Jan 20, 2007"
10,"This is really a good album. very good lyrics, nice melodies. All songs are great. I can't think of even one song that sucks. It doesn't sound like any of the previous albums, which makes it more fantastic. who wants to listen to a band whose albums sound the same? many like science compared to light grenades. maybe those people just want loud music all the time. that's why they begin to hate incubus' album as they become more melodic. imagine incubus still writing songs like those in science after 10yrs, for sure most if not all will be sick and tired if that happened and incubus will be long forgotten. think about it, here is a band that reinvents themselves, exploring their musical talents, surpassing their creation everytime. that's talent! how many bands are like that in this day and age? don't know any other. if you know someone, please enlighten me. but i can guarantee you light grenades is a must have...INCUBUS ROCKS!",0,0,"Dec 20, 2007"
4,"After the release of their two most progressive, edgy, and straight up best works (ACLOTM and The Odyssey), Incubus releases their most banal, poppy, boring record to date. They've apparently given up on channeling Bungle or Primus and are now content with channeling The All-American Rejects. These guys have great chops and they",0,0,"Jan 24, 2007"
2,"what a disappointment.",0,0,"Jan 28, 2007"
0,"worst music i heard",0,0,"Jan  4, 2007"
10,"Once again Incubus reinvent themselves. Another Incubus album written like none of their previous ones, which is what Incubus is all about. I believe this is a great album. At first listen, I was sceptical about the change but I should've known better. Listening to an Incubus album is like developing an aquired taste. You might not like at first but after a few tries you'll love it immensely. Each track sounds different from each other on the album and that shows their versatility in music writing, their openess to change & experimentations, and their creative talent. Some fans of Incubus say that this album is nothing like the album S.C.I.E.N.C.E or Morning View, and that is why it sucks but i believe in the exact opposite. I believe those people are resistant to change and are just looking for Incubus to create 'another' S.C.I.E.N.C.E album or something similiar to it. That is just boring in my opinion. I don't think they will do that, judging from how different each of their albums sound. The fact that Light Grenades is different from their previous efforts shows how talented they are as musicians and it definitely is a refreshing change in the music scene where a majority of bands put out their albums sounding exactly like their previous ones. 'The only thing that is permanent is change.' MY ADVICE IS: First of all, Have an open mind when you listen to this album. Secondly, Don't relate and compare it to their previous albums. Thirdly, Don't listen to this album just once and make your judgement on it. Anything new & different takes a few listens before you can really appreciate it. And finally, Don't listen to the critics because they probably listened to this album once and made their judgement. OK thats my advice if you want to have a pleasureable experience while listening to this album. Eventually you'll find out how great this album is. I believe what Incubus does with the constant reinvention of themselves is fantastic and the evolution of their music can only get better with time. Again, 'The only thing that is permanent is change' so kudos to Incubus for constantly reinventing themselves. Favourite track : Dig. Listen to the bonus tracks: Punch-Drunk, Look Alive.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2007"
10,"",0,0,"Mar 15, 2007"
9,"It's a great album.",0,0,"Jan 29, 2009"
5,"I like Incubus. I really do. But I really don't see how this album is getting such good reviews. I'll say a few good things, though. The music, itself, sounds pretty good. The tones are far better than the bombastic tones of the past. The guitar tones feel far more natural, less compressed..they breathe more. Now, the thing that bothers me the absolute most on this album are the lyrics. 'Love hurts..but sometimes it's a good hurt'???? Is this a grown man writing this or a 13 year old girl? Listen, I love a good ballad as much as anyone and I don't mind sentimental lyrics as long as they aren't trite. But that is well beyond trite. That's just downright childish and it's really hard to connect with a song when the lyrics are just as bad as something the Cheetah Girls would sing. Props for the rhythm section and decent song structures",0,0,"Dec 11, 2006"
8,"After a few listens, this album has become one of my favorites from Incubus. The music seems to flow more easily, like they didn't try so hard this time around. That's a good thing for them. The lyrics are still a little ridiculous at times, but that's nothing new. I recommend Anna Molly, Oil and Water, and Rogues.",0,0,"Dec 16, 2006"
8,"Much better than A Crow That Left The Murder, not as good as Make Yourself or Morning View...but this album shows that Incubus has a few more songs left to give.",0,0,"Dec 16, 2006"
9,"Less consistent than ACLOTM, so more like the varied Morning View. In some ways they've mellowed and become more radio-friendly, but then you listen to the title track, Anna Molly, A Kiss To Send Us Off and Rogues and you realise they're still an incredible rock band. They could have done the same as the last outing, personally I'm glad they went for something different, more inventive. I just wish it had been 18 tracks rather than 13. Best album of 2006.",0,0,"Dec 22, 2006"
2,"WTF is this, what is it? I can't really understand what is happening to Incubus. Why, why would anyone enjoy songs like Paper Shoes, Dig, Coal etc. My god is Brandon annoying, simply put i blame him for bring this wonderful band down, the drums are perfect, so is the guitar, bass is on point but damn, the vocals just keep getting worse and worse. What is he trying to accomplish by not making a sound whole song, he just keeps going on and on. People are not stupid, your music goes down hill people stop listening to you, so far there at the bottom trying to make there way back up, there previous hits were timeless, now in my opinion because of Brandon this band is going nowhere. And no, the songs don't grow on you, it's like those annoying songs in car commercials you wanna hear 2 times and thats it. If your a die hard fan your gonna give this a 10, if you have been following Incubus with an open-mind, and hope, your gonna realize something is wrong with this band. I'm not asking for hits or even changing there style(which i know they did for the new bassist), all i'm asking for is just a decent old good song. Boyd needs to understand this for the sake of his band.",0,0,"Dec 28, 2006"
8,"After a dissapointing 'A Crow Left of the Murder' and those horrific songs from the Stealth soundtrack, I didn't have much hope. I LOVE eight of the 10 songs on the album (The two-part 'Earth to Bella' songs don't really strike a cord with me). Incubus is one of the few bands out there that craft songs that actually sound different from each other. Mikey I. (the guitarist) said that this album sounded like 10 different bands playing 10 different songs. He forgot to add 'playing 10 different songs WELL.' It's refreshing to be able to go through an album and feel like you're listening to a mix CD of sorts.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2006"
10,"Incubus changes gears on Light Grenades. They compile certain qualities from each of their previous albums into one. They have truly reached a new level in their music. I can honestly say that Light Grenades is my runner-up for Incubus' best album. Second to only Morning View.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2006"
9,"By far Incubus' best album yet....More advanced musically than Make Yourself or Morning View and more fun to listen to than A Crow Left of the Murder. Combines the best elements of their previous albums into a diverse yet cohesive package. I can't wait to hear them play this stuff live!",0,0,"Dec  6, 2006"
3,"Once again the music is pretty mediocre, and once again Brendan Boyd is terrible. His singing is front and center more than ever, his coons dictating the music and engulfing the other instruments. And of course, his lyrics are laughable. He takes metaphors that eminem might have shamefully devoted a single line to in one of his weaker songs and devotes an entire song to it. 'Even diamonds start as coal/Give us time to shine.' In sixth grade one of our assigments was to write the lyrics to an original song. I think that may have actually been one of the lines a girl wrote in her song. And we giggled a little then at it.",0,0,"Dec  7, 2006"
10,"this album f'n rocks! Seriously if you like incubus this is a 'MUST HAVE' !",0,0,"Jan 13, 2007"
8,"The album absolutely rocks!!! No Doubt about it... Kiss to send us off is hypnotic and racy. Oil and Water, Diamonds and Coal, Dig, Love Hurts are too melodious... Pendulous Threads and Earth to Bella are fantastic... Kudos!! Incubus.. for your metamorphosis. Nu-Metal is a passe now... Good that u dumped!! Waiting for your next installment in bated breath!!",0,0,"Jan 16, 2007"
10,"wow, great album. some tracks can be skipped when i listen to them now but i would say 11 out of the 13 tracks are VERY GOOD if not GREAT.",0,0,"Mar 16, 2007"
9,"This album takes two full rides through to catch on, then you're hooked. The spacy and melodic rock takes you on a rollercoaster of sounds, up and down, soft and hard, just like a good album should.",0,0,"Dec 12, 2006"
8,"this album is light years ahead of itself... (had to pun the album title) strip away the wishy washy pretense and underneath you will discover an album that flows from beginning to end, each song leaving an imprint that will bring you back for more, especially 'dig' keep on 'lighting' up my life incubus....",0,0,"Dec 12, 2006"
5,"Incubus used to be good. Back when they did SCIENCE. I didn't even buy their last album. I thought I'd give this one a try. It definitely does not compare to their earlier works. There are maybe 3 okay songs. The rest are just a bunch of sappy stuff that sounds like every other band out today.",0,0,"Dec 13, 2006"
7,"This album is a good jump start from ACLOTM. I like to compare it to S.C.I.E.N.C.E. because of the way it rocks at moments then slows down again before you know it. This album is very catchy with Brandons lyrics. I love what Incubus does with its sound album to album. Keep up the good work. Cant wait for the next one.",0,0,"Dec 16, 2006"
9,"This stands out as one of the most accomplished Iincubus albums ever, the melodies are phenominal and Incubus prove on most tracks that you good music doesn't have to be about being over the top. The band has come together as one unit here, not a bunch of musicians playing together. Some people still expect a SCIENCE style record years after nu metal became tired. Move on people, Incubus and the rest of us have! Open your minds!!! This album has an intense beauty and positive vibe to it, I cannot stop playing it. Light Grenades is the only dud track, interupting the album with a quick burst of pointless nonsense. However songs like Paper Shoes, Dig, Oil and Water, Pendulous Threads and Diamon0ds and Coal more than make up for it. A Kiss to Send off is the best rocker and Paper Shoes has the best melody. WOW.",0,0,"Dec 18, 2006"
5,"I was expecting more, after ACLOTM where they seemed to start geting back to what they were in the past... where is SCIENCE spirit?",0,0,"Dec 19, 2006"
1,"Everybody deserves a chance, sounds like some of the lyrics they write, well i do believe in that ol' saying, so they get one point. Trite and useless material otherwise. They are how old, writing music that speaks to people how old?",0,0,"Dec 17, 2007"
4,"I feel the same way about this album and A Crow Left of the Murder... Uneven, some good songs, and the lyrics have taken a hit.",0,0,"Sep 20, 2011"
8,"Fore sure their best album since Make Yourself. Not that A Crow Left Of The Murder & Morning View were bad because they absolutely were not. Especially Morning View. It's just Light Grenades simply put has stronger tracks. An i would go as far to say that Anna Molly is their best song maybe ever.",0,0,"Jun 29, 2012"
9,"Admittedly there are some bad songs on this album, but they are mostly cancelled out by some real classics the title track 'light grenades' is probably the highlight of the album. I don't like the direction they have gone with on  dig, oil and water and the earth to Bella's. Although i would argue the ending to earth to Bella part 2 is a great showcase for the musicianship that incubus has at its disposal. Mike Enzinger is fantastic throughout, he displays fantastic riffs and innovative solo's throughout,  for the majority of the album Boyd accompanies with a great rock voice even if the lyrics do suffer a little.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2013"
8,"Easily Incubus' most puzzling album to date, as it seems they were really struggling to find an identity throughout. Just as soon as you thought the band was changing its sound, the self-titled 'Light Grenades' comes on and blasts the listener back to 1999. While this is normally used in a negative context, I have to admit the confusion added an endearing quality and makes for quite a ride.",0,0,"Sep 17, 2013"
10,"One of the most underrated bands of the decade. A unique sound. It may have confused some of the fans, and critics may not have praised it as much as they had to because the genre was worn out by the time, but this could be considered their masterpiece.",0,0,"Mar 10, 2015"
10,"Truely a amazing work of artistic structure and brilliance. This entire record is playing at my funeral when my time is done.",3,3,"Nov  1, 2006"
5,"Chino does not need to be AUTO TUNED!!!!! they did a terrible job auto tuning it and its terribly obvious!",0,1,"Oct 29, 2007"
0,"Horrible,I just hated the way he sang the songs.I can't believe people can listen to this shit.It wasn't even rock.Awful.",0,1,"Jan 30, 2008"
1,"Missing White Pony...Saturday Night Wrist is just disappointing.",0,2,"Nov 20, 2006"
10,"You can't BRAND deftones. I think that is the whole point of their SWAG. It's music. mood.",0,1,"Nov  3, 2006"
4,"I have known these guys for 16 years. This album, for the most part, is the furthest from their true sound. In the past, their experimentation has seemed like a group evolution, yet knowing that Chino was not really involved in the overall production and was mostly m.i.a. until a year after it was recorded, I think that the fire is out. I am certain that this will be their last album...",0,1,"Dec  5, 2006"
8,"It's a slight return to White Pony, but doesn't come close to approaching the album as a complete piece of work. Pink Cellphone is a total throwaway track, and several others just never get going. However, they do show flashes of brilliance with 'Beware', 'Rapture', and 'Kimdracula'. I've been a huge Deftones fan ever since Adrenaline came out and while I don't ever expect them to top White Pony, this album was a breath of fresh air after their self-titled disappointed.",0,0,"Oct 30, 2006"
9,"I find this to be about on par with 'Deftones', and I probably enjoy it more than White Pony. It's a good release, with some real standout moments. One thing that irks me is Delgado's contributions being way more overt and kinda cheesy in parts... I prefer his usual fare of creating tension in the background subtly.",0,0,"Dec 20, 2007"
10,"First let me say I am a real person, not a robot, and I don't work for a record label. I honestly this is as close to perfection as you can get. Pink Cellphone goes hard in the paint.",0,0,"Jul  2, 2007"
8,"They just always stay fresh! a bit on the soft side at times, but musically and production wise maybe their best album! 'Beware' is an awesome song! Ranks right up there with their best!",0,0,"Nov  9, 2006"
8,"I've never quite understood how Deftones got lumped in with the Korn's and Limp Bizkit's of the world. Those bands dont do anything for me (except for Korn's first album, that was tight back in the day.) Deftones have always been on the edge, doing their own thing, and this album is no different. Musically, I think of bands like Failure, Hum, and Queens of the Stone Age when I hear this album, as it's more stoner rock than metal. In classic Deftones style, the album is both dark and precious, often simultaneously. It's a pretty amazing combination. I can even hear echoes of Radiohead in 'Pink Cellphone', one of the most pleasant surprises of the album. And Chino's voice is just a unique insturment of its own kind, which complements the music perfectly. 'Saturday Night Wrist' might just be their best album to date. I'll have to give it some more listens to see if it can top 'White Pony', but it just might.",0,0,"Oct 30, 2006"
8,"Loving it, A must For any deftones fan",0,0,"Oct 30, 2006"
10,"always a fan of deftones since they began i just think they are the only band that can play with my feelings chino voice just is incredible nice they didnt became too much team sleep this album is just great as everything they do",0,0,"Jan 23, 2007"
9,"Thier best since 'Around the Fur'",0,0,"Jan 26, 2007"
10,"It is one of the best albums!",0,0,"Jan 30, 2007"
8,"Deftones never let me down. Their albums are always changing in agood way. This album only proves once again that they can rock to the maximus.",0,0,"Jan  8, 2007"
8,"Much, much tighter than their last experimental album (which had some wonderful moments, but was unfocused). 'Hole in the Earth' has been deemed extremely heavy but I've seen Brit Rock bands deliver just as much noise - which is convenient considering Chino takes on Bono's voice. 'Rapture' is a by-the-numbers metal song (save for a brief moment in ambience). 'Beware' is a beautiful anthem complete with layers of cricket noise, and 'Cherry Waves' finds the band trying to sing in the middle of violent storm in the middle of the lonely ocean. 'Mein' proves Chino had Radiohead's song 'Where I End and You Begin' on repeat, and 'Xerces' does plenty of mystified shoegazing. Really disjointed, but furthering Deftones's range with a large handful of fantastic moments.",0,0,"Jul 18, 2007"
9,"this is hardcore new wave at its best.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2006"
10,"i haven't been able to take it out of any of my cd players since i got it. amazing!!!!!!",0,0,"Nov 22, 2006"
10,"I've always been a casual Deftones fan. I don't own any of their albums but I like Minerva, Back to School, Change, all the usual. This album however, has made me totally fall in love with Deftones. I haven't plugged into an album for weeks and not gotten tired of it like I have with this album. I don't know how else to explain this album except by saying its amazing. Chino's voice is used like a musical instrument, a beautiful one at that, and I wouldn't change a damn thing about this album.",0,0,"Nov  4, 2006"
9,"excellent. the deftones have finally reached their potential and a new level of sophistication. abe cunningham's drumming, long the band's weakest link, has improved dramatically.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2006"
9,"It's not White Pony, but it continues in that direction with a lot of Chino Moreno's Team Sleep vocal experience mixed in. Lyrics and are standard Deftones quality - which means they're brilliantly poetic.",0,0,"Dec  6, 2006"
10,"Wow!",0,0,"Oct 31, 2006"
9,"Saturday Night Wrist is a solid culmination of what Deftones have been doing the past two albums. The songs here surpass the self-titled effort but fall short of the artier White Pony.",0,0,"Oct 30, 2006"
9,"one of there best albums superb apart from pink cellophone what rubbish would be a 10 apart from that song",0,0,"Jun 11, 2007"
9,"As others have been saying, this is a great album, but White Pony is such a masterpiece that it would be very unprobably for this band to produce any future albums that even come close.",0,0,"Nov  1, 2006"
10,"remember the red hot chilli peppers? remember when no one 'got'their music? well the deftones aren't here to please you or the radio.. i love the deftones, and well i don't care if they ever make it into mainstream or play on the radio.. who needs another band with too much executive influence?'?? they are a garage band! and that is where their soul lies.. all about the music.. the music they want to make.",0,0,"Nov  1, 2006"
9,"I was ready to be dissapointed with this album because the release date kept being pushed back. This is their best album to date. It was well worth the wait.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2006"
10,"Deftones return to form after the disappointing 2003 album. Up there with White Pony and Around the Fur.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2006"
7,"I'm surprised by 2 things. That this album got such high ratings and that most deftones fans view White Pony as their best album. IMO, their best album is Around The Fur and it's not even debatable. That said, this is a good album although it takes a few listens through to really get it. Better than the S/T for sure.",0,0,"Dec 13, 2006"
9,"Should have been the follow up to White Pony, leaps and bounds better than self-titled",0,0,"Dec 17, 2006"
8,"A sure departure from past efforts, but there's definite progress in their music. There's a more ambient, restrained quality on this album which is further enhanced by the great guitar work, as well as Chino drowning his voice in calm atmospherics. There are lightning flashes, however, in the form of 'hole in the earth' and my favorite 'Kimdracula', as if to reassure their fans that the Deftones haven't forgotten what's gotten them this far. Definitely a solid album on all fronts, a great collective effort by one of the groups flying under the 'nu-metal' tag that still produces introspective and progressive records. Great band, great effort, look forward to more.",0,0,"Dec 28, 2006"
9,"I'd almost call this a return to form for the Deftones, but nobody can really tell just what their form is, so I'll kick this off by saying it's a big diversion from their self titled, and in a good way. Hole In The Earth is a great album opener that illustrates the problems the band has been going through in the last year, and from there it's all awesome until the Contra code song, which is skippable. Rats!Rats!Rats! is a hit in the face much like Hexagram was on the self titled, and Pink Cellphone is either the greatest thing ever or the worst filler track of all time. Buy it now and see them live, they might not be around much longer.",0,0,"Dec  7, 2006"
9,"I think SNW is just the latest in a long string of classic 'tones realeases. Personally, I think WP will stand as thier masterpiece, though I'd argue for all the others (well, maybe not Adrenalin). PC is awful, hence the 1 point deduction but the rest of the record is insane...They've been listening to alot of MBV and The Cure lately... I don't understand why everyone is still harping on this divide b/w the 'metal' tones fans (Adrenalin Rules!/etc.) and the pop ones (WP is the single greatest record ever made/etc.) The Deftones haven't been a 'metal' or 'pop' band for a long time now...they transcend any and all tags and genres. Remember, in the 80's, the cure were dismissed as 'goth', now they are seen as the inspiration for countless bands, across all genre lines. I think history will remember the deftones the same way. And stop riffing on the 2003 ST record...it rules.",0,0,"Oct 31, 2006"
9,"the sacto boys are back! After coming across as very down-and-nearly-out on their self-titled album...they really come back on this record re-energized, and loving what they do...and the results: deftones' most cohesive and eclectic record to date...and only time will tell as to whether this one of their finest works!",0,0,"Nov 12, 2006"
8,"This is a very strange record, but somehow it feels like the Deftones have grown into the band they've always meant to be. 'Rapture' and 'Rats!Rats!Rats!' (which is absolutly fierce) are here to remind us that the Deftones were once a metal band, but the bulk of the album is given to dreamier, softer songs. It's still a very heavy album, but the heaviness comes from the density and tone of the album, not just raging guitars. 'Beware' is one of the best songs the band has ever written, and is worth the price of the album itself. 'Pink Cellphone' is either entirely genius or utterly, offensively stupid. Pretty impressive (though occasionally confusing) album.",0,0,"Nov 13, 2006"
8,"As with most deftones albums it's a matter of sorting out the gems from the noise. Gems include: Hole in the Earth Beware Xerces If these were the only tracks on the album it would be more than worth it.",0,0,"Nov 26, 2006"
10,"excellent addition. the best tones' record since the white pony. atmospheric, dense, angular, harmonic and melodic, and it still rocks out well enough",0,0,"Dec 16, 2006"
10,"The most accurate review is the one claiming that if anyone has interest in Heavy Music, this is a must. I, though not a fan of metal per say, have always thought of the Deftones as something of a guilty pleasure, I felt awkward admitting to listening to them. This changed it. It's a beautiful and atmospheric album. Please listen to it. The highlights are 'Cherry Waves' and 'Kimdracula'.",0,0,"Dec 27, 2006"
6,"The album feels a bit lackluster when compared with their previous two albums (Self Titled and White Pony). As good as 'Hole In The Earth' and 'Beware The Water' are, songs like 'Mein' and 'Pink Cellphone' let the album down a small bit.",0,0,"Nov 17, 2007"
9,"Cohesive and beautifully produced, a big improvement over that last self-titled record. Maybe not as vital as 'White Pony', but nearly every song on here is perfect (though I have a hard time listening through the collab with Annie).",0,0,"Nov 27, 2007"
10,"My favorite Deftones record with some peaceful and Violent melodies mixed together to make it a perfect album. We will be waiting for Chi until he wakes up.",0,0,"Nov 17, 2011"
5,"More auto-pilot than its predecessor, SNW feels more empty and less dense than it should do, with 'Cherry Waves' and 'Combat' trying to elevate this into something a lot more vocal driven. Unfortunately this album struggles to connect in a way which their others did. Deftones are at a crossroads here in which direction to head next...and it shows.",0,0,"Feb 20, 2012"
10,"it's everything you could ask for in a Deftones album, and more. their music perfectly blends alternative metal with shoegaze, creating a new experience and an altogether enjoyable experimentation. my only complaint would be the track 'Pink Cellphone' and their choice of spoken word; i often end up skipping that track altogether in my regular playthroughs.",0,0,"Jul  8, 2012"
10,"A truly incredible masterpiece in it's own respect. This album takes you to another world and makes you wonder if you can ever go back. Xerces tears your soul out through your ears.",0,0,"Feb  1, 2015"
8,"Deftones' most aggressive album, definitely supported by the frantic 'Rats! Rats! Rats!'. However, it's a ten out of ten album that gets an eight only because of the abysmal 'Pink Cellphone'. Please never do that again, Deftones. Please.",0,0,"Sep 24, 2015"
7,"This album took a while to get used to. I struggled to find a connection to the music early on and therefore  this album was subject to multiple listens. Following their 2003 self titled release, one will notice that S.N.W. is not nearly as heavy. By Deftones standards it's not that heavy at all. I have always thought of Deftones sound as being 'atmospheric' and that certainly holds true with this record. Songs such as Kim Dracula and Mein come to mind with their drawn out chords and steady drum beats to maintain the aforementioned characteristic. As usual Chino's lyrics remain dark and ambiguous allowing the listener to interpret the song in many ways; but he seems to be doing too much.
Chino's voice sounds altered and not as authentic as it does in other releases (perhaps there was some studio magic that influenced this) his screams seem forced and unnatural. That aside his singing does remain taut and controlled. As a listener you really can feel the pain and discontent in his voice. Every song as an 'eerie' almost doomed feeling to it which I would attribute to Chino's vocals. With more singing and less screaming many of the songs sound almost euphoric as well, this in turn works in its favor.
With this album I kept waiting for some simple chords that I couldn't help but bang my head to, e.g. songs such as Hexagram or Elite. I just couldn't find that within this album, Rats! Rats! Rats! comes close but remains too sporadic and uncontrolled. The apparent musical experimentation takes away from the sinister and edgy sound that many have come to know and love from this band. There is a certain brutality missing in this album that was so vital to the other records.
Overall I think this album offers a nice change for listeners and it certainly shows the direction the band is heading in especially with their later releases. I love all Deftones records but this album and those that followed still lack the energy of the others. While not my favorite it's still a good album by a great band.",0,0,"Jun 24, 2016"
1,"Formulaic, tired, trite, boring, soulless, stargazing pretentious tommyrot. Unnecessary, redundant. Isis flog a dead horse which committed suicide after their only slightly less awful dbut Oceanic and this is BEFORE their God awful vocalist is brought to trial.",0,1,"Jul 14, 2009"
5,"This album is weak, and anyone who believes otherwise is fooling themselves. Isis lack direction and focus on this album, the riffs are lazy and they just sound plain bored. Some new ideas are needed for their next release, there is only so much tribal drumming i can take. Best Track 'Holy Tears'",0,0,"Jan 29, 2007"
10,"Awesome. These guys are making some unbelievable music. While I rate Panopticon highly, this is the album I was looking for after Oceanic. I'm already looking forward to what they do next!",0,0,"Dec  2, 2006"
8,"I actually prefer this over 'oceanic'. 'in the absence of truth' is more atmospheric; the soundscapes are deeper and darker and the songs seem to shift at appropriate timings instead of repeating the same things over and over again like their earlier stuff (not that they don't still, but less so). i found 'panopticon' to be rather boring by the end. with this go i feel energetic all the way through. i could easily listen from start to finish, and it feels alot more ambient if you're more into the post-rock aspect of isis than their status as a metal outfit like i am.",0,0,"Mar 30, 2007"
9,"this album has a great mellow vibe to it and a amazing climax effect in almost every song. This is one of their best albums in my opinion.",0,0,"Apr 12, 2007"
10,"astonishing from start to finish my favorite band since radiohead and sigur ros words do no justice with this release my best album of 2006 and maybe since 2004s panopticon.",0,0,"Feb  8, 2008"
7,"The album advances and reveals itself at a slower-than-sludge pace, making it one of those rare metal albums that seeks to reward patience. It has it's share of satisfying moments, but rarely ventures in to breath-taking territory. It's an impressive album, but it could have been more.",0,0,"Aug 25, 2008"
7,"This album sounds like a cross between Interpol and Mastodon played at 16. Aaron Turner's guitar is gorgeous in spots, as are some of his vocals, but his angry, demonic caterwauling sometimes gets in the way of his playing, to say nothing of Aaron Harris's melodic drumming. As a result, the music wears thin in spots. Still, with all this band has going for it, including their striking soundscapes, they aren't too far from discovering the truth that they have a masterpiece in their near future.",0,0,"Dec 11, 2006"
10,"Brilliant music. The 2 most common criticisms I've read of this album is that 'Isis is doing the same thing over and over' or the album is 'boring'. These couldn't be further from the truth. Granted, it takes a certain kind of listener to get into Isis (not to be a dick, but come on...instrumental music requires different ears than a 3 minute pop song). The melodies are better (something Isis has been getting better at with each release) than ever, the production is great (not too shiny and sparkly, but not crappy like their first stuff either). In this genre of music (in which there are lots of talented bands), Isis consistently is the best and this album proves no different. If you like this, I also recommend Jesu if you haven't heard of them. They are opening for Isis on their upcoming tour and will be huge soon.",0,0,"Dec  7, 2006"
10,"A Masterpiece",0,0,"Nov 23, 2006"
4,"I've never read Q Magazine, but if the simple clarity illustrated by its review of this album is more than just a mere fluke, color me hooked. Isis was once a band with great creative promise, and since their magnum opus, Oceanic, they have squandered that creative promise for with the hopes of recreating that album. Newsflash -- Oceanic was great when it was called Oceanic, less so when it was called Panopticon, and redundant by the time it was rereleased as In the Absence of Truth. If you're looking for more of the same from Isis, you won't be disappointed, but if you are easily frustrated by creative stasis, steer clear -- you've heard this one already.",0,0,"Dec 21, 2006"
9,"Mood altering ambient prog-metal. Isis is godlike intrepid sublime.",0,0,"Dec  7, 2006"
10,"Damnit, this is a great album, and I've no idea where some of these reviewers get their ideas.",0,0,"Nov 16, 2006"
10,"An absolute step forward for Isis. Their most dynamic and polished album yet. My favorite aspect of the CD is the unrestrained (finally!) drumming by Aaron. Breathtaking.",0,0,"Nov 27, 2006"
10,"If you don't like this album, you have no taste in music. And this is AFTER their incredible vocalist is brought to trial. Seriously, this album is the bridge between perceiving **** 'screamo' and actual talent.",0,0,"Oct 14, 2015"
10,"Arguably Mastodon's finest album, an absolute masterclass in experimentation and progressive metal that blows other bands clear out of the water. An astounding musical achievement that deserves the recognition and reputation it has gathered since it's release. This is a record that every metal fan should own in his or her respective collection.",4,4,"Aug 10, 2011"
9,"Mastodon still isn't getting the attention they deserve. They're the best new rock band of the last several years and they keep getting better and better.",1,1,"Oct 24, 2006"
6,"Quite average.",0,1,"Jul  4, 2007"
0,"That's the worst album of the world: the worst sounds and the worst music of the worst band What happened with Mastodon?",0,2,"Oct 19, 2006"
1,"This is a horrible mess. There's barely a decent song in here - it's one trite riff after another, and some meandering vocals. What the hell happened to Mastodon?",0,2,"Dec 20, 2006"
9,"This album is bad a**. That Guardian review is way off the mark & should be struck off the record as a complete aberration. The Guradian review totally screwed Mastodon's Metacritic average....that sux....By this album NOW!",0,1,"Sep 17, 2006"
0,"A random assortment of riffs and notes with little sense of continuity. There are no songs per se, just section after pointless section. Boring at best, frustrating and unlistenable at worst.",0,1,"Mar  6, 2007"
10,"Blood Mountain is an amazing complex and rich testament to progressive metal. Long live Mastodon.",0,0,"Feb 10, 2007"
10,"You have to be joking. According to The Guardian, Paris Hilton's 'fine' new album is better than Blood Mountain. I have no more respect for the system.",0,0,"Sep 16, 2006"
10,"wow this is an amazing album. Not only the best metal album of the year but the best album of the year. You have to check this out.",0,0,"Sep 25, 2006"
9,"Awesome music from an awesome band. Period.",0,0,"Sep 20, 2006"
10,"So I read about these guys in my guitar mags for the last couple of years. Never really gave them a chance until January of 2007 and now I can't get over how good their drummer is. Now I hum their riffs all the time everyday...something is compelling about them.",0,0,"Feb  7, 2007"
10,"A masterpiece",0,0,"Jun  6, 2007"
9,"Very addictive. Quality album. Best metal album of 2006.",0,0,"Oct 15, 2006"
10,"Brilliant & Epic !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Oct 15, 2006"
8,"Best metal album of the year. They rock hard and don't avoid melody. Hardcore mixes with progressive, trash and some jazzy licks.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2006"
9,"Even if you are a pretentious asshole when it comes to music, you'll love this album. I know because I am one.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2006"
10,"I am your typical music snob, mostly listening to classical music, Radiohead or Pink Floyd, and condemning the rest as junk. But this album.... is very good. The music is actually composed here, not put together formulaically as it is mostly done today.",0,0,"Oct  9, 2006"
9,"Not just one of the best metal albums of the year - this is one of the best metal albums EVER. It is right up there with 'Master of Puppets', 'Rust In Peace', 'Vulgar Display...', 'Sky Valley' - you name it. Technically flawless - the only reason I haven't awarded this a 10 is because this album showed such an incredible progression from the previous album (which is still awesome) that I suspect the band could well have the potential to top this mighty peak.",0,0,"Oct  9, 2006"
10,"I've never heard an album like this. Possibly the greatest metal album ever made.",0,0,"Sep 14, 2006"
8,"This time all things are much more clearer. The band decided to touch a larger -but not exactly more commercial- audience. Brick by riff builds a strong familiar sound who's moving honestly at the edge of proggresivve metal (hardcore and stoner is also here along with a small garage touch in the production). This record demand to be heard a lot of times but not all the time. Its not the masterpiece that a lot of people talking about.The -no surprises- lyrics are walking the same path of their previous album 'Leviathan'. For me the highlight is 'The sleeping giant' that shows the potential energy this musicians have of making much more cosmic and human music that will defy the forming blocks we're all in. Ofcourse the fans will love it and their girlfriends hate it (the songs are very complex attacks that needs tons of volume). Great cover by the way.",0,0,"Sep 14, 2006"
9,"This is an album that no metal fan should be without. It has all the right elements. It's technical, deep, heavy and moving all in one. Worth the money.",0,0,"Sep 15, 2006"
10,"Every song is good.",0,0,"Sep 15, 2006"
10,"This is the most awesome metal I've heard in a while.",0,0,"Sep 16, 2006"
9,"superb album not as good as leviathan as i like the heavier side of mastodon but definitely one of my albums of the year",0,0,"Sep 18, 2006"
10,"The Guardian reviewer said in the same review that he thought heavy metal was 'one of the worst genres ever'. Maybe not the best person to review a metal album...",0,0,"Sep 20, 2006"
9,"This album is a must for all of those people who are heavy music fans, but gave up on new metal years ago, content with their classic metal collections. This band injects new life into a genre which has been watered down in recent years with boring and redundant albums from new and old bands, alike. Fresh, smart and HEAVY.",0,0,"Sep 20, 2006"
10,"Metal album of the year. Period.",0,0,"Sep 20, 2006"
10,"Spin magazine has no say in reviewing complex metal music. This is not a pop record. Mastodon is more compareable to Miles Davis, than the silly music glorified in Spin magazine. There are many rememberable moments on this record , but one should challenge their ear before making judgement.",0,0,"Sep 26, 2006"
9,"Grab the nearest strongly-rooted tree boys and girls and hang on, THIS is the soundtrack to Armaggedon. Its sonic impact makes Black Sabbath sound like The Archies. Once a decade a band comes along and reminds us that great metal isn't extinct. Mastodon is that band. There are so many insane Brent Hinds' riffs on this album, you'll lose count by the third track. And a strong case can be made that Brann Dailor is one of the top five drummers to ever sit down behind a kit. Even the cover art is fabulous. Anyone who is comparing this to Supertramp deserves a Guardian for when they write.",0,0,"Sep 27, 2006"
10,"This album is amazing from the beginning to the very end. Mastodon really outdid themselves on this one, and we can expect even greater things from them in the future.",0,0,"Feb  3, 2007"
10,"Every song is worth listening to over and over again",0,0,"Apr  6, 2007"
10,"FUCKING INCREDIBLE LP :D",0,0,"Jun 24, 2007"
10,"The most original and and interesting album of the decade. Brilliant.",0,0,"Jan 12, 2008"
10,"This is THE perfect metal album. Bloody brilliant!",0,0,"Jan  6, 2008"
8,"These guys are insanely talented musicians. Just think of what they could do if they had a legitimate lead singer!",0,0,"Mar 31, 2009"
7,"It's an impressive album, without a doubt the metal album of the year, but after awhile it seems like the band was trying to impress guitar magazines more than working on writing actual songs. It is pretty awesome to hear the band go completely nuts, but it all starts to blur together after awhile. Leviathan was a much more cohesive album.",0,0,"Nov 13, 2006"
8,"im amazed, they relly sounds like a beast..a Mastodon. You see it in the cover you hear it on the cd.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2006"
10,"For once, the hype is real. An utterly amazing album. Any serious fan of metal - or rock music in general - needs to get Blood Mountain right now. Note to The Guardian: stick to Britpop, please. It's obvious you only reviewed this album because the American press are so taken with it, and you didn't know what you were getting into. An album with balls must haven really thrown you for a loop. Cue up some Coldplay, drink some tea, and get back into your comfort microcosm. Leave the adventurous listening to those who are prepared for it. Thanks.",0,0,"Oct 17, 2006"
10,"mastodon has the power to take over the metal scene.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2006"
10,"Absolutely their best! Mastodon embodies progressive by actually evolving with each album. The move to major label could not compromise their sound. Their mission to crush all preconceptions of their music is on point. Great album!",0,0,"Dec  7, 2006"
10,"I'm in shock. After listening to this disc for two days straight I'm convinced that this is the greatest rock (?) album released this year. On paper these songs shouldn't work at all, but somehow their relentless major/minor-tempo-time signature f*ckery only strengthens every composition. This band pulls off the unique trick of remaining melodic and bone crushingly evil all at the same time. I'm not a fan of metal/death metal and somehow this CD managed to become my favorite disc of the year. My pile of new indie releases are gathering dust until I get this album out of my blood.",0,0,"Sep 13, 2006"
9,"Clearly, the reviewer Jamie Thomson from the guardian is a moron...as can be seen by him being the only person to give this less than an 80! What a joke! This album rocks, and i don't even like this genre much!",0,0,"Sep 15, 2006"
10,"Not the best Mastodon album but still, it sounds damn good. Didnt quite like prog metal until I found mastodon on my computer and it changed my entire vision on music.The best ones in my opinion are ' Sleeping Giant' and 'This Mortal Soil'",0,0,"Sep 15, 2006"
8,"2nd best metal album I've heard this year, after Agalloch's 'Ashes In The Grain'. I don't see where all the 100% reviews are coming from, it has its flaws, but maybe i need to give it a few more listens. The guy from the Guardian who gave it a 20 probably was drooling over the new fiery furnaces record or some other boring indie-pop bullshit.",0,0,"Sep 17, 2006"
10,"wow. this album kicks ass. I love the progressive touches and 'colony of birchmen' is one of the best metal songs i've heard in a long time on one of the best metal albums i've heard in a long time.",0,0,"Sep 18, 2006"
9,"A tiny bit less heavy and a lot more prog than Leviathan but no less impressive. This is one of those albums that grabs your attention, demands relistening and gets better each time you hear it. The album is almost hypnotic.",0,0,"Sep 18, 2006"
10,"Best metal album of the last 20 years. If your band isn't trendy 'indie' music spin doesn't have any use for you.",0,0,"Sep 27, 2006"
9,"The Guardian and Allmusic Guide gave Paris Fucking Hilton better reviews than this album. Come the fuck on. This album kicks ass. If you like heavy metal music at all, you can't really lose with BLOOD MOUNTAIN.",0,0,"Sep 30, 2006"
10,"What the hell has Rob R been listening to?",0,0,"Jan 11, 2007"
10,"Blood Mountian is phenomenal. There's at least 5-7 powerhouse metal songs in it. I can honestly say that this is the most glorified metal band since metallica's reign in the 80's. Aside from that, they're ever potentially greater than iron maiden and metallica, and blow the lid off slayer and pantera. Next to Black Sabbath, they're the crowning kings of Heavy Metal.",0,0,"Feb  1, 2007"
10,"Absolutely incredible.",0,0,"Feb 12, 2007"
10,"This is the finest album released in 2006. It's complexity, and tone are unparalelled in metal today, and possibly ever. If you even slightly enjoy music, you should obtain a copy of this phenominal album.",0,0,"Feb  6, 2007"
10,"the most creative metal album in a decade, it's features some of the best drumming in years",0,0,"Jun 25, 2007"
10,"By far the best metal album of the year, maybe even the decade. It seems moving to warner bros has'nt costed their integrity. the smartest album of any genre this year.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2007"
10,"The best metal album of the last ten years. Mastodon is the most talented and smartest band in metal today. 'Blood Mountain' is one part The Mars Volta, one part Metallica, and one part ancient mythology all rolled into one. Heavy as hell and relentless.",0,0,"Aug  5, 2007"
9,"Over the top without being wanky, heavy without being dull, and driven without them taking it too seriously. If you hate this record... you obviously have your ears only painted on.",0,0,"Sep 18, 2007"
10,"One of the greatest metal songs of late years.",0,0,"Jan 21, 2008"
8,"Not nearly as goo d as levanthian, or remission, there ae some great tracks on here for sure, but Mastodon is clearly getting less hardcore and much more mainstream, hope that this stops.",0,0,"Feb  1, 2009"
10,"Great album and an instant classic. Its become a standard that I judge everything else by. The drums continue to blow my mind.",0,0,"Feb 21, 2009"
8,"I am no metal fan, but Mastodon makes me happy.",0,0,"Nov 27, 2006"
10,"It's hard to sum up an album that's truely a masterpeice when one's running off of 3 hours of sleep. Oh and no, my sleep depravation is not why I appreciate the album. I initially purchased the album getting a cheap thrill out of the tounge in cheek quality of the titlle and band name. I though 'what could be more 'metal' (Insert high pitched pseudo rawk yell) than that?' and bought it when I saw it was on clearence. Little did I know that it would Save my life. The album proved to be a masterwork of complex and highly emotive energy. It's a heavy album that doesnt let up, fast, furious and quite exhausting. OH and if you'd like to know what I normally listen to (for the non-metal fan): Leonard Cohen Big Star The Beach Boys Wilco My Bloody Valentine Fugazi Meaning, this isnt just for metal fans (not that this sounds like any of them).",0,0,"Nov  4, 2006"
10,"I notice very high reviews and very low reviews. As a long time mastodon fan, and a fan of heavy music and music in general, this is thier BEST album. Production is where it needed to be and the songs are all good. Some of these critics are off the mark. This is just a great album.",0,0,"Oct 24, 2006"
8,"A really good album. Relentless thrash riffs with enough prog tendancies to mix things up, but no where near entering artsy territory. Kind of like a modern And Justice For All. But metal album of the year? Album of the year? Not even close. Blood Mountain is front to back solid, but never earth shattering. There are much better bands out there, but i'm interested to see where this band goes.",0,0,"Dec  7, 2006"
10,"This album is ridiculously good.",0,0,"Sep 13, 2006"
10,"This album owns",0,0,"Sep 13, 2006"
10,"Making metal matter. This is a whole other level.",0,0,"Sep 14, 2006"
9,"are you f@k!ng serious guardian. What a COMPLETE distortion/overeaction. How can that review even be included.",0,0,"Sep 15, 2006"
10,"a 10 point distortion by a disgruntled closed minded fool",0,0,"Sep 15, 2006"
10,"100, 80, 80 ,80....20?! Syrupy vocals? What drugs do they hand out at the guardian?",0,0,"Sep 17, 2006"
10,"Awesome awesome awesome. Nothing more needs to be said.",0,0,"Sep 19, 2006"
10,"I agree with Amazon.com's rave review for this album (which has not been included here for some reason). This disc is just pure awesomeness.",0,0,"Sep 22, 2006"
8,"Mastodon Rulz.The only reason i'm not giving it a ten is the 16 min gap between the end of song 12 and the hidden message from Josh Homme.",0,0,"Sep 26, 2006"
10,"Awsome",0,0,"Feb 12, 2007"
9,"I don't usually 'get' metal but I can't stop listening to this album. The playing is outstanding.",0,0,"Mar 14, 2007"
10,"Mastodon are a great band and the album overall is a 10.",0,0,"May 26, 2007"
5,"The 20/100 review got it right, even if it was a bit harsh: Mastodon ditched the tectonic, visceral force of Leviathan for technical acrobatics and flashy wankery, something that many other, more technically proficient bands outplay them at anyway. Mastodon were best when they knew the power of the riff and the power of pure fucking METAL; this is an unwanted sideventure into wankage. Colony of Birchmen and Siberian Divide are cool, I suppose, but Capillarian Crest is just pointless wankery that drives me up a fucking wall. Still a decent album, and better than most mainstream metal.",0,0,"Jan 13, 2008"
9,"Of the 11 tracks on Blood Mountain, Mastodon produce several MODERN metal masterpeices. Combinding the low growls, screams and hard gravel singing of bassist Troy Sanders and guitarist Brent Hinds with the poweful and fast druming of Brann Dailor and Bill Kelliher also on guitars, Mastodon cant be stopped. With only a small dip into the great rock ballad with their song 'Mortal Soil' Mastodon keep it rockin hard while also bringing a new listening experiences to not only metal and rock lovers but to some of the mainstream. A must buy for all!",0,0,"Dec 29, 2007"
10,"i'm a huge metal fan so i couldn't miss this album it is just amazing and i dont know how ppl could hate on this band or this album i love it and dont understand how ppl can't",0,0,"Sep  4, 2011"
8,"first of all mastodon are great and this is a great album there is a lot of great songs on it i also like how it is a good change of pace then there first album was it has a bit of everything progressive and thrash so all in all a very good album",0,0,"Jan  5, 2012"
10,"From the opening track onward, Mastodon take you through a majestic progressive metal heaven. Arguably some of the best drumming ever, combined with technical guitar riffs, make this the most memorable Mastodon album to date.",0,0,"Jun 21, 2014"
8,"Slayer's best album since Season's, the album's higlight's are the the track's Flesh Storm, Jihad and Cult, could of used more of Hanneman's songwriting, but it's still a good album.",1,1,"Jul 20, 2009"
10,"As great as 'Reign in Blood' is, this might be Slayer's best album yet. From the opening riff of Flesh Storm, to the closing note of Supremisy, this album is metal perfection! I'd also like to give a big WELCOME BACK to Dave Lombardo!",1,1,"Sep  7, 2006"
10,"Among the three best Slayer album. Cult and flesh storm are absolutely great songs",1,1,"Oct 12, 2006"
10,"Absolutely awesome!",1,1,"Sep  5, 2006"
1,"Slayer are so lame! Winger had bigger balls and guitars...not to mention the sexy Kipp Winger. Whateven Slayer has done, Winger has done it 10X better!! Go get a Winger album and find out for yourself!!",2,4,"Oct 17, 2006"
9,"Fantastically consistent and energetic.",0,0,"Aug 18, 2006"
9,"25 years and many albums in and Slayer is at their peak. Not only does 'Christ Illusion' hold it's own with their un-holy trinty of 'Hell Awaits', 'Reign In Blood' and 'South of Heaven' - it manges at times to eclipse. World events being what they are, Slayer's rage at religion and war seem more warranted and important than ever.",0,0,"Aug 21, 2006"
10,"Kicks asssssssssssssssssssss.. I will always buy new Slayer shit.",0,0,"Sep 14, 2006"
10,"Drums and death have never sounded so harmonious. Very impressive return to form, this is a Slayer CD.",0,0,"Sep  7, 2006"
7,"Christ illusions has its great moments like the opening track Flesh Storm,also Jihad,Catalyst,Consfearacy and supremist are exellent! The rest of the tracks are the avarage Slayer. After listening hunred times over i would say that it is not the best Slayer album,but it is not the worst!",0,0,"Nov 19, 2006"
9,"When I was a teenager I never was a big Slayer fan. Now twenty years later and in my mid-thirties I finally get it: Those guys kick ass!",0,0,"Oct 12, 2006"
10,"This is one of the best metal albums you will hear in 2006. The return of DL on drums makes this there best album since Seasons. You can still hear some of the Nu-Metal experiments from the last couple albums, but overall they have tried to return to the sound that made them who they are. Who are they you say? The best Thrash-Metal band that has ever existed!",0,0,"Aug 18, 2006"
8,"Reggie S, that is the most hilarious thing I have ever read. Comparing Slayer to Winger. Wow! 'She's only seventeeeen!' Yeah baby.",0,0,"Nov  1, 2007"
5,"Christ Illusion is littered with nu-metal gayness. Tom's voice is crap, the lyrics are childish, and every song has some nu-metal sounding crap . There are 2-3 decent tracks. Jihad starts off with something you'd expect from Blink 182 - so that song is crap. Yeah, the song speeds up, but I cant look past that horrid beginning. Sure, all the trendwhores will love this album, but old Slayer fans will be disapointed.",0,0,"Mar 26, 2007"
10,"Slayer don't write bad songs. Go buy this and all the other Slayer albums if u don't already have them. These people above talking about nu-metal are very ignorant. Having a more groove(post-thrash) and death sounding style doesn't have anything to do with gay nu-metal (Kerry King was friends with Pantera not KORN...). If you don't like hearing different tunings and different keys in songs then you are most likely not musically gifted. Just listen to the art these dude create. SLAYER!!!!!!",0,0,"Dec 29, 2008"
7,"Although this album may seem to be unfocused rage at first, you will find that 'Christ Illusion' is an insightful look into such subjects, such as the 9/11 crisis and religious excuses for violence and destruction. From the start of 'Flesh Storm', to the others such as 'Eyes of the Insane', and 'Jihad', the album is like making a shake in the blender with monster, red bull, and coffee all mixed together. That is the overall feel of the album, until we get to the songs 'Consfearacy', 'Catatonic', and 'Black Serenade'. But 'Cult' brings the album back into its blender feel again. Overall, this is a good album by itself, but it doesn't achieve everything that a Slayer album should be able to achieve, with its lack of guitar solos. However, Araya's vocals are excellent in this album. Give 'Christ Illusion a good listen, you will be satisfied well enough.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2012"
9,"This marvelous album is the biggest comeback after World Painted Blood. It gave the signals of World Painted Blood. Christ Illusion includes amazing songs such as Flesh Storm, Cult, Supremist and Catalyst. 9 out of 10 for this comeback.",0,0,"Feb  8, 2014"
6,"While I'm always excited to hear new Helmet, the last two albums (Size Matters & Monochrome) have been somewhat of a letdown. There are a few good tunes, but Page's vocals feel a little bit forced and the lyrics seem uninspired.",0,0,"Sep  6, 2006"
10,"Helmet are back to their best with this new line up and more aggresive vocals from frontman Page Hamilton.",0,0,"Aug 18, 2006"
7,"This is pretty good. Better than anything since Betty. Played like they mean it...it's been a while!",0,0,"Aug 23, 2006"
7,"I'm a huge Helmet fan, so maybe I had unreasonable expectations. This is a good album, but not on the level of previous efforts. Page's voice has always been an acquired taste, but I used to really enjoy it. He has changed his vocal style on many of the tracks on Monochrome, sounding like any other generic metal warbler. Helmet has been an influence on countless bad metal bands over the years, but the influence seems to be bouncing back in the other direction. Not a good thing. That being said, this album shows there is still a lot of life in Page and Co. and hopefully, something in the future will give excellent albums, like Meantime or Aftertaste a run for their money.",0,0,"Sep 20, 2006"
5,"Leagues above Size Matters, yet nothing much compared to the early years of the band. Page's voice is on its way out, too. Still, I commend his drive to get back to what made Helmet matter in the first place.",0,0,"Aug 23, 2006"
6,"The music in Monochrome is what you'd expect from a Helmet album, but the singing not so much.  Not sure if the notes were out of his range or what, but it turned me off of this album.",0,0,"Jan 12, 2011"
2,"Boring over the top highschool metal for kids between the 12 and 16 years old.",1,1,"Jun 28, 2006"
5,"After Start something and The Fake Sound of Progress this album seems like a major step down. I used to go to LProphets to get pumped but they've changed both their look and their sound and I don't like the change",1,1,"Apr 27, 2008"
2,"Why were they born?",0,1,"Jul 30, 2006"
10,"this is the best cd i have. all the songs on it are great.",0,1,"Jan 12, 2007"
8,"Different but still good, I would enjoy if the old lostprophets came back a little bit.",0,0,"Jan  8, 2007"
10,"I love everything about them",0,0,"Oct  5, 2006"
8,"Overall a great album, something very unexpected was the change in tone n pace of the album in comparrison to SS. SS had great fast-oaced, heavier tracks such as We are godzilla, you are japan n start something. yet this album slows the pace down a bit n brings it down a notch in terms of heaviness. I found that a pleasant change but still a bit dissappointing as I have always loved the heavy prophets. best track is deffinately rooftops, its like the next installment to possibly their best n most famous hit, last train home, n so it means great success. loses points for loss in pace n heaviness but gains points for lyrics and overall music. 'prophet fans will love.",0,0,"Jul 21, 2006"
6,"i'm still a fan of the band, but this album is definetly weak.. lostprophets became just another pop-bublle gum-rock-band, which are so popular these days.. there are a couple of good tracks here, but the album can't compare to the first two.. sad :( i've heard them say, that they are progressing in music, exploring new hights, but i would never call this kind of album a progression, becoming dull and average is not going forward guys!",0,0,"Jul 24, 2006"
9,"great album,one step more,its the right way",0,0,"Jul 27, 2006"
9,"The great concept of Start Something has evolved and is brought close to perfection on this album! The record boasts catchy and smart choruses though some of the songs lack certain incentive found in the Start Something inspired ones. LT falls short of being as career defining as SS, but is as good or even better than SS.",0,0,"Jul  3, 2006"
9,"LostProphets",0,0,"Jul  3, 2006"
10,"simply brilliant.",0,0,"Aug  7, 2006"
8,"Love it...yeah its not heavy like thefakesoundofprogress or start something but its still lostprophets and its still brilliant.",0,0,"Jan 25, 2010"
0,"What happened to the fist-pumping explosion of pure energy that was the fake sound of progress? What happened to the orchestrated hard rock balladry of Start Something? Its disgusting to think about what these guys might do for another hour of airtime on MTV or mainstream radio stations. When I listen to the highlights of their first album, the fake sound of progress, I just think, yes! This is what metal is all about. And to think, with proper production and a little time they could have made the best nu-metal album to date. Instead they changed, some argue for the better, they certainly sold more. The new sound wasn't all that bad again. It was refined and crisp. But now they have taken another step into the abyssmal pit of pop-rock. To me, it sounded like avril lavigne, but instead a guy was singing. And that's fine if you're 14 and like to sing in front of the mirror.",0,0,"Nov 16, 2006"
4,"not good it all sounds the same except rooftops",0,0,"Jul 12, 2006"
10,"This Album Rocks",0,0,"Aug 26, 2006"
10,"It's catchy, fun and rocking at its finest. No need for existentialism and monstrous depth, just good tunes.",0,0,"Sep 26, 2006"
10,"THE ALBUM ROCKS!!!! everyone who gave it 9 and below, u all suck",0,0,"Jan 11, 2007"
0,"Awful album! Stop sounding so American...your from Pontyprydd for Christ's sake!",0,0,"Oct 14, 2008"
9,"I really thought this could be the best album this year aswell i thought AvA would be super amazing but it just falls short by the side. I first heard Rooftops and thought wow this is good stuff great vocals and a nice break will a druum fill then 3rd time it kinda seemed really samey. now this albums weak track to me has to be rooftops for its lack of not only musicianship but also its repetative-ness lol all the over songs are great but they dnt have the 'stadium' sound that SS had.but it is alot more catchy and the lyrics arnt as cliche (cheesey) as they were in SS. Great album but could have been a master piece ( also was it a good thing that mike left?)",0,0,"Jul 16, 2006"
4,"I'll have to agree with Dylan L. They completely sold out for the cash. Granted everyone does, but they changed from Nu-Rock to pop-punk. A huge genre shift that made a lot of people angry. They went to the 'non-conformist' crowd scene, which is actually larger than their original rock metal scene (how ironic). Want proof? Look at their image in 'Shinobi vs. Dragon Ninja' video and then watch 'Rooftops'. They went from Linkin Park to AFI, and that makes me sad, they had an awesome sound that now tainted. They album isn't bad, but these guys are not Lostprophets anymore.",0,0,"Mar 12, 2007"
9,"I wasn't a big fan of Start Something which I thought suffered from too much production (yes, it sounded too slick) and not enough musical ideas. That aside, I had fairly low expectations for this album. This really surprised me and has become one of my favorite pop/rock albums (yes, it's definitely more pop than metal) because of how catchy and melodic it is. Sure, the songs have dumb names, but they're great.",0,0,"Sep 28, 2008"
10,"It's safe to say that most of these critics probably spend too much time judging the 'quality' and 'ability' of several genres; in doing so, I think they somewhat lose their perception on what is inspirational. Songs aren't meant to be a 'ballad of the moment.' Songs are supposed to move people, motivating them to become something more than themselves. If you ask me, the critics are all on pot, not the listeners. They are on something else entirely. One of my favorite albums of all time, and I've listened to far too many different genres, from Kenny Rogers' 'First Edition' to 'all the damn Li'l's in rap music today.'",4,4,"May  1, 2008"
3,"I have been a huge tool fan for years and have seen them perform several times. But, unfortunately, Pitchfork nailed it. They did make an A Perfect Circle album, with one improvement, Danny Carey on drums. The hole point of A Perfect Circle, in my opinion, was for Maynard to show a different side of himself. But it sounds like he's become confused which band he is singing in. The band is OK at the best of times, on this record, but Maynards vocals are mearly half as powerful or intense as before. The droaning soundscapes were easily ignorable in the past, becaue they were followed by epic, hard hitting rock songs that knocked you on your a**. Now, Tool fans have to sit through eleven minutes of ambient guitar noise, to here another eleven minute tune that never really takes off or delivers. Which is the problem with songs like Vicarious and Jambi, they are so close to exploding and being the glorious rock tunes Tool once made, but instead they hold back, and you feel like you've just wasted ten minutes waiting for something that was never going to happen. Truely Disapointing.",1,1,"May  2, 2006"
7,"I gave this a 7 because I expected more from Tool especially after their last album. This deserves a 7, no need to really expound on it. Any Tool fan should agree on the 7.",1,1,"May  3, 2006"
5,"Your comments are meaningless ..beware the new world order.",2,4,"Apr 21, 2008"
3,"I find it laughable that people clamour to tool, like a flock of mindless sheep.",1,3,"Oct 21, 2006"
0,"Okay, I don't normally do this (Put a review here without hearing the album) but I've got to. Listen, I hate Tool, and their fans (Pretentious internet nerds, thanks guy). But something I hate more is the fan that raves, thinks that tool is a fucking blessing from God and doesnt capitolize his 'I's' or spell gotten 'Gotton'. Cool guys.",0,1,"May  3, 2006"
9,"If you can't take long songs just go back to your Fall Out Boy and Simple Plan. If you're a fan of Tool you'll love this album. The one review is correct, this is exactly what a Tool album should sound like, but it is definitely unique.",0,1,"May  3, 2006"
1,"One of the most bland, lyrically daft offerings in ages. Experimental? Hardly. Oh goody, they can switch time signatures; can they record a memorable song? The answer is, of course, an emphatic 'NO.' Tool ape Pink Floyd and the countless other (talentless) metal bands out there, but end up sounding like caustic tripe. I'd rather listen to gifted musicians and lyricists who can actually turn a phrase, thank you very much. There's a reason certain artists are critically acclaimed: did The Arcade Fire, The White Stripes, or Franz Ferdinand ever feel the need to record an album full of meandering, bland, overlong, pretentious twaddle? I didn't think so; they've actually got something worth saying. Of course, Tool fans will devour this like manna from the Heavens, or at least like Maynard James Keenan's constantly regurgitated, consistently meaningless, self-important feces. Another stinker from a band that believes it has Something Important to say; the only ones who pay it any heed, though, are Tool's daft, stoned fanbase.",0,1,"Aug  1, 2006"
3,"All the pomp and pretention of Pink Floyd's classic Atom Heart Mother - minus the strings, horns, chorus, and interesting musical ideas. High concept with the emphasis on the HIGH. The CD package (featuring Alex Grey's hypercool psychedelic artwork) with 3D viewer and all, is way more fun than the sonic silliness it contains.",0,1,"Nov 25, 2006"
9,"Obviously Stylus Magazine doesn't know what the words 'Progressive Rock' mean. And the writer from Pitchfork has never listed to A Perfect Circle. The 'wannabe-journalists' that wrote those great pieces probably enjoy listening to Nickelback. Great album as usual, Tool always surpases expectations. A little too much 'Intermission style' songs, but that is always expected from Tool. But Vicarious, Jambi, The Pot, Rosetta Stoned, 10,000 Days...amazing songs. Go buy this album IMMEDIATELY, otherwise, you'll end up being a Nickelback fan, or an opinianated 'journalist'. And you wouldn't want to end up like that, would you?",0,0,"May  2, 2006"
10,"An amazing record. A completely reinvented Tool puts out their most bluesy album. The rejection of violence and hope for maintaining peace of mind are the prodominant themes. It will take several listens to get this cd! Like all great records you are not prepared by the radio for innovation.",0,0,"May  2, 2006"
10,"Simply fantastic. Highly complex and detailed, dark and rhythmic yet musical and vulnerable.",0,0,"May  2, 2006"
9,"Is a great albun very dark and moody .I love it It seems like tool did it again!",0,0,"May  2, 2006"
9,"I'll preface this by saying that I love Tool, but that they are not my all time favorite band. Everyone knows those people who live and die with every word Maynard James Keenan says writes or sings, I'm not one of them. That being said I listen to Tool as much as or more than any other band in a given week, month or year. I have had this album for a little over a week and contrary to what you may have heard or read this is not their best album. I think both Lateralus and Aenima are better albums, however, I think those are two of the greatest albums ever made. I gave this album is a solid 9, there are parts where Tool blows me away with their musicianship, song crafting and originality. In my opinion, the talent in this band rivals any band in music and probably in music history. Their influence will be felt for generations, this album included. That being said this album tends to drag at points and does not have the same 'WOW' factor as Tool's previous work. But then again, who does ? The case and artwork are amazing and the album maybe the best album released this year by anyone. I would definitely pick it up if you haven't already.",0,0,"May  2, 2006"
10,"The critics are harsh on art i guess...don't understand pitchfork's review. its like they think all these mostly crappy indie bands they are obsessed with will change rock. TOOL has changed rock since the early 90's this CD is a step forward in the journey of the amazing TOOL!! BUY IT",0,0,"May  2, 2006"
10,"love it!!",0,0,"May  2, 2006"
0,"More mastubatory tripe from every internet nerd's favorite band. Nothing particularly interesting except for the new level of pretentious attained by Maynard James Keenan. Don't let anyone fool you into thinking this rehash is 'deep'.",0,0,"May  2, 2006"
10,"Amazing album...Reviews dont know what they are talking about because this album is a grower. Tool has defidently gotton better.",0,0,"May  2, 2006"
9,"Definitely an epic work that needs time to fully sink in. The level of musicianship and composition here truly shines head and shoulders above just about anything else out there right now. Tool has delivered once again on all levels. Their masterpiece has already been made, but this continues their dedication to delivering top-notch music.",0,0,"May  2, 2006"
10,"im pretty sure the critics did not listen to the same cd i did. this cd is not mostly made up of soundscapes or filler tracks, nor is it a perfect circle. it might not be a total departure from lateralus, but why would someone expect a band to totally change its sound? i think this cd is great, its extremely intense, much more personal, and has some really great heavy rock songs in there too. i hate pitchfork media",0,0,"May  2, 2006"
2,"Tool plays a 5 year April Fools joke.",0,0,"May  2, 2006"
8,"As a Tool fan, it's unfortunately not as great as expected. But I definately don't regret buying it and encourage others to buy it because it is a whole lot more than just your average album.",0,0,"May  2, 2006"
10,"I love it! From the amazing album cover art and features! To the change of Maynard's voice and stretching himself! To Danny and his amazing drums, with Adam taking a more important role in the album. It is amazing!",0,0,"May  2, 2006"
9,"First, I don't know what stylus and pitchfork were smoking but it seems like they have an axe to grind with Tool. Maybe they were declined interviews or weren't allowed to hang with the band after a show. This albums is excellent, it may not be Lateralus or AEnema but it is TOOL. I guess since their style changed over the past 4 albums that people expected this to be the album that redifed music. Maybe they liked the sound they achieved with Lateralus and wanted to expand on it more, not change again. If you look at all their albums each became longer and more elaborate climaxing with Lateralus. They found the sound that they were looking for and now are creating music in that style. Im sure this will grow on people over time but for me it is a welcome addition to my collection and will be played many times over listening to all the little nuances in Dannys drumming as well as the rest of the bands playing.",0,0,"May  2, 2006"
5,"Lateralus was an excellent album. One of the best of the past 10 years. Unfortunately, this is nowhere close to it. There are a few good songs, but nothing that comes even close to their last two records. Huge disappointment.",0,0,"May  2, 2006"
8,"Well, the wait is finally over. Another Tool album comes over the horizon to plunge our lives into darkness once again and the results are great, for the most part. Songs like Vicarious and Jambi kick the album off to a rocking start with vintage Tool riffing, more predominant bass playing by Justin Chancellor and Danny Carey is completely on his game (like always!). The 17 minute long Wings/10,000 days epic is haunting, to say the least, with a thunderstorm building in the background while the song builds to a crescendo. I must say that I was taken by surprise by The Pot, with it's Shannon Hoon-esque vocals, and it is definitely one of the highlights on the album for me. However, I was taken aback by Rosetta Stoned (is Maynard rapping at the beginning? hard to tell by the gravelly vox going at 200wpm) and I swear I almost fell asleep by the time Right in Two finally kicked in, but overall I would have to give the album an 8/10. Remniscent of their previous albums, but in a good way - hints of Third Eye splash about while the soundscape rolls into Lateralus-style riffing as touches of Undertow and Opiate abound. So remember that while 8/10 might not seem like the greatest score for a Tool album, it is essentially the same as a 4-star score and certainly better than the critics have given the band so far. 10,000 days must definitely be seen to be heard, especially with the awesome cd packaging and the nifty 3D goggles. Right on! Two thumbs up (sort of)",0,0,"May  2, 2006"
8,"this is their most accesible album to date, pure tool that said it relies too much on signature without going past their comfortable boundaries.",0,0,"May  2, 2006"
10,"great cd. if you think other wise give it another shot. the music is haunting the lyrics and vocals are downright bone shattering. not in a loud kind of way but maynard once again hits that vunerable human factor in all of us. this is not aenima or lateralus. this is tool and their new cd so dont expect the same. in time just like all their cds it will be seen as a classic. a 10 out of 10 best cd of 2006 by far. great great great cd!!!",0,0,"May  2, 2006"
9,"How does the new Pearl Jam album (which is crappy at best) have better scores than this? I can't stop listening to this amazing album...Vicarious, Jambi, Wings for Marie (both parts), The Pot, Rosetta Stonned, Right In Two...how can this album be bad? Tool fans will not be disappointed unless they are expecting the second coming of AEnima or Lateralus. I actually think it is as good as Lateralus.",0,0,"May  2, 2006"
10,"NOT Lateralus 2, NOT Aenima 2. Just different. Open your mind and let it sink. This is an amazing album.",0,0,"May  2, 2006"
4,"Most overrated band over the last 25 years.",0,0,"May  2, 2006"
10,"Masterpiece and progression of Tool style. Critics got it all wrong. This album need more than one listen. The more you hear it the more you understand it. Remember Lateralus? It was the same story. People and critics got all weird about it at first, but later on it became number one.",0,0,"May  2, 2006"
8,"The people that are voting low obviously are not tool fans...if you are a tool fan than there is nothing not to like overall. However, it gets an 8 because its not better than some of their previous work and it gets a little slow toward the middle, but overall...IT ROCKS...if you like tool.",0,0,"May  2, 2006"
8,"I'm a big TOOL fan and I have to say, like others voters here, that I've been quite surprised of reading some reviews, e.g. the Stylus magazine's... I would say that '10'000 Days' is probably not the best album Tool has ever made (I prefer Lateralus and most of all Aenima) but the band introduced some great parts, especially Justin (bass) who really drives the musical process. Some tracks like 'Vicarious' are classic stuff, and 'Jambi' and 'The Pot' express heavy structures... but songs like '10 000 Days' and 'Intension' expose more 'psychedelic-like' atmospheres. The main negative point for me is that there are only 11 tracks and intermissions like 'Lost Keys' and 'Viginti Tres' are quite useless... I would have given a '9' if there was another solid track",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
10,"You can definitely see some of the influences the band were talking about. I dont know why some people are saying it has filler, in this respect it is like every tool album. Very good in my opinion and a step in the right direction.",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
9,"Hello people, every good band has an album like this in their career. Where they try something new and pepper it with their old sound. I see this as a transition album. Only bad thing is, we have to wait another 4-5 years to see what they're transitioning to, But if any experiment is worth hearing, it's Tool's.",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
8,"Dissapointing to an extent but not a dissapointment, but giving it an 8 for having faults is still damn good, and proves even with not a great Album TOOL still beats a lot of crap already out there... this album starts to grow on you, and it is definitelty meant to listen to with a good sound system or in your car so you can notice all the nuances, subtletys and transitions from progression of the tracks, now my gripe is there is a bit too much ambience that bogs it down 'Vicarious', 'Pot' 'Jambi' and Rosetta Stoned' are to me the best songs, Maynard really tries to find new range vocally in 'Pot' but there is just enough familarity in the riffs, beats and voice to make me think of Aneima and Undertow which is good, TOOL seems to be going with the sound and flow of Laterlus, that was apparent when we all first heard Vicarious which opens much like Schism (but is way better than Schism I think), I would of liked more sing song hard driving songs like Pot and Jambi to make up more of the CD, I guess I am a bit picky with this more deep, dense and slow direction bieng I love TOOL so much, but there is quite a bit here which is good.... on another note TOOL should get the best CD packaging of the year award, the view finder combo is a trip, I want to try listening to the album while viewing their art.",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
10,"Most music these days is like seeing pictures of the Grand Canyon. They look nice but you don't really feel anything when looking at them. 10,000 Days is like actually going there...",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
1,"Been a long time Tool fan and waited with much anticipation for this album but am very disappointed. I think they have finally dropped the ball. I don't know if they're getting pretentious and insulated or the fact that they produced this one themselves but the album is a failure. I've been listening to it repeatedly, desperately reaching for something deeper but the structure is the same as the previous, the guitar work very formulaic for Tool and the lyrics bland and clich. I was really surprised, I thought Tool, especially Maynard with his art/politics stance would take this opportunity in our time and culture and make the watershed political art album of the decade (ie. The Wall). Instead it's just more of the same with a lot of self indulgent atmospheric noise. This is their worst music to date...might be time to consider dissolving the band. They should be embarrassed to release it. And the fans that disagree with this assessment are lying to themselves or are too young to relate to the larger scope and potential of the previous music. And as I'm sure Maynard would agree, there is no greater crime than lying to oneself by pledging blind loyalty to a failed endeavor...no matter how much you'd like to see them succeed. Sorry guys, you lost me on this one but thanks for the oldies.",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
2,"Terrible. Stagnant riffs, awfully ham-fisted lyrics and the production seems to have taken a step back to the Undertow era. This is not a career highlight. The packaging is digusting, too.",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
7,"It's more of the same, which is an actual shame for a band like tool. On first listen, I wanted to sing along older lyrics with these new tracks. That's not a good sign. The music doesn't cut it anymore for me. The rating's for their attitude. And the goggles. And Bill Hicks.",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
8,"Well I can't give it a perfect vote as of yet since I only bought the cd yesterday but I am baffled as to how critics decided on their view of the album only a day after it has been released. I really doubt they have given the album a few listens over, yet probably skimmed through each song with the fast forward button and then made their final opions. Critics are a joke. please read chuck klosterman for further opions on critics. pitchfork media is also the same medium that rated mars volta's frances the mute a 2 out of 10. haha! what a joke.",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
0,"Tool fans, the band is laughing at you. If you think this CD is worthwhile you are an idiotic sheep. Go back, listen to their previous albums and then put the new one in....it's trash.",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
10,"This album reminds me very much of 'With Teeth' by NIN. The critics skewered it, but its a perfectly fine album in its own right. This album would have been the ideal follow up to Aenima, but I guess we were all spoiled by Lateralus. Of course Tool wasn't going to do Lateralus all over again. Much like Trent Reznor did on 'With Teeth', Tool revisted their earlier work on 10,000 days, and then experimented with it. It's a perfect mixture of old and new, with a deeply personal touch. This is a great album, definitely a must have. Don't listen to the critics...if you remember right, they all hated Aenima too...",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
10,"There have been a lot of poor reviews of this album in the 39 hours since its release, and frankly this upsets me. The main complaints seem to be that the album doesn't flow like Lateralus, or have the hard hitting rhythms of Aenima. I say - Who Cares? We're talking about a band that has put out four distinctly different full length albums in their 16 year history, each of which have their own evolved themes and timbre. This album is a reflection of those things which made us need Tool to begin with, and offers a big middle finger to those casual Tool listeners that think they're dissapointed. Another reviewer said they are too 'A perfect circle' like... did it ever occur to him that since Mers de Noms that A Perfect Circle is too Tool like? I'm not saying that is is their best offering to date, but comparing tool albums is pointless. The fact of the matter is that this album ROCKS; and anyone of these critics that want to say otherwise... leran to swim!",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
10,"heavy at times, with fantastic interludes, this album is something you won't want to miss. danny's mandala drums are sick, and maynard's play with vocals are an important departure for the band. yea, and pitchfork is the worst thing going.",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
10,"LIsten to this at least twice before forming any opinion. This is a great album. Why? Because its NOT like everything else they've done. It rocks in spots and meditates in others. The packaging is the best I've ever seen. It has an energizing quality that Lateralus had. It is easily the best rock album that will come out this year, not just because I like them, but because years from now when your Strokes and White Stripes Cd's have gathered more dust than a dead man's apartment, you'll be just beginning to grasp the power and depth of this masterpiece!",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
3,"Are we listening to the same CD? This CD stinks. Not what I would expect from Tool. Great recording session though nice clean crisp and clear. No sense of dirrection for me though, does nothing for me. A couple of good songs, but most of the CD is noise to me. And um, guys.... the rainstorm effect has been done by someone else called the Doors. Ide give it a lower score than 3, but its not country music..... yet.",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
5,"it's not that bad.... problem is, it's not that good either.",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
9,"First of all, Maynard is the best rock voice out there right now, simple as that. This is probably not their best cd to date, but after a 5yr wait, I definitely am not complaining. And how does this NOT sound like a Tool album? You could play me the 1st 2 notes of any of the songs and it screams Tool. I don't get it, what are 'critics' looking for? Amazing vocals, tight musicianship, a distinct sound, etc. Tool is the leader of the pack in my opinion, and unfortunately, the gap between them and the rest of the pack is far to wide.",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
9,"Tool is a band that you need to adapt to, you cant just listen to their cd the first time and love it. I admit i was slightly disappointed in it first time i listened, but it grows on me alot more everytime i hear it, just like every other album of theirs. I dont exactly know what to rate it as, because i will probably end up liking it more. I do wish it was harder, because tool is the only band that can be incredibly heavy and have a real message unlike just about every other band. That's the only thing that hold it to a 9, except for the fact that i like their previous efforts a little more than this one. And the Bill T kid that gave it a zero, you pretty much just admitted that you're internet nerd. Not only did you listen to the whole cd and rate it, but you even had the nerve to call other tool fans internet nerds, when you're the one whose using fancy words for sperm.",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
9,"Bill T is a jackass.",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
10,"wow, what an album!!! i love how Tools albums always change each time. They keep getting better and better!!! Tool is the best band in the last 20 years!",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
9,"I think people are missing the picture here. Comparable to other Tool music it is tough to gauge what 10,000 days is all about. Their are certainaly hints of Tool ripping off some of their old tricks from other albums. But having listened to this album about 6 times now, i realize that the same tricks have merely been fine tuned and that this album has probably 3-4 of the strongest Tool tracks ever. Jambi is unbelievable, Wings part 1 and 2 are fantastic, The Pot is off the hook. The album just kicks @$$, period. It seems as though people forget that even crappy Tool is better the 90% of the other stuff out there. And thank goodness, this isn't crappy Tool. Give it 3 or 4 listens and you will realize how rock hard 10,00 daqys is!",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
10,"The record begins with the powerful single and gradually takes you in for an auditive journey, only the experienced listener can dare to critisize this album, it is a masterpiece, the sound is as good as it's art and it allows you to truly get hypnotized through time...",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
8,"This is a challenging album. Like previous Tool material these albums take time to sink in and I find it hard to be extreme either way right now. What I am impressed with is how Tool seems to be trying something. I don't know what, but I do know it is something pretty cool. Their power is undeniable and if you like Tool, you will really enjoy this album. 10,000 Days seems like an album that is getting the band back in sink and the NEXT one will blow your mind. In the mean time, this is still a really good listen.",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
7,"'Vicarious' is a pretty good structured song, fractured by weak drumming. 'jambi' is probably the worst song off the album, the ugly, chugging notes are clearly trying to reach the godsmack/nu-metal crowd. Both 'wings for marie' and '10,000 days' worked nicely together. The lyrics are heartfelt and personal. 'Rosetta-Stoned' and 'Right in Two' are great sounding songs, rehased from their previous catalogue. The atmosphere and sound effects didn't really bother me. The focus here is more ethereal than pseudo spirituality, right? All in all, musically, this Tool's least impressive record. My major complaint is the sub-par drumming, Danny Carey is probably the most talented modern drummer. The drumming missed all the right stop-and-fire dynamics from the previous records. There isn't much air between the tenor and Jones' polyrythms. Lyrically, it's less embarrasing than Lateralus. Some of the songs sound more like lazy, b-sides off Lateralus.",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
9,"By far Tool's overall best effort to date. I can see some people not getting it right away, but there is nothing else out there even close to this right now. Replay value is limitless.",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
9,"This album, although not as introspective as Lateralus, still has some of Tool's best work to date. Songs like Vicarious and 10,000 Days make the album pleasurable to listen to on repeat, and even what many would consider 'filler' material (which Tool is prone to use) keep the album moving along nicely. And of course, Alex Grey's artwork is worth the price of the CD alone.",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
6,"I hate pitchfork media to. But this is the worst record of tool. And i guess the worst record cover of all time, No joke. by the way, who really cares about a perfect circle. Tool is the shit. Nothing compare. Maybe from the 'outside',pitchfork are doin great in that sens.",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
1,"It bored me to tears and I like their old stuff.",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
10,"Best music on the shelf since 2001.",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
4,"This album is a mess. Maynard attempts a song cycle on 'Separation' as the flip side of the Lateralus 'unity' theme, and manages lyrics that range from uncomfortably personal ('Wings for Marie') to simplistic ('Vicarious') to inane (everything else). Not only is it weird that the band that encouraged religious exploration is embracing Judeo-christian mythology ('10,000 days', 'Right in Two'), none of it exhibits the sense of humor and play that colored their previous records. Gone is the meta level joke of Art Bell phone calls, Sacred geometry and negative ions, and in its place are 'whatchoo talkin bout' and 'sh- the bed again'. Musically its all over the place: there's an attempt to impose a definable hook and song structure to 'Vicarious' and 'right in two', but 'Jambi' is nearly unlistenable, and nothing else coheres in any interesting way: 'intention' drones on with no creshendo, 'rosetta stoned' plays like a collection of random toolish riffs and sounds. The band is at least honest with the failure: the janus faced cover art speaks to the confusion and lack of direction exhibited here. Pull out your copy of Lateralus and listen to that instead. Maybe the mysticsm of 2012 will inspire a better record 7 years from now when they issue a follow up to this one.",0,0,"May  4, 2006"
10,"Inspiring and evolving. Amazing album.",0,0,"May  4, 2006"
10,"music is about feeling and interpretation so no one is going to agree completely...having said that you can agree on musicianship and talent and this album proves once again the members of Tool can play some damn good rock songs. from a personal perspective, i feel the record is a reflection of growth for the band the tracks are good 'old school' metal tunes, the lyrics are quite well written and in the end its a record, at it worst, that is better then the corp. rock that is out there right now (ie anything ever done by Nickleback) and at its best makes it into your musical rotation for now. because in the end that's really what it comes down to. if you are going to take the time to ACTUALLY LISTEN (and not judge it by a single you heard a few times on the radio driving to work) to a record and you want to hear it again then the band has done their job.",0,0,"May  4, 2006"
10,"Best Tool album (so far).",0,0,"May  4, 2006"
10,"For anyone to think that Tool was going to be anything similar to their previous albums, dont understand Tool one *&%damn bit. This CD is nearly perfect in every way, and to my delight I might enjoy just much if not more than Lateralus. The musicians have really taken their personal progression to new heights while I have never heard Maynard so personal. He comes off like he's finally divulging to his true fans some deepseeded pain hes lived with for so long. It is powerful and beautiful.",0,0,"May  4, 2006"
0,"i wanna fuck maynard in the ass with my huuuuuge tool.",0,0,"May  4, 2006"
9,"Another good effort from the band. There is a lot going on with the instrumentation and it takes several listens to fully enjoy it.",0,0,"May  4, 2006"
5,"What you are buying here is an EP in disguise as a 70+ minute rock album. I loved Tool's last three, but there is just too much wasted space on this album. Tracks 3 and 7 just feature the same riff over and over, and tracks 6, 9 and 11 are just wasted space with no purpose. That leaves tracks 1, 2, 4, 5, 8 and 10 as the only real songs, and track 8 sounds like a Slipknot song. At least tracks 1 and 2 are awesome and 4, 5 and 10 are okay. The packaging is way more interesting than this album was. So its really been a five year wait for a Tool EP.",0,0,"May  4, 2006"
10,"Unbelievable. This one takes patience to truly take shape. Been a fan since Undertow, this is as good as anything they've ever done.",0,0,"May  4, 2006"
10,"Better than Lateralus, not quite as good as Aenima...",0,0,"May  4, 2006"
2,"very dissapointed",0,0,"May  4, 2006"
5,"This album gets a 5. That's an average.. I give the songs written by TOOL a 10. I give the songs written by Yoko Ono a 0.. (number 9, number 9, number 9)",0,0,"May  4, 2006"
9,"Each album presents us with an evolution of the band. Although there are familiar elements of Lateralus here, the band seems determined to break new ground. I especially enjoyed Maynard James Keenan's vocals. He does not hesitate to show off his incredible versatility.",0,0,"May  4, 2006"
2,"Overwraught and underthought garbage. Stylus magazine really nailed it.",0,0,"May  4, 2006"
10,"They have gotten better. The songs are more intricate and layered. The guitar and drum work is amazing, and the changing time signatures really spice things up. This band knows how to play their instruments. They are so taleted, it's hard to listen to anything else without thinking how basic it sounds. The slow songs on the album take time to appreciate, but I think it's a new thing for Tool, and they have grown on me a lot. This album is incredibly consistent and well-paced. A+",0,0,"May  4, 2006"
0,"worst album ever",0,0,"May  4, 2006"
9,"I have to disagree with the critics,this is a really good album. I cant really explain why i like it, i just do. I would recommend you listen to it just once and decide for yourself.",0,0,"May  4, 2006"
5,"As a long time TOOL fan, i must say i was very dissapointed. i think the album is a huge step back not only stylistically but artistically as well. the thing i admire most about TOOL is their insane ability to grow leaps and bounds with each progessive album, Maynards abillity to challenge vocal structure and create lyrical genius, and the bands amazing timing structures while executing an overall level of musicianship and progession that makes the long time between albums bearable. this album did very little of this. to me it sounds like alot of undertow mixed in with influence from bands like disturbed, staind and apc, most def. a step back. i didnt feel the creativity, the excitment or geniune emotion that has been the hallmark of each TOOL album, and was perhaps perfect with Lateralus. i think Maynard for the most part dumbed down his lyrics, i was depressed with a lot of Adams seemingly uninspired riffs. Overall i feel this album could have been made by any other band, and TOOL is anything but. and as a long time die hard TOOL fan, it pains me, and dissapoints me but i have to give it a 5.",0,0,"May  4, 2006"
9,"Lots of subtle and complex songs which get better with repeated listens, which is what I think we've all come to expect from Tool. Its nice to finally hear Adam show off some of his impressive skill with the guitar. I could do with a few more focused and aggressive tracks and less prog meandering. It's a great album but still doesn't top Aenima.",0,0,"May  4, 2006"
9,"Excellent cd. Wings for marie and 10,000 days are as good as anything on any previous cd. I think it is more creative lyrically than Lateralus. Nothing is ever going to reach Aenima, that is something I accept, unfortunately tool is expected to surpass it and it probably isn't possible because Aenima was perfect.",0,0,"May  4, 2006"
9,"After giving this one several spins, I have decided: it's pretty dang good. It most certainly is not just a cheap rehash of Lateralus; the band moves in an odd new direction, as should be expected. It's probably not as good as Lateralus, but they have definitely broken new ground. Most impressive was Maynard's vastly expanded range, Jones' mind-bending solos, and especially Chancellor's absolutely superb bass work. Chancellor really stands out here, especially on the track 'The Pot.'",0,0,"May  4, 2006"
6,"Some of it works well. . .but only because it sounds a lot like Lateralus. The best trick the devil ever played was making the world believe he didn't exist. Well, the best trick Maynard ever played was making people think that he is actually 'deep, dark, and mysterious'. He'll probably make a pretty penny off this album tho, and his ego will once again be inflated by every other geek that tries to pick up something godlike from the re-hashed lyrics. Yes, Maynard like it up the rear. . .big deal.",0,0,"May  4, 2006"
10,"another chapter in the Book Of Tool...not one to pass up. Filled with hair raising breakdowns emotional lyrics. Better then any crap band could even dream about, these guys are gonna be in history books if you don't listen with an open mind then you don't deserve to listen at all. Tool is the best hands down.",0,0,"May  5, 2006"
8,"Someone should filter Bill T's 0. he obviously has not listened to or bought the album.",0,0,"May  5, 2006"
10,"Best. Tool. Album. Ever.",0,0,"May  5, 2006"
0,"Haven't heard it, but I'm sure it sucks, it's fun to laugh at Tool fans. They're morons.",0,0,"May  5, 2006"
9,"Who are you to waive your finger you must have been out your head.... this stuff is good",0,0,"May  5, 2006"
9,"Not as accessible as aenima but fantastic all the same. Similar to Lateralus in that it only has five 'songs' to speak of - but oh! they are as good as anything else they have ever done. Since this is prog metal this amounts to about 35-40mins of audio gold-dust and another 30 of 'interesting' filler. And not in the slightest bit like perfect circle save for the guys voice. Off you go! Buy it :) !",0,0,"May  5, 2006"
9,"Better after every listen. Though the album lacks the anthemic, driving sound found on earlier releases, the complexity and movement of the songs really make this a great record. Some may think it's pretentious, but if you sit down and let yourself completely engage in the musical movements, it stands out as Tool's finest work since Aenima.",0,0,"May  5, 2006"
10,"With 10,000 Days despite it being one of their favorite themes Tool does not evolve. They merely age and with mixed results. The effects on quality is a lack of the consistency which blessed their other albums. With that said the summit pieces of this album are so good they're tear inducing, and i mean that literally. You guys dont have to write another note to retain your spot at the top for all my lifetime, but please do.",0,0,"May  5, 2006"
5,"Tool's standard melodies come together disjointedly to create the first weak album in their catalog (compared to other tool records). Most of the record sounds like perfect circle out-takes.",0,0,"May  5, 2006"
9,"Most of the negative reviews are based on superficial comparisons to old albums. Yes, this album has classic Tool underpinings, but there are new rhythmic structures in there. Maynard isn't always deep and novel. But who is always deep and novel? Tool must put a lot of work into most songs. Anyone who thinks otherwise is too unfamiliar with how hard it is to write music. Also I noticed that most negative reviews are concerned with fan-bashing. I love that move: 'I'm not skilled enough to comment on the music itself, so I'll rip on the fans instead.'",0,0,"May  5, 2006"
10,"Love 10000 Days. I think Opiate and Undertow were Tool's april fool's jokes rather than Lateralus or 10000 Days. Just depends if you can evolve yourself as a person. Thats what they are doing. Rather than just putting out dreggy music for the 'unfairly treated youth'. This same youth can't seem to evolve from liking that 'I hate the world so I'm going to hit my member with a hammer' music. This album has alot to offer anyone with an IQ of at least 65 (right above retardation level) and an opened mind. Crucify your ego people, your arrogance and ignorance are so contrived. Evolve!",0,0,"May  5, 2006"
10,"I think that when people start realizing that the 10,000 days album is the begining of something great, and not an extension of APC or previous Tool albums they will realize that this is a great album. Did anybody ever thin that APC sounds like Tool instead of the other way. If I am now mistaken, Tool was around long before APC. Also, in reading the critics reviews, it sounds like they listend to it once and wrote their review. A word of advice to anyone reading this: Listen to the new album 4-6 times AT LEAST, before forming an opinion. 10, 10, 10.",0,0,"May  5, 2006"
10,"great album, period.",0,0,"May  5, 2006"
0,"Horrible album of recycled riffs, cliche lyrics, and formulated songs. What happened to Tool?",0,0,"May  5, 2006"
10,"Everyone who gave this albulm a negative rating did so because they expected something else of the band .. AND that is not the bands fault .. thats the listeners .. you should not prepare yourself to listen to this cd expecting it to sound like something you have already heard .. open your mind alittle , and make room for something new .. TOOL is one of the only bands out ther being true to ther music , its clearly music thats inspired by four diffierent talented personalities meeting and conversing... and as for the guy who refered to cow bells and such .. ' every goddamn skin, tom-tom, and cowbell on your drum set' your an idiot , from a succesfull drummers stance - danny is the first drummer doing anything creative for rock since john bonham .. everything he does is tastefull .. and juxtaposed to such idiot iconic prog-rock drummers such as mike portnoy , danny keeps his use of drums and toys to a minimum.. ... BF",0,0,"May  5, 2006"
10,"Scott s i could have not said it better myself. Honestly if tool were still making music like opiate, and undertow i would not still be a fan.... its the one band that has matured, and the only band that is still in my cd collection, when all the others faded away. I have grown up with tool, and as i have grown so have they. If you like tool, just get it! It's awesome.",0,0,"May  5, 2006"
9,"I may have rated this as high as I have because this is exactly the type of music that I have been craving for quite some time. With the radio waves dominated by whiney post-punk, derivitive idol singers, hip-hop, and slow'n'soulful indie pop...this album sounds unbelievably fresh. Although Wolfmother's originality and longevity are questionable, it's a fun listen and the perfect accompaniment for summer-time patio outings and road trips. For the most part, hard rock fans have been offered very little variety as of late. Other than the moronic blathering of blowhards such as Creed and Nickelback, or the yelling-centric stylings of Danko Jones, radio playlists have played very little to whet the appetites of those of us who, while not metalheads, do enjoy their rock served on the heavy side from time to time. Anyways, I don't want to ramble on so...check out Wolfmother. You may bore of it eventually but, in the meantime, enjoy their fun and enigmatic sound and reminisce of the days when Zepellin was the king of the airwaves.",3,3,"May  1, 2006"
8,"They rock, and that's good enough for me.",0,1,"Sep  2, 2008"
0,"Blatent ripoffs and complete unoriginality are the halmarks of this band. The CD is worthmore as a frisbe than an album.",0,1,"May  7, 2007"
4,"Big fat meh. If you're going to pay homage to the likes of Led Zep and Black Sabbath, you better be sure your band can actually BRING IT. Mediocre at best.",0,1,"May  3, 2006"
2,"This album works well as the soundtrack to beer runs and backyard summer frat boy parties, but to me it just sounds like a flagrant White Stripes rip off. If I was Jack White, I'd call the singer up and ask him for my vocie back!!! They should be ashamed.... I give it a 2, but then again, I'm a pretty harsh critic, and it takes alot to please my ears.",0,1,"Jun  8, 2006"
2,"Say hello to Jet version 2.0 , featuring afrorockers riding the latest retro rivivalism wave. Wheeee!",0,1,"Jul 24, 2006"
0,"What crap! Rock's dead... oh well... it sure lives on in Wolfmothers ULTRA unoriginal crappy album... this is so lame...",0,1,"Jan 26, 2007"
10,"This is as close to perfect as music gets. Plus, it's their FIRST CD. Yeah. First. You can't honestly say that there are at least 12 good songs. Vagabond is the only one that's kind of... eh. But every single other either 1: Rocks harder than anything else thats out right now, or 2: Very well put together ballads. Women is without a doubt one of the songs of the decade. My other favorite, Joker and the Thief, shows off Andrew Stockdales shredding skills, along with a great voice to boot. I also never thought that mintue long keyboard-solos could be cool.",0,1,"Apr 13, 2007"
9,"First real Hard Rock Release since the MIllenium.",0,1,"Jun 21, 2007"
10,"Simply.... Amazing Best since Zeppelin and the Doors",0,1,"Aug  4, 2007"
9,"Nobody is perfect for a 10 but sorry who doesn't like it, i should say this is the best band of newest hard rock.",0,1,"Feb  3, 2010"
10,"this is the best thing u will ever do in your life if u buy this cd!!!!! it's the greatest album ever recorded, no doubt about it!! heck ya!!! booyaa!!!!! they sound like led zeppelin in the guitar riffs, jack white from the white stripes in the vocals department, ozzy osbourne and black sabbath also in the riffs department but they rock!!! i didnt know if i should buy the cd at first but took a chance... have u ever taken a chance u have regreted for the rest of your life??? like an example for my bro is buying a rise against cd and an example for me is when i bought a 3 doors down cd and the calling cd... so anyway, buy this cd because it is an addictive cd and it is great!!! every single song is good and well written.... The guitar in these songs if finaminal and excellent, it is beutiful, and i love it!@!! just buy this album so i can stop talking,,,,, boosha ga dooshie and the frogs rump rump rump along chimi chacha!!",0,1,"Apr 19, 2007"
10,"Great band, I don't compare music. If its good its good no matter who it sounds similar to. This shit is uber.",0,1,"Sep 15, 2007"
8,"Great album going back to the roots of metal and rock, looking forward to see the development of these guys into great things! Great epic feel to the album especially with songs like minds eye.",0,1,"Feb 16, 2008"
6,"Absolutely wonderful as pure entertainment, so I can't in all good conscience give this a bad score, nevertheless, it's completely devoid even of pretensions to artistic progressivism. Sure to thrill the closeminded refusing to acknowledge anything past 1980 that didn't possess guitars, a drum kit and pentatonic scales as music.",0,1,"Jun 21, 2008"
10,"This is just fucking great",0,1,"Jul 11, 2008"
10,"One of the best albums of this year....and it was released two years ago...need I say more?",0,1,"Jul 16, 2008"
10,"Just because you can hear Wolfmother's influences come through in the music doesn't make it bad. This album is an amazing and completely original work of art, and everyone saying otherwise just thinks that being critical of good music makes them seem smart. What it actually means is that they're pretentious and have a bad taste in music.",0,1,"Oct 21, 2009"
10,"10 may be a bit strong but a 9 just feels like I'm cheating this album a bit. This is what rock and roll is supposed to sound like and it feel like a long time since I've heard it. Rock music has been so diluted with all the flavor of the week acts out there. Top to bottom, there are no weak tracks here. It's easy to compare this sound to Zeppelin, from the sound of his voice to great guitar riffs and I don't think it falls short at all. Check it out.",0,1,"Nov 10, 2007"
8,"Pitchfork is spot on.",0,1,"Jan 11, 2008"
10,"Excellent album.Cant wait for the next. Anything less then an 8 is Wrong.",0,1,"Sep 28, 2008"
10,"As long as they dont steal riffs, Wolfmother is godly and brilliant, this score is definatly underrated. They arent that original but they are alot better than most stuff these days.",0,2,"Nov 12, 2010"
10,"There isn't a song on the album that doesn't make me wanna bust out air guitar in a crowd. Rocks from start to finish with a borrowed, but yet somehow orignal sound that is more than just a throwback to Zep, Sabbath and Jethro Tull. If the 60's had Eric Clapton and Jimi Hendrix, the new millenium could make room for Andrew Stockdale next to Jack White. And live, they are second to few...",0,0,"May  1, 2006"
6,"Just a uncomplicated rock-record. Nothing wrong with it, but not a 'most-have'.",0,0,"May  1, 2006"
10,"This was easily one of my favourite records of last year. Really love this album to bits, they're really passionate about what they do and they play with skill, energy and technique. All the comparisons to Jet are stupid. This band has far more dimensions than Jet's Beatles-versus-AC/DC monotomy. A brilliant band and a brilliant record.",0,0,"Aug  6, 2006"
8,"Best pure rock album of the year! This all poerful threesome have so much energy they barely can be contained. Every song had me head bangin' like I haven't done in years! Once the lead guitarist learns to properly solo these guys will be huge!!!! Listen to them now!!!",0,0,"May  1, 2006"
8,"The first album was catchier but this one still rocks. Wish you could find music like this on the radio,",0,0,"May 13, 2006"
8,"It is a fun album. Somewhat of a throwback to the 80s, yet not a cheesey one. You definately need to be in the mood for this but if you are in your early 30s or late 20s then you will probably enjoy a few listens",0,0,"May  2, 2006"
6,"This is alright, but The Sword do this sort of music a HELL of a lot better. Check out their album 'Age Of Winters' for a better example (I don't think it's on metacritic though). It's got the same Zeppelin/Sabbath-esque sound as this, only with much better songwriting. Not to say Wolfmother isn't pretty good though - I enjoyed this album, derivative as it may be.",0,0,"May  5, 2006"
8,"this album is pretty awesome. there are no weak songs really. they do sound like allot of other bands sometimes (sabbath, zeppelin, white stripes, qotsa) but they pull it off. i also agree with the guy who mentioned the sword, although the sword are more metal and wolfmother will probably have a broader appeal",0,0,"Jun 16, 2006"
8,"Yeah, it's true: it's not original. Combine Sabbath and Zeppelin, bring some Rush and Jethro Tull to the formula and you've got Wolfmother. That's indeniable fact. But, on the other hand, this guys rock as if their lives depended on how hard they do it. And that's something we've been missing for the last ten years. So welcome these Aussies who love Ozzy as much as we do!",0,0,"Jul 27, 2006"
10,"You can't help but know that this band has big similarities to Zeppelin and Sabbath, but look at how successful they were, and still are. All of Wolfmother's songs are awesome. But even though this is a 10 the album isn't perfect...but it's pretty damn close.",0,0,"Aug  2, 2006"
9,"What Blue Cheer could have been. Great stuff.",0,0,"Jan  3, 2007"
10,"awesome songs",0,0,"Feb 21, 2007"
8,"Pretty good. Not Jet 2.0 as someone said. Jet rips off AC/DC, Iggy Pop, etc; Wolfmother rips off Zeppelin, Sabbath, etc. So we should write them both off as unoriginal, yes, but Wolfmother actually has some good tunes and don't seem to be faking their rock attitude.",0,0,"Oct  7, 2006"
7,"Derivative of every good classic heavy metal song. Thunderous, bombastic, thrilling, and utterly unoriginal. You'll spin it 20 times in a row and then never listen to it again. I would be surprised if they had a second album. This generation of musicians needs to learn that mastering old genres does not make for a long career. We have a new Joy Division, a new Cure, a new Sex Pistols and now a new Black Sabbath.",0,0,"May  9, 2006"
7,"Rating this disc is difficult. If I were to rate it on originality it would be a 3 or 4. For songwriting skills, etc. I'd say 7. For making me want to turn up my car stereo louder than it's been in years it gets a 10+. Much like the hair ballads of the eighties led to grunge, emo will hopefully die leading the way to more really hard rockin' music many of us have been missing.",0,0,"Jun 16, 2006"
8,"Wolfmother presents music that admittedly pays homage to the great heavy metal acts of the 1970's (Read: Black Sabbath, Deep Purple, etc.). While the band does not get many points for originality, it does what it does with enough guts and bravado to make up for wearing their influences on their sleeves. ...And no, Matty Rue Morgue, they are not a White Stripes rip off. While Andrew Stockdale has a bit of a shrieking quality to his voice, he doesn't turn himself into Jack White. And besides, Wolfmother doesn't beat blues standards to death. Also, they use more than two chord progressions. (Btw, I actually do like the white stripes and quite a lot in fact. They're just a completely different animal.)",0,0,"Jun 26, 2006"
10,"F**king Awesome!!!! Rock with big hairy balls!",0,0,"Jun  6, 2006"
8,"They're more sincere and appealing than Manhattan Transfer.",0,0,"Aug  5, 2006"
10,"The best debut album ever. Wolfmother bring you back to a time of much better music, without sounding like an imitation of anyone in particular. The only fault with Wolfmother is that they make you crazy waiting with excited anticipation to their next album. But for now, I'm happy to listen to this one over and over and over again.",0,0,"Jan  7, 2007"
8,"Saving rock one riff at a time.",0,0,"Dec 13, 2006"
10,"This band has a great rock sound. They have attitude and don't have anything to prove-they just bang away. They have mild diversity in their tunes and strive to make you bang your head. Got me going! I'll see them in concert 10/03/06. Can't wait.",0,0,"Oct 23, 2006"
9,"There's something about Wolfmother that's so trashy and so loud that you just can't hate them. However, i have to agree with Dan S, I don't expect another album.",0,0,"May 16, 2006"
9,"This was the most popular album in Australia in 2005 and deservedly so. It was voted Australian album of the year by Triple J, Australia's outstanding alternative radio station. It is hard to dislike anything about Wolfmother and their live gigs are simply mesmerizing. Definitely not a band to be doubtful about!",0,0,"May 26, 2006"
8,"What a breath of fresh air - from the past. I'm glad these guys made a record. 'Woman' is one of the best songs I've ever heard.",0,0,"Jun 29, 2006"
9,"To hell with originality, I'll take this album over Sabbath's Masters of Realiy, over Deep Purple in Rock and over Led Zeppelin II.",0,0,"Jul 31, 2006"
7,"Greatness, circa 1976.",0,0,"Feb 18, 2007"
8,"If this wasnt a debut album i would have given it 7 but this is a great beggining to a awsome aussie band. The hard Zeppelin rock is great for anyone who likes semi heavy rock.",0,0,"Feb 23, 2007"
9,"Wolfmother's self-titled debut album is a great rock record. It's a mix between stoner metal and 70's rock. It blends together very well. Every track sounds great. They have a very distinct way of playing music that really brings back old school rock and roll so well. The opening 'Colossal' has a great riff right off the bat that really hooks you. and 'Women' is a very playful song and 'The Joker & The Thief' is the best song on the track easily. All In All, Wolfmother's self-titled debut album is a great rock record. A-",0,0,"Feb 13, 2011"
9,"An album of pure power. They may have an element of blatent influence from the likes of Led Zepplin and Black Sabbath but i personally don't see that as a bad thing. This album offers rock at it's best, with riff's that don't confuse, but do leave you wanting more. Vocally this album also leaves you wanting more, the likes of 'White Unicorn' and 'Vagabond' show how rock vocals don't have to be perfect to be - well - perfect. Each track offers somthing new, but still remains one sound. It's loud, it pays tribute and offers somthing new all on one disc. Wolfmother have more than achieved with this masterpiece of an album.",0,0,"Feb 20, 2011"
9,"Greast sound, reminds the 70s sound of Led Zeppelin and Black Sabbath. You can't find much of this stuff in 2000s. Good debut album, powerful and ROCK!",0,0,"Jan 15, 2014"
8,"It's savagely daring and ultimately brilliant.",0,0,"Nov  9, 2012"
9,"Wolfmother's debut album is awesome. It's a great hard rock album. They remind me of Led Zeppelin, Black Sabbath, Uriah Heep, The Doors, etc. Andrew Stockdale's voice is annoying, sometimes, but he makes up for it with his awesome solos. It's a great example that rock's not dead.",0,0,"Apr  2, 2013"
8,"good hard sound with a softer touch",1,1,"May 18, 2006"
9,"great album",1,1,"Mar 17, 2007"
4,"Compared to Comalies (and Unleashed, and In A Reverie) this album is dense and tedious. The song structures are repetitive, and Cristina's performance seems to have been buried under layers of 80s-sounding goth guitars and overwrought nu-metal riffs. The sound is dense and murky, with buried drums and obscured vocals. This is possibly the worst mix job since the disaster that was wrought on Metallica's otherwise-stellar Justice For All disc. Lyrically speaking, the band has progressed, but I still prefer the cleaner and more dynamic sound of the previous releases. One bright spot: LC's cover of Depeche Mode's 'Enjoy The SIlence' is hard-hitting and cleanly delivered.",0,1,"Jun  7, 2006"
9,"The first half of this album is absolutely brilliant with distinctive heavy riffs and a haunting voice. The last few songs begin to get slower and become simply 'decent'. Still one of the more impressive metal albums of 2006",0,1,"Feb 11, 2011"
6,"this album have same sounds of the other lacuna coil's album. Nothing new, they needs more maturity and different music experiences",0,0,"May 17, 2006"
10,"loved it. a really hardhitting sound with cristinas beautiful voice. the riffs are alot heavier which i love. as a huge lacuna coil fan i loved it.",0,0,"Dec 21, 2006"
10,"P.O.D. is the best. It is great music. and I don't care what any of you idiots have to say about it.",1,1,"Jan 17, 2007"
8,"There are plenty of great tunes here to keep you interested. It is also a return to form for P.O.D., with rapcore elements reintroduced. The only problem is, it just isn't as original or memorable as Satellite. For example, no track stands out as much as a shout along 'Youth of the Nation' or rap-metal-punk 'Boom.' And guitar riffs aren't as savage, and often drowned out by premade loops programmed by some dude in his mama's basement. However, songs like 'Strength of My Life' make this a no-brainer for nu metal fans looking for something to chew on.",0,0,"Nov 15, 2006"
2,"Who cares about onoriginal crappy Nu-Metal these days?",0,0,"Apr 30, 2006"
0,"I might have liked this album when I was eleven (before I heard any good music) ...... but probably not.",0,0,"Aug  7, 2006"
10,"There is so much energy it feels like the cd can barely contain it!",0,0,"Jan 30, 2006"
9,"exellent. they keep serving the world a good deed with their peaceful music. they're rockers but they are not insulting nor agressive. i'm digging it.",0,0,"Feb 21, 2006"
9,"I believe that this album is just a preperation for what they are going to do next.",0,0,"Feb 24, 2006"
10,"P.O.D. have once again managed to reinvent their sound and give their fans an album they can be proud of. Long Live P.O.D.",0,0,"Feb 26, 2006"
1,"P.O.D. Rules!!",0,0,"Apr 12, 2006"
7,"it's not as brilliant as their past albums but in all, not that bad. just wish they would stop holding on to 'goodbye for now' to sell them.",0,0,"Apr 13, 2006"
8,"This album does so much right. It blends P.O.D's old rap-rock style with their new epic rock sound almost perfectly. It contains 'Roots In Stereo', the best fusion of hip-hop, rock and reggae in music history. It got me into Matisyahu, the reggae artist. It has those classic P.O.D moments- the choruses and riffs are extremely well-done, the sound is epic, powerful and inspirational. Finally, it's the first album ever to include a bonus disc with an audio commentary (Limited Edition only), and like wih DVDs, the commentary gives you a greater appreciation and understanding of the songs and their meanings. From the beginning, P.O.D wanted to make the album of their careers, and they almost did it (but not quite).",0,0,"Apr  5, 2006"
9,"This is a great album to listen to over and over again. It has some very catchy melodies as well as unique riffs. Enjoy it!",0,0,"Feb 27, 2006"
10,"this cd rocks, and being a christian, its awsome to have christian music that i actually like!",0,0,"Feb  4, 2006"
0,"Q. What does P.O.D stand for? A. Pile Of Dung.",0,0,"Feb  7, 2006"
10,"Love the variety! Love the band!",0,0,"Feb  8, 2006"
10,"My favourite band.",0,0,"Mar 18, 2006"
10,"Great",0,0,"May  9, 2006"
9,"This album greatly makes up for the somewhat disappointing Payable on Death and returns to the great sound they had in Satellite. I've never heard another group that can mix so many different styles of music into one great album. My personal favorites are Roots in Stereo and Sounds like War.",0,0,"Jun  2, 2006"
0,"P.O.D. is almost as good as my band.... but not quite, haha!",0,0,"Aug  7, 2006"
0,"Is this even music?",0,0,"Jan 28, 2006"
10,"Everyone should buy this record, POD has the best intentions and thankfully the record is worth every penny spent! Regardless of what the haters (see above or dont) say...",0,0,"Jan 28, 2006"
10,"Only one word can describe this album: PHENOMENAL. One of the best albums I've heard in a very long time. This is a diverse, powerful and passionate album from a group that has now proven itself to be one of the great bands of our time. If you are a fan of rock music and have any taste at all for brilliant and inspired sounds then you will not be dissappointed.",0,0,"Feb 14, 2006"
0,"Wow.....andrew f: you mustve not heard very many albums. This is a horrid excuse for music. Horrible garbage if u ask me.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2006"
0,"What is this?? Music??? Let me laugh....",0,1,"Feb 10, 2006"
10,"This album is exactly what the band needed, a freakin shot in the arm! This is what all the great bands do, evolve and stay relevant. The best way to listen to these songs is definitely live, they are amazing. If not live, through good headphones is the next best. A suggestion for the next album would be to let Munky turn off distortion and some of the other pedals and rip out a solo every once in a while. This album, however, is complete without it. Including the B-sides really enchances the quality of the album, but you'd have to go out of your way to get them. Definitely buy the limited edition with the bonus disc.",0,0,"Mar  2, 2006"
2,"i was a huge fan, but i'm totally dissapointed...i don't know why'd they listen to anyone and start to writing about shit...WHAT THE HELL WAS WRONGWITH THEIR LYRICS TILL NOW?!?!!?!?! i will never know... making albums like this one, compared to the previous, is surely a good way to loose fans",0,0,"Dec 20, 2005"
0,"these guys have totally lost it absolute rubbish what is jonathan trying to do with his voice these guys used be hardcore now there not even softcore",0,0,"Feb 22, 2006"
9,"The CD was a change from the norm... I havn't decided weither it was for the best or worst. I'm reviewing it for a school newspaper, but am not sure even what to say! Twisted Transistor, was good, but had REALLY LONG INTRO! I think that a majority of the songs were better, but there were some I didn't like, (Hypocrites). Will comment when I figure out what else I want to say.",0,0,"Dec 13, 2005"
10,"Awsome cd korn really shows the world what there made of twisted transistor- best korn song since freak on a leash",0,0,"Jan 10, 2006"
10,"Not like any other album, but this was definitely a good one. Not my favorite but deserves respect for going on after losing Head.",0,0,"Feb 23, 2006"
10,"Simply awesome new album from KoRn. It's cool how they can re-invent themselves on every time!",0,0,"Mar  9, 2006"
10,"These guys take heavy metal to a whole new level. They've set the bar extremely high! I mean, look how popular they are. A 10 is a fair grade. However dont get the edited version. TOO MANY CENCORS... Brothers and Sisters, rejoice! The album worth worshipping is finally here! Now bow down, before I pop a cap in your skull.",0,0,"Jan  2, 2007"
10,"Korn has definitely branched out on this album. So many different sounds yet there's no mistaking it's Korn. Love Song and Tearjerker have a dark, melodic feel to them. Hypocrites and Liar may have a message for a certain someone? Maybe. Coming Undone has great rhythm to it. The songs are all incredible. Amazing guitar work from Munky, David's best drumming yet, Fieldy's bass is sounding better than ever, and Jonathan's voice is still as hard as ever. I highly recommend adding this album to your collection!",0,0,"Dec 11, 2005"
9,"i think this album is superb. it's about time that they started going in a new direction. obviously i will always love their old stuff, but this album is simply awsome. i would say overall the album is korn mixed with a newish pink floyd/ nin style throwing in a dash of morphine on some tracks",0,0,"Dec 10, 2005"
2,"Duuuude, Korn totally rulz! they r so dark and twizted they make me wanna drop outta skool and huff paint....this iz da most hardcore moozik ever!",0,0,"Dec 13, 2005"
9,"This is a great album. Whether or not the songs were written by Korn or some producer they are great. Like untouchables, this is a highly produced studio album that is nonetheless gaining rave reviews. The only bad reviews are coming from sick kids who will never be satisfied with any post-life is peachy korn or indie loving critics who have hated korn from the beginning. All unbiased critics have given this good reviews. Maybe the moderaters of this site should post some?/???",0,0,"Dec 14, 2005"
7,"this is good the best tax are twisted transistor liar dont throw me away and politics",0,0,"Dec 10, 2005"
10,"This is the best album Korn have made to date and an unexpected comeback for them. Everything about this album is perfection of their style. Excellent.",0,0,"Dec 10, 2005"
9,"This is a very good album as it has every thing. only 2 songs didnt appeal to me instantly but now they are growing on me every time i hear them. the last song tearjerker is one of the best korn songs ever. And also the artwork for the cd is just soo good check it out",0,0,"Dec 20, 2005"
3,"Out go's the heavy moody grunge that we all grew to love, in comes the happy clapping slow riffs. I dont like korns new evolution of heavy, and its more like evolution to the pop world. Only the first three tracks are good, but still without ultimate bass that everyone wanted. I'd recomend buying disturbed or static x's newest album, but definetely not this headache of an album.",0,0,"Dec 22, 2005"
8,"While I doubt anyone is going to give Korn the praise that they rightly deserve, I am now convinced that they have it within themselves to evolve and become something more than what they once were. In the beginning it was all about power chords and deep, heavy bass lamented with growls and odd sounds coming from the vocal cords of Jon Davis. Since then, we've seen them rise to great heights (Life is Peachy, Follow the Leader), and fall to new lows (Untouchables, anyone?). However, I believe that after a period of complacency, they have finally returned to the music foray with something intelligent, sonically heavy, and overall a worthy addition to any hard rock, nu-metal, or industrial library. See You on the Other Side, while still having a few defects, is easily the best Korn album of the 21st century.",0,0,"Dec 23, 2005"
4,"wack s*it",0,0,"Dec 26, 2005"
10,"This album is AMAZING to say the least. The songs I'VE SEEN IT ALL and COMING UNDONE are brilliant. This album also has AWSOME art work. Best album of 2005 hands down. I recommend it to anyone",0,0,"Dec  9, 2005"
10,"Korns new cd is a major improvement over there previous release.ive been a korn fan since album number 1,and this one makes a decent attempt at getting back to there old hard self.its a great album and you can really hear how good it actually sounds on a higher end system,great job by korn and the producers",0,0,"Jan 14, 2006"
10,"Besides their 1999 album, iSsuEs, this album is freakin' awesome.",0,0,"Mar 20, 2006"
10,"It took a little time to warm up to it, but now that I have I love it! Good job KoRn!!!",0,0,"Mar  7, 2006"
9,"KoRn truley are awesome best metal around",0,0,"Apr 16, 2006"
9,"One of korn's best albums!! I love the songs coming undone and politics! A must-buy for any true korn fan!!!",0,0,"Apr 26, 2006"
10,"one band member less, a fusion of early anger and newmelodics,and munky keeping it together. if the fans like it so what? bands are allowed to develop and progress their sound,who cares what the critics think,i dont think korn intended to make a commercial album .they should be respected as a band but this is just my opinion,everyone alowed one.also i bet korn are making more money than the critics and they are jealous! korn are the best thing to hav happened to the music scene since sliced bread...they deserve credit for still sticking together for so many years.and all korn fans who appreciate their music and accept thy can't write another issues or 'korn' will love the album.so listen to it more than once people along with the rest of the albums so you can make a valid judgement.korn fan over and out!",0,0,"Apr  4, 2006"
9,"When i saw Twisted Transister on MTV, i knew this album would be good and i was right. Its better that untouchables and take a look in the mirror bt nt as good as the earlier ones. Wheres the screaming and pain. I like tear jerker only becuase i always wanted a slow song from korn and thats what i got. :)",0,0,"May 12, 2006"
7,"Good stuff from an underrated band who spawned an underrated genre. Although not as great as 'Untouchables' or their self-titled debut, it beats the snot out of the lame, generic 'Take a Look In the Mirror' Jonathin explores some new topics sometimes with success ('Hypocrites') and sometimes with failure (some of the icky sex tracks) But the hooks are heavy yet at the same time incorperate an accessible melodic pop sensibility. 'Twisted Transistor' balls-out rocks, while 'Throw Me Away' is one of the prettiest goth songs Korn has done in a while. Not too shabby. Nu Metal-heads, rejoice.",0,0,"Jun 18, 2006"
7,"Not as good as take a look in the mirror or untouchables but still has great hooks with songs like coming undone and liar.I think they changed their sound because head left,too much of a change for me.They should return to their harder sounds and lose all the computer generated sounds.",0,0,"Jul 15, 2006"
10,"Rocks your balls off!",0,0,"Aug 13, 2006"
7,"this one is kind of a mix between untouchables and tke a look in the mirror, although not as interesting and inspired as the first one. has a few really good moments like politics, love song and open up, but the industrial flavour just souind like poor manson meet poor NIN. jonathan should realize also that he does NOT has to give us bagpipes and mumbles allways and in this album his effort to give SYOTOS the korn klich is just embaracing.",0,0,"Dec 10, 2005"
10,"Surprisingly strong effort considering that they lost their guitarist who wrote so much of their music and how far into their career the band is. This is far more engaging than the last album and one of the best heavy albums I've heard in some time.",0,0,"Dec 12, 2005"
8,"A lot of people will hate this record because it is a somewhat drastic departure from Korn's traditional sound. As most will know, Head (brian Welsch) has left, and it seems he's taken the 'ga-gunk-g-ga-gaaah' riffing sound with him. In its place, though, are haunting melodies, epic vocal lines, and funky rythms. It's like evil pop music on psychodelic drugs. In short, the recipe for Korn has been updated... in place of head, there's a little NIN and a little manson... If a band is gonna change direction, this is the way to do it....",0,0,"Dec 12, 2005"
9,"The new KoRn sound is stunning...something i have been waiting 4, for a long time.",0,0,"Dec 12, 2005"
10,"like one of the reviews said if heavy metal was ever meant to evolve this is the begining",0,0,"Dec 13, 2005"
1,"fan since first album, and this new one is the worst album of the year, gwen stefani's new album is better than this thing korn released. the worst album of their career, i hate it and hope everyone else does too.",0,0,"Dec 14, 2005"
9,"well to say the least this album is amazing. they reinvent their trademark sound of blending effects such as industrial and alernative pedals to metal...this cd is no different...korn is back wit vengenance and deff are 'here to stay' no pun intended...a new sound once again to keep their die hrad fans (yours truly) guessin wht they r gonig to do next and also this album proves their is life after head. and to anyone who isnt a true korn fan and jus got this cd or downloaded sum songs and bad mouths them...go back to ur music cuzz these posts r made by the true fan base of korn...rock on korn and here's to many many more albums...peace+love from will",0,0,"Dec 22, 2005"
9,"One of the greatest albums of 2005. Thank god for Korn, what would we do without them. Almost every single song on the album is amazing, with the exception of '10 or a 2-way'. Songs like 'Souvenir', 'For No One', 'Open Up', and 'Tearjerker' are amazing in every aspect of the word. They are evolving in the right direction and I love them for it.",0,0,"Dec 23, 2005"
10,"This album is better than any album they've put out since the self-titled debut. All the tracks on this cd are just plain addictive. I can't stop listening to this so-called new direction and reinvention of KoRn.",0,0,"Dec 26, 2005"
9,"If your a true fan, you will like it,like I do. Track #9, the best on the cd.",0,0,"Dec 27, 2005"
9,"I just went out yesterday and bought the 2 disc limited edition of this cd and !wow! The new sound of the band is crazy as hell. I myself believe that losing 'Head' was actualy a good thing for them..it got them thinking a lot and thus they came up with this CD.",0,0,"Dec 27, 2005"
9,"As a huge fan of korn I was suprised to find their signature 'click' sounds virtually gone from this album. First off, the album comes off like a Rock Opera, with an introduction, lead-up, transition to 'the other side', experience on the other side, and then going back. The way the songs piece together form imagery of a story being told that can be interpretted in many ways to what is going on right now in the world. The first time I listened the only two songs I liked were 'twisted transistor' and 'coming undone' (both approprately the first song of 'their side'), but then another grew on me, and then another, and then... So overall its a good CD but it takes getting used to. I would recommend giving it some more listening to before posting a review.",0,0,"Dec 28, 2005"
10,"i just wanted to say that this new korn cd is awesome! korn has put a new twist into there awesome music and its better than ever! its a new creation and its different from there old cds, and even though brian head welch is no longer with korn, they still did a great job on this album.",0,0,"Dec 29, 2005"
10,"goodness.",0,0,"Dec 30, 2005"
10,"Here is a KoRn That we all know and respect. Welcome back to the real KoRn",0,0,"Feb 13, 2006"
6,"Being a KoRn fan from way back when their first album debut, I must say since the departure of Brian 'Head' Welch and since they have 'mainstream' writers in their inventory of song making KoRn has been toned downed, water downed, and what pains me to say the most, they have gone against what KoRn mainly about, selling out. Although granted this new CD will gain the band new mainstream fans, die hard fans like me included are disapointed, KoRn just isn't Korn anymore.",0,0,"May 13, 2007"
9,"A very different kind of Korn that really changes the way they go about their music. Its generally EXHILERATING as the numbers could almost be thrown on dance floors and be quite comfortable in metal mosh pits. Excellent evolutionary effort that shows Korn know how to improve the genre they created!",0,0,"Dec 14, 2005"
7,"i don't like it ... but i'm still a fan",0,0,"Dec 16, 2005"
7,"Let's be honest.... the first time i listened to the album i felt that korn had blew it... But then listening more carefully to some songs you realize that there are some incredible intro's and energetic songs like 'throw me away' the fantastic 'liar' with the initial drum static roll, and 'politics'. It's not an revolutionary album but, evolutionary for korn. I believe that this album has great potential, but it may drive away hardcore korn fans due to the diferent (but similar) korn sound. To conclude not their best album, but it was fresh, different and kinetic has ever. Put it on your stereo and raise the volume... but don't forget to fast foward some tracks!! Best intro's ever...",0,0,"Dec 16, 2005"
9,"Was a little tentative to begin with, on first listen it didn't feel like a koRn album but after a couple of listens the quality and creativity began to emerge. As a whole 'See you on the other side' is completely different to KoRn's previous albums with only a few tracks using a familar style. Tracks like 'Liar', 'Hypocrites' and 'Policitics' seem to hold deeper more personal feelings unlike any of Korn's other offerings. It's fresh and different and i have to say i'm loving every moment of it...KoRn have risen the bar once again! Those loyal fans who feel that Korn has crossed an unforgivable line with this album should give this another listen.",0,0,"Dec 26, 2005"
6,"I was very reluctant in buying this album. After I heard that Head had left to live in a Christian life i thought the instrumentals would go up **** creek without the paddle. And in ways this harped true and in others it didnt. munky did step up to a degree.Also when i heard that Korn enlisted production company The Matrix (pop producers responsible for acts such as Pink and Avril Lavigne) I thought they were doing a desperate for more chart topping songs.The result, a more pop rock album than their previous efforts with singles 'Twisted Transistor' and ' Coming Undone' Very Reminiscent of the Follow the Leader Singles.Its a pop metal/hard rock album that more a miss than a hit.But after losing a band member and enlisting the producers they did its leaves the direction and experimentation of the band in limbo.Not a failure of an album, but it is certainly unimpressive and uninspiring compared to previous albums.",0,0,"Jul  7, 2011"
8,"If there ever was an ' mature' electro sound from this band, than' see you on the other side' is their shiny template that 2011's ' Path of Totallity' should have adhered to.  Coming Undone definitely should be considered on of their signature tracks.",0,0,"Mar  4, 2012"
5,"A competent if rather static affair, Korn successfully re-enter the mainstream with SYOTOS, with Matrix adding a new liege of life to a dwindling fan base and harsh critics. 'Love Song', 'Seen It All' and 'Twisted Transistor' give fresh air to a stale genre, and it works enough for the band.",0,0,"Feb 20, 2012"
8,"Definitely a sudden change of pace for Korn, but it's certainly not a bad thing in a time where changing things up seem to be best for an artist that created one of the world's most hated genres.",0,0,"Sep 24, 2015"
10,"Heavy and groovy songs. Jonathan wrote more political stuff in this album and some pornography but I still love the album one of my favs. The songs were more creepier like the beginning of the songs, there  were whispers and growls I don't know things like that and still fits in KoRn.",0,0,"Aug 13, 2014"
8,"See You on the Other Side is a great experimental effort for the band. Its very industrial and moody sometimes, but still sounds a lot like Korn. Its a very interesting sound. I wont say its one of Korns best albums (they have released too many by now), but I will say its better than Take a Look in the Mirror. Some songs go unnoticed, but the cool stuff here is great.",0,0,"Jul  6, 2016"
10,"the best band of its kind!!!",2,3,"May 11, 2007"
5,"A disappointment, and a clear indication that Rick Rubin ought to have forced the band to pare all this down into one album. While he was at it, he ought to have stolen Daron's mic, and let Serj, the truly distinctive vocalist in the band, shoulder singing and lyrical duties. After hearing 'Vicinity of Obscenity,' it's hard to know whether we can still trust even Serj for halfway decent lyrics, but at least we wouldn't have to listen to Daron flunk middle school English while he whines about 'the most loneliest day of [his] life.' 3/4 of the songs from Mezmerize combined with 1/4 of the songs here might have comprised one of the better hard rock (and protest) albums of the decade, but it's too late now. For a band positioned to be making the best music of its career, they sure do sound uninspired. I'm far from hypnotized.",1,2,"Nov 23, 2005"
2,"VERY upsetting! I loved 'Toxicity', but SOAD is getting out of control. I absolutely hated this album.",0,3,"Feb 10, 2006"
0,"B.Y.O.B. is a pretty messy single. It jumps from fast screamo type heavy metal to absolute dance shit. I can't tolerate this music, it's too painful to listen to. This is like listening to Alexisonfire on speed!",0,1,"Nov 22, 2005"
0,"Why won't this crap just DIE?",0,2,"Nov 26, 2005"
1,"Take a few known riffs, throw some new vocals in and call it a second album? This album should be renamed: How To Ripoff Our Fans - System of a Down.",0,2,"Nov 26, 2005"
0,"This isnt music. system of a down tries to make a politcal statement, but remain too uneducated to do so. I find it funny how they criticize consumers, yet all own hummers. this attempt at melody is an embarrasment.",0,1,"Dec  1, 2005"
1,"Even if you're unaware of what real metal sounds like how can System fans ignore how repatative the band is? Or maybe thats what these morons love about them.",0,2,"Dec 28, 2005"
1,"anyone who thinks critically about the music they listen to and believes that this is good, you need to be removed from society",0,1,"Nov 22, 2005"
7,"Hypntize and Attack are the big reason this album is alive. Mostly Hypnotize.",0,1,"Dec 22, 2012"
8,"listend through once and im happy with this c.d being a huge s.o.a.d fan meant i had high expectation and i love how this album sounds like their first, fast thrashing heaven i still prefer mezmerise and toxicity but this is a welcome addition",0,0,"Nov 30, 2005"
10,"I don't know who would ratethis group (ever) less than 8, i mean they have awsome music, they criticize, and they get in your emotions whether you are happy or mad. This band is by far the best, and kicks every Rapers or country singer's ass.",0,0,"Jan 14, 2006"
7,"Since their debut, System of a Down have been one of the most original and pioneering bands in rock music. It is a testament to their quality as a band that their works have been so consistent and so true to their style. Their vision of a dual album Mesmerize/Hypnotize was an ambitious one. Double albums are always a tricky thing to pull off, and more bands have failed than succeeded in this regard. To this extent, System of a Down have to praised for so thoughtfully realizing and delivering a double album that does maintain unity. However, some slight errors of judgment by System of a Down leave this album a notch below classic status. Firstly, System made a wise choice by separating the release of each album by 6 months. Releasing them together would have been a bit too much to handle. 'Attack', the opener of the album is all out hellfire. It is fierce and vicious, and Malakian and Dolmayan play it at a nearly superhuman speed. 'Dreaming', 'Kill Rock'N'Roll', and 'Hypnotize' are all quality songs. 'Tentative', 'U-Fig', and 'Holy Mountains' along with 'Attack' have to be the best songs on the album. Overall, the quality of the lyrics in Hypnotize has drastically improved over Mesmerize. 'Tentative' and 'Holy Mountains' have some of the best choruses on the entire double CD set. It is here where we are treated to some the worst System of a Down songs on this album (and possibly ever recorded). 'Vicinity of Obscenity', 'She's Like Heroin', and 'Lonely Day' are all frustratingly inert. From the wonderfully painful 'Freedom! We're free!' of Holy Mountains, we are reduced to hearing 'Terracotta banana' and Daron Malakian screaming 'ASS!'. The whole album has been gradually building upon itself, and these songs can best be called fillers. It truly is an anticlimax to everything that we have been treated to. In fact, as grand as the double album sounds, System of a Down have always been known for their economy. Several amazing songs from Steal this Album! just never made the cut into Toxicity ('Streamline' and 'Bubbles' for example). One would have wished that System of a Down exhibited the same parsimony here. There are several songs in Mesmerize, but especially so in Hypnotize, that just did not need to be there. Instead of delivering two albums six months apart, System of a Down could have delivered one classic album, filled with all the unity and form that they wanted. It was an error of judgement in my opinion. It is unfortunate that System of a Down set such high standards for themselves, because this album is still really, really good. It just does not live up to their other mesmerizing albums, 'System of a Down', and especially 'Toxicity.'",0,0,"Nov 26, 2005"
8,"Being more coherent, but less innovative than Mezmerize, I rate it lower (I'd give Mezmerize a 9 or 10). Hypnotyze suffers from more mediocre songs in the middle, but akes up for them with Track 8 and everything that follows it. You realize the impact of Mazmerize when a song like U-Fig sounds a little uninspired. Also, I get the feeling that the bad parts of the lyrics are more striking on this album. Anyway, still a great piece of work. What a thrill! Listening to the two albums, you get the feeling that you are listening to rock music being made. And no, I am not saying 'metal'. Listen to some of the beats in this album. It is rock, in some cases even punk rock, with heavy metal influences.",0,0,"Nov 30, 2005"
10,"Fantastic album and a great great component to the hypnotise/mesmerise double album. good music and nice and brutal. Excellent stuff.",0,0,"Dec  8, 2005"
10,"i love it...this is the first SOAD album i've owned and it's my favorite. i love all the political aspects: there are some great points, very deep. and, of course, the music is great!",0,0,"Oct  6, 2006"
10,"Absolutely amazing, It's a bloody masterpiece. I have no idea how some people can put down S.O.A.D. and their music. I saw a comment saying 'this isn't music'. That person can go and burn. Each song on this album is amazing and send shivers around my body. I don't know if this happens to others? If i had to pick a least best song, it would be She's Like Heroin as it sounds kind of rushed. But still great. System rock!!!!!!",0,0,"Feb 10, 2006"
10,"Awesome album.Better than 10 out of 10.Holy Mountains is the best song ever written.",0,0,"Jul 30, 2006"
7,"While it's much better than the gaudy near-idiocy of Mezmerize, Hypnotize still suffers from two huge weaknesses that sabotaged its predecessor: Daron Malakian's 'singing' and excessively blow-dried, pro-tooled production and mixing. Malakian is clearly getting fuller of himself with no end in sight; in fact, on Hypnotize's liner notes he's even credited first, before Serj Tankian! Shut up and play your guitar, you balding jackass. Or at least I think it's a guitar: thanks to the usually reliable Rick Rubin and Andy Wallace, it often sounds like the band is playing inside a hermetically sealed box. Listen to Hypnotize and Mezmorize together, then go back and listen to Steal This Album and you will see what I mean. It just sounds NEUTERED and mall-metalish; much too glossy. However, complaints aside, hints of the old System show up on Hypnotize. The lyrics and songwriting are sharper and the music is more focused, and overall it's just not as wearying to get through as Mezmerize. These two albums, edited together as one cd with a different, rawer mix, might have been System's crowing achievement. As is, though, you get a two cd near-rip off that sounds like it was cut with Linkin Park's digital editing software. A 3 and 7 do not make a 10. A shame.",0,0,"Nov 25, 2005"
10,"I think that Mesmerize/Hypnotize is one of the best rock albums in a long time. System of a Down's use of different influences reminds me very much of Queen.",0,0,"Nov 26, 2005"
10,"I am A huge System fan, i own every album and every song they have ever created. I love every cd, especialy hypnotize and mezmerize. All of the songs are really amazing, Serj and Darrons voices are totally fuckign sweet.",0,0,"Nov 26, 2005"
9,"The reason that i think this album is great, is that there is a thin line between the entire album, and all the songs work as a whole, while almost every song also stand strong on its own. The only downside is that there is a bit repetitive lyrics every once in a while. 9/10",0,0,"Dec  2, 2005"
10,"A brilliant album on it's own, but must be listened to along with Mezmerize to truly appreciate it. These guys are on their way to becoming the next metal legends",0,0,"Jan 10, 2006"
9,"Great cd Hipnotise awome song",0,0,"Jan 10, 2006"
10,"Wow. And I say that as an objective listener rather than an avid fan. Point for point this album surpassed my expectations. Though much more somber than Mezmerize, the songs still retained their typical energy. I particularly liked 'Stealing Society', 'Holy Mountains', 'Tentative', and 'Dreaming'. Overall, this album was by far an excellent purchase.",0,0,"Jan 20, 2006"
9,"not bad, not bad at all. their mixture of goth and funk has proven itself to be sellable.",0,0,"Feb 21, 2006"
9,"Superb. Loses its way a little between Holy Mountains and Soldier Side but the class shines through. If I ever hear a better song than Holy Mountains I'll consider myself very lucky..........still prefer Mezmerize though.",0,0,"May  5, 2006"
10,"Great great GREAT album! Along with 'Mesmerize', this is THE album to have of the year, and firmly puts SOAD at the top of the musical field. SOAD dares to rock the boat, both musically and politically and remains one of the most truly original bands of our time. Fav's are 'Attack', 'Holy Mountains', 'Vicinity of Obscenity' and the hauntingly beautiful 'Soldier Side'.",0,0,"Sep  6, 2006"
9,"more great stuff from sod",0,0,"Nov 22, 2005"
10,"amazing!!!",0,0,"Nov 22, 2005"
8,"Good anti-war lyrics. Rock on!",0,0,"Nov 22, 2005"
10,"Incredibly awesome! Actually, better than Mesmerize, and better than most their work so far.",0,0,"Nov 22, 2005"
10,"awesome",0,0,"Nov 22, 2005"
9,"Nice",0,0,"Nov 22, 2005"
10,"the best cd so far system of a down has made,its up there with toxicity or perhaps even better",0,0,"Nov 23, 2005"
10,"brilliant much better than mesmerize witch to me was a bit of a disapointment could even ve there greatest work yet",0,0,"Nov 23, 2005"
10,"what can i say it mezmorized me.",0,0,"Nov 28, 2005"
10,"The genious continues with Hypnotize.",0,0,"Nov 29, 2005"
10,"mad",0,0,"Nov 30, 2005"
10,"Though I could not say that Hypnotize the greatest album that System of a Down has put out, I will say that it is up in the ranks with Toxicity as one of their best. As a long time System fan I couldn't wait for the arrival of Hypnotize. I felt that Mezmerize was very good, but it only wet my appetite for more System. Hypnotize was like the final dish on Thanksgiving (ironically coming out around that time) that is a full out rock album to finish what the appetizer of Mezmerize started. I could not say that Hypnotize is much better than their other albums because each album seems to bring out a different quality of the band. Each album sounds a little different than the last, while still staying true to the overall System effect. Hypnotize, though conveying the always present political message, seems to at some points do that in more a whimsical and even goofy tone. At other points in the CD, the hardcore System sound is ever-present. System of a Down also seems to be straying into different styles of music. The chorus of 'Vicinity of Obscenity' has a 70s funk feel, while songs like 'Stealing Society' and 'Kill Rock N' Roll' have a more punk rock sound. Some songs on the CD, like 'Lonely Day', seem to have an even classic rock sound to them. These examples just go to show, whatever System of a Down puts out there, it seems that it will always stay true to the hard-rocking band that have been making groud-breaking music for years.",0,0,"Nov 30, 2005"
10,"This band is like a politicized episode of 'The Surreal Life': Imagine a musical in which Frank Zappa, Primus, Queen, No Doubt, Abbie Hoffman and Che Guevara dissect and resculpt the steaming corpse of America and you have only a preliminary idea of what this band has accomplished musically and lyrically. 'Hypnotize', the second lens in the 3d-glasses synthesis started by this year's 'Mesmerize' completes a carnivalesque opus that satirically spits upon the garbage that western culture produces, consumes, excretes and regurgitates daily... As silly as this might seem, SOAD will certainly be revered by future ears as representing the manic depressive, schizoid state of being that dominates this early 21st century.",0,0,"Dec  1, 2005"
10,"The best album, Even though I dislike steal this album and Mesmerize had some very weak tracks I am a fan, because I believe that Toxicity is one of the most powerful alternative rock albums PERIOD. When I heard that there was a second part of Mesmerize, I was filled with anxiety. I heard mesmerize and I didn't like it , so I naturally though this album would suck also. HOW was I WRONG. This album is powerful, heartfelt, but most of all true. The lyrics of the sings make very powerful points abpout all of our lives. And the tunes that they picked for all of their songs are amazing also. My favorite Tracks Lonely Day Attack Tentative U-Fig",0,0,"Dec  1, 2005"
10,"Not as good as mezmerize but definetly one the best soad albums!",0,0,"Dec 16, 2005"
10,"This is by far the best album of the year, and I dare to say this is the best of the last ten years. No other album has thrilled me like this one. SOAD Rules. Has all the magic, energy, hard guitars, soft vocals, tough meanings and anything else you would expect from a really RocKin' band.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2005"
10,"very good, lonely day is the only bad song",0,0,"Dec  2, 2005"
10,"I beleive that it's their best album!!!",0,0,"Dec 20, 2005"
10,"Awesome. A little different type of music than that of Mezmerize. This was a little more 'Rock On', but I really enjoyed it.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2005"
9,"this cd is the shit it aint too hard they sing about nothing but its all that...i recommend listening to crade of filth and slipknot as well as decay into light.i rate the cd",0,0,"Jan 20, 2006"
7,"This album is for me a decline for System. I really was hoping that they would make a return to a more metal style but, I was mistaken. They just went back to the things they were doing on Mezmerize. If they would have combined the 2 albums into one then we would have something to talk about but, instead they put out 2 seperate LP's with songs on each that didn't need to be on there. I guess I'm a little disapointed.",0,0,"Jan 30, 2006"
9,"One thing you van always rely on when System of a Down releases an album is that there wont be one bad song. SOAD has really mastered melodic metal. Intertwining harmony with crazy drum sets and amazing guitar solos make this Syetem's best record yet. I think they just keep getting better.",0,0,"Jan  8, 2006"
10,"This deserves a 10! Few albums like this, one of my favorites.",0,0,"Feb 17, 2006"
10,"This album is just one smash hit after another. I can never get enough of it. After hearing one good song I go to hear another, but then another good one comes on and I can't turn back.",0,0,"Feb 17, 2006"
10,"A Great Album, I have all there others and feel that this is a masterpiece. The two Albums together are a fine body of work and I can't wait for the next instalment!!!!!",0,0,"Mar 30, 2006"
10,"Just as Playlouder translates into words - Intense, terrifying.",0,0,"Apr 16, 2007"
10,"The best rock album of the year! This is the System of a Down that I was waiting for! Its definitely an improvement over Mezmerize.",0,0,"Nov 21, 2005"
10,"amazing!!!",0,0,"Nov 21, 2005"
10,"althought i liked mezemerize and i always said to myself the sequal wouldnt be able 2 match it its done more its completely toppled it",0,0,"Nov 22, 2005"
10,"This is an awesum album! .FULL STOP.",0,0,"Nov 22, 2005"
10,"This is best of bests album on the metal/rock/aletrnative scene. Nothing more, just rulez and forever. Bravo SOAD!",0,0,"Nov 22, 2005"
10,"Absolutely Amazing!",0,0,"Nov 22, 2005"
7,"This is not as good as MEZMERIZE is, but it's still worth the buy. Tracks 4 through 7 are mediocre, but the rest of it is good.",0,0,"Nov 22, 2005"
10,"awesome",0,0,"Nov 22, 2005"
10,"lyrically and musically real, pure, and true. this is by far the best album of the year!!! on par with all of the other work they did. u-fig is hysterical and true. In todays mind controlled world we need this to help lift the veil off all our eyes. but truth is no one cares because evertyhing is good with thier american dreams. take them away and you will see the truth...no choice. but I kinda get the sense that its too fukin late for all of us... so sit back, grab your flag, and enjoy the ride to the end... it will be here like a thief in the knight!",0,0,"Nov 22, 2005"
10,"After initially listening to this album on MTV.com's The Leak, I only really liked 5 of the tracks on the album. And later after buying the album (big SOAD fan) I really wanted to hate it. But upon further listen, I've discovered that every track on this album is genius. Even the tracks that many of the reviewers have said are crazy and meaningless like 'Viscinity of Obscenity' and 'She's like Heroin' both have killer bridges and epic hooks, while 'U-Fig', which pitchforkmedia labeled as filler, is my personal favorite song on the album. Even the slowest song on the album, 'Lonely Day', has the best guitar solo on the album. No song here is or sounds like filler. Every song on this album is amazing. 10/10",0,0,"Nov 22, 2005"
9,"Probably not their best album all-round, but the best songs on this album are the best that SOAD have ever done.",0,0,"Nov 22, 2005"
10,"Bloody Amazing",0,0,"Nov 22, 2005"
6,"It is their worst CD.",0,0,"Nov 22, 2005"
8,"For a hardcore SOAD fan such as myself, the six-month wait in between albums was pretty painful. When I first heard of their planned concept for Mesmerize/Hypnotize, I was both excited and skeptical. While I was excited about the prospect of getting double the System (most of my favorite bands take years between records), my cynical side suspected that this was a clever ploy to cash in twice on material recorded at the same time. After finally getting my hands on Hypnotize, though, I can honestly say that it was wise for them to go about it the way they did. If both albums were merged into one monster 70+ minute release, it might have been sensory overload for some. Hypnotize is the more thematic of the two and stands up a little better than Mesmerize as a complete work. Daron",0,0,"Nov 23, 2005"
10,"Amazing and even better than Mezmerize. System of a Down in the one band that never dissapoints.",0,0,"Nov 23, 2005"
10,"This album has to be the album of the year!",0,0,"Nov 23, 2005"
9,"Despite the seven month wait, and the subsequent awkward pause between the two discs which takes away some of the power and epic of the combined albums, it's a fantastic ride and probably their best album yet.",0,0,"Nov 23, 2005"
9,"This is the best heavy rock album to come out in years.",0,0,"Nov 23, 2005"
9,"Mezmerize was perfect... this album gets really close to that point.",0,0,"Nov 25, 2005"
10,"This band just did what I thought was impossible, they topped both Mezmerize and Toxicity with this album. Just an unbelievable effort. I still remember the awesome cold chills I got from Toxicity.. Rarely do several albums by one band give you this kind of a rush. The best songs (among other great ones) are probably Tentative, Holy Mountains and the one that brings tears to my eyes, Soldier Side. Best band in rock today.. And the competition don't stand a chance.",0,0,"Nov 26, 2005"
9,"I count 7 tracks on this album which I will listen to over and over again however this number may go up with repeated listens. Compared to many other releases 7/12 tracks is a decent ratio and many albums can't get 7 decent trackes despite having >20 tracks. It has also been commented that with a bit of editing it would be possible to convert the Hypnotize/Mezmerise doulble cd into a single cd, however everone who suggests this gives a different list of tracks that should be cut. I think this shows that SoaD got the track balance about right on this and on Mezmerise. Personally I feel that this is the best SoaD album due to the variety of music on it.",0,0,"Nov 26, 2005"
9,"Not being a die-hard fan, I was very positively surprised by the whole Mezmerize/Hypnotize double-album, with Hypnotize being the better part, in my opinion. While the first two SOAD records were an energy-filled surprise, Mezmerize and Hypnotize are far more mature, colorful, authentic.",0,0,"Nov 27, 2005"
10,"awesome album",0,0,"Nov 27, 2005"
10,"I love SOAD, and they just keep getting better!!!",0,0,"Nov 27, 2005"
10,"grate cd realli completement mesmerize i definatly think this record will please the fans more than the last one did and i belive it will still appeal to the masses as well theres so much here some songs have and epic quality holy mountains tentative etc tht could topple mettalica from there pedastal (the old mettalica from the 80s not as they are now)truely wonderful",0,0,"Nov 28, 2005"
10,"the best cd in my collection if i could give it an 11 i would i admit playing it together is even better but the fact there seperate is quite good dosnt feel incomplete like mesmerize did all being a brilliant album",0,0,"Nov 28, 2005"
10,"The album is great, fresh and it is just what you've expected from SOAD - more different than 'mezmerize' but still cool. I can not say which album is better - 'mezmerize' or 'hypnotize' cause both are parts from a one project and they're based on a one big concept. Now every body knows that SOAD are metal gods and the more important 'new metal' band of all time.",0,0,"Dec 11, 2005"
8,"Mostly good stuff - love Serg's vocals, could do without Darin's most of the time. a few filler songs that could be done away with, but Dreaming and Holy Mountain are worth the cost of the entire CD.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2005"
10,"Toxcity was there best album before HYPNOTIZE because it had staying power that still lasts today. Hypnotize can do almost the same in it's attractive and very addictive tracks. Song after song blast away in true System style like never before. Track number one called 'Attack' sets off the album like 'Prison Song' in Toxcity. A must get album. The more you lsten, the more you find things you never noticed before hand.",0,0,"Dec 22, 2005"
10,"This album is an awesum follow up to the smashing mezmerise album which redefine the modern metal album",0,0,"Dec 23, 2005"
10,"At first I thought that the songs all sounded similar and lacked originality, then after listening to it a few times, I picked out a few favorites such as kill rock 'n' roll, Tentative, She's like Heroin and Lonley Day, possibly the most beautiful system song, and now I appreciate all the songs as unique and awesome works. I really like system's latest works(Mesmerize/Hypnotize).",0,0,"Dec 31, 2005"
10,"This is definatly System Of a Down's best album yet. There is absolutely nothing wrong with it and it basically sounds great while sending a very real and true message to people.",0,0,"Dec 30, 2005"
10,"This is a masterpiece. The sophistication of these songs and their arrangements have grown to the point where I don't think you can really categorize this band any longer. Dreaming, for example, is a remarkably twisty and snarky piece but never loses its power. And power is what this band is all about. The power of their music - the power of their lyrics - and the power of their considerable passion could make this CD, along with Funeral by Arcade Fire, the opening bells in a new era when music once again takes on social significance. And to draw a comparison to another incredible band, does anyone else think that Vicinity of Obscenity would fit right in on a Mr. Bungle CD?",0,0,"Dec  4, 2005"
10,"As with all SOAD albums, it's an acquired taste for some, but one that is richly rewarding for those who stick around",0,0,"Dec  6, 2005"
9,"Good album..I might have like Mesmerize a little bit more but I really do enjoy Hypnotize. Soldier Side is the best ending to the album I could have imagined and along with Lonely Day and Kill Rock and Roll make this a truly inspiring album",0,0,"Dec  6, 2005"
10,"Rock at it's best!!!",0,0,"Oct 25, 2006"
9,"One of their best albums yet",0,0,"Jan 26, 2006"
10,"i disagree with kyle i thinkSOAD really outdid themselfs and i couldn't be happier",0,0,"Feb 11, 2006"
10,"This is System's most powerful, evocative, daring, and artistic album so far, and is a perfect second-half of their double album Mezmerize/Hypnotize. They manage to blend their thrashing, out-of-control rhythms and time signatures with beautiful melodies and vocal artistry that makes every song worth listening to. Despite all of this, they never take themselves too seriously, as is witnessed in the deliciously absurd 'Vicinity of Obscenity.' I've never enjoyed myself more listening to an album, and I'm definitely not a hard rock, heavy metal, anything like that listener. But I don't like to classify System that way, because it almost cheapens and dumbs down their music compared to most crappy music on the radio. It's just heavy enough to have weight and resonate emotionally, but definitely not an overly emotional or moody album. My favorite tracks are Dreaming, Hypnotize, Tentative, and Holy Mountains, but there isn't a single song I couldn't listen to repeatedly. I'll admit that is an unusual thing for me with SOAD, but just about the biggest compliment I can give hypnotize. Just buy it, already!",0,0,"Nov 21, 2005"
10,"Mesmerize was a brilliant starting edition to the double album but Hypnotize was one step greater and it is a strong contender for album of the 21st century.Awesome album.Keep em coming SOAD!!!",0,0,"Nov 22, 2005"
10,"Great album, these guys just know how to plain rock out and have fun. At the same time while having fun they have some meaning to there songs. But music is about having fun, not everything needs to be all smart and lovy dovy. This is just a plain rock hard album, you can't go wrong here! The Mezmerize/Hypnotize project is plain great, really an amazing job!",0,0,"Nov 22, 2005"
9,"CLEARLY one of the best hard rock albums of recent history. Besides MAYBE 2 songs, this album is start to finish brilliance.",0,0,"Nov 22, 2005"
8,"A good album, not great. I'm only one listen in thus far though. Definitely on par with Mezmerize. The last song on the cd is the continuation of the first song off Mezmerize, 'Soldier Side.' It is one of the best songs on the disc.",0,0,"Nov 22, 2005"
10,"It's really important to take in both Mesmerize and Hypnotize as one whole product rather than separates. Mesmerize seems to contain the catchier songs by my judgment, but Hypnotize is every bit as strong musically. They're both great, great albums.",0,0,"Nov 22, 2005"
8,"I can't see myself giving",0,0,"Nov 23, 2005"
9,"i'm a system fan, and i think they continue to grow musically. they are writing songs that flow better than before. in the past some songs have been choppy, but the soft to hard transfers in both mezmerize and hypnotise are much better than previous albums.",0,0,"Nov 23, 2005"
9,"So easy to just sit back and simply Rock. Yes it is nostalgic but its been a while since anyone has done something so basic and unpretentious.",0,0,"Jan 13, 2006"
3,"sounds like death from above 1979 mixing with metallica,slayer,and sabbath....and that's not a good thing at all.",0,0,"Dec 11, 2005"
10,"album of the year...hands down",0,0,"Dec  7, 2005"
10,"thank god this happened",0,0,"Dec 15, 2005"
8,"A 41 eh? I guess we should keep giving albums like the Carter III an 82, because that's talent right? Pathetic. Great Album.",1,1,"Jan  4, 2009"
9,"This is a great album. The songs Nickelback write are amazingly catchy, powerful and well arranged/produced. And try to find a modern rock band that sounds better than Nickelback does live. The songs are just as tight and heavy as they are on the albums. The vocals are pretty much perfect. They sound just like on the album, only more powerful and energetic. Nickelback really knows how to write songs that please their fans AND theirselves. They love their own music just as much as the fans. Amazing muscicians. Amazing songwriting. Sure, the lyrics are pretty much crap, but they are definitely not serious. Actually, they're pretty funny. To me, anyway. Anyway, the music is what counts when it comes to Nickelback. You don't have to love, or even like their music. You just have to know, they are truly talented. I am a successful muscician myself, and I really mean this. Take care /anton.",1,1,"Mar 12, 2009"
9,"I find it interesting that whenever a band puts together meaningful lyrics and meaningful topics it gets skewered by critics. I suppose critics are paid to find something new and different, and if the band has a style that their fans like and stick to it, critics move on. These guys are not doing anything new, and they don't apologize for it. Their music has some significant morals and motives, and they are a ton of fun. I put them in the Creed and 3 Doors Down category. I hope next album they get a bit more edge back, but overall I love these guys.",1,1,"Oct  3, 2008"
8,"Really guys. This is the first album of theirs I have bought and its great. Unapologetic rock. Cliched yes. But isn't that the point ? For all the naysayers out there who seem to be hell bent on knocking these guys: WHY DONT YOU GO AND DO SOMETHING YOURSELVES INSTEAD OF MAKING A CAREER OF KNOCKING OTHERS EFFORTS ? WOULD LOVE TO SEE AND HEAR THAT !! One Life and these lads are living it (unlike you you negative bastards). Keep me posted.",1,1,"May 20, 2008"
9,"To the negative critics of this band and album: take a good hard look in the mirror and ask yourselves what you have done with your lives so far. And spare me the cliched responses. Wishing you all the success with your small and pathetic existinces critcising other peoples' work and success. Still its easier than doing something yourself. Bon Chance ! Christoph",1,1,"May 20, 2008"
8,"To start with let me lay out the obvious: This album is forumulaic, clich and fairly repetetive. In spite of this Nickelback have seemed to have produced, possibly unwillingly, a genuinley fun hard rock record. With the obvious made-to-be-a-single Rockstar to the obligitary ballad, If Nobody Died, this album never suprises but never fails to entertain. With some great riffing and semi-witty lyrics this has great listen again value and some superb sing-alongability.",1,1,"Jul 25, 2008"
8,"I am proud to say Nickelback make good, solid and enjoyable rock music that grows on you. I don't care what the low-scoring lamers say, you cannot recognize music when you hear it. Probably like RAVE and DANCE music don't you? What a sad case.",1,1,"Jul 31, 2008"
10,"Although their best album is (and will most likely always be) 'Silver SIde Up' this is a VERY close second. Every song is memorable, catchy and rewards during repeat listens. Nickelback hit the perfect formula here and haven't been to match it since.",1,1,"Mar 23, 2012"
10,"It is a great album, with great singles and songs. I think the users that don't like this or any other album, song or record doesn't enjoy post- grunge",1,1,"Mar 13, 2012"
10,"Truly the last exceptional Nickelback album.  I'm kind of on the NB hate bandwagon due to their recent releases.  This album is exceptionally heavy and even includes a solo from the legendary Dimebag Darrell  (RIP).  Here and Now was okay, but it was NOTHING compared to this and Silver Side Up.  It's sad that a once great modern rock band has turned to **** with things like auto-tune and synthesized guitars.  As I said, this is the LAST exceptional release by a now-pitiful band.",1,1,"Jun 19, 2012"
8,"dear haters, if ur not **** nickelback fans then dont review their album you knobs! obviously not everyone can like a certain band, but if u dont like them then dont spew **** about them on a page for fans",1,1,"Dec 16, 2012"
8,"A generally good rock album let down only by a few weak songs. The album is littered with ballads and hard rock songs about all those clichd things that the band are so good at writing about. Chad Kroeger knows what his audience wants and has created a perfect album for both Nickelback fans and hard rock lovers. A seriously underrated album.",1,1,"Apr  1, 2013"
7,"Feelings are so intense this album and I do not know if rate it with 7 for his good songs or a 4 because it is a very strong project that overshadows me, but I decide to give it the best because it shows the feelings of any person even expressed equally throughout the album. Nickelback is a band that has music for a long time and you will attract more fans despite its bad reviews.
excellent album with songs like Animals, Photograph, Far Away, Side In A Bullet & Rockstar",1,1,"Dec 17, 2013"
10,"best rock album i have ever heard in my life,great energy,loving the new drums cause i didn't like the drummer they had before, follow you home is a great way to kick off any amazing album, love the ballads too (photograph, savin me, if everyone cared) just an outstanding album",5,7,"Feb 29, 2012"
8,"One of there best albums, it does have one or two lame songs, but this is still an album I recommend if you like rock or are a fan of the band, a great CD.",2,3,"Mar  7, 2011"
10,"To all of the haters: They 'sound like creed', 'they're nothing like def leppard', or my favorite 'sound the exact same' are some of your petty remarks. All I have to do is smile and think when you're in the car and you hear 'rockstar' for the millionth time on the radio because so many people have requested it that you can't help but sing those lyrics-don't deny it. So please, try to comment harshly on Nickelback, because I'm sure your album hasn't sold as many as theirs.",1,2,"Aug 20, 2009"
10,"Another entourage of haters dissing a mainstream artist. I mean really, this album heralded hit after hit, and the only reason people dis it is because they are trying to find existentialism in their last doobie and Bob Dylan record that you have to be high to enjoy!!! Now granted, it is a tad poppy, but it has good tracks on it, but for some people, if it is not a band with hardcore metal guitars and a pitbul barking as the vocalist, it is not meaningful music. It amazes me that people listen to this album and really went out of their way to trash it! I bet they all secretly hum tunes from it when they are alone and don't have any friends there to point and laugh at them. If people could truly become individuals and appreciate things for what they are, rather than hate anything the radio plays and praise artists that do not get any radio play.",1,2,"Sep  1, 2009"
9,"I dont know why exist so much hate on this album! Just listen, Its AWESOME! For me, the best tracks of the album are Photograph, Savin me and Far Away!",1,2,"Jan 14, 2015"
3,"Despite their new drummer, the album doesn't have any huge difference from their previous release The Long Road. Rather than start this album from where The Long Road left off, it pretty much makes a duplicate. The songs don't really have any distinctive quality, either. Often you get the feeling that this band is just plain derivative, instead of adding their own twist to things.The songwriting here is nothing special. The rhyming includes 'photograph' and 'laugh', 'cared' and 'shared', 'lied' and 'cried', 'rockstar' and 'car', among other things. Why didn't these guys just spend a little bit of their time with a rhyming dictionary for better ideas? Instrumentals are quite unimpressive, even with a drummer who proved himself talented in 3 Doors Down. It also seems like cliche is the middle name of all of the Nickelback members.In the end it seems All The Right Reasons was made for all the wrong ones. Which is a shame, because some of the lyrics are actually quite meaningful. It's just that their badly written and boring. Overall, skip this one and look harder for the rare good modern hard rock band.",2,5,"Feb 10, 2011"
1,"Far away rhymes 'late' with 'wait', and of course 'long' with 'along' Pure unadulterated genius. I was starting to think that people were being a little bit too harsh on popular music in general nowadays... UNTIL i heard this album. It just made me realize how you can STILL sell millions upon millions of albums yet with little to no effort put into each song. This is garbage that caters to the lowest common denominator, and there is absolutely nothing on this album that compensates for the boring, trite, slavishly written lyrics, lack of passion, and droning, whiney vocals. Some lines sounds like he wrote them in 2 seconds.. Is it really that hard to go to the book store, pick up a rhyming dictionary, and come up with some better lines? I guess Chad is probably too lazy and is too concerned with $$$. Even if it's not as bad as alot of th youth-oriented/mainstream R&B (e.g. justin bieber) and most mainstream rap that you hear on the radio today, (which is why i didn't give a 0) it's still terrible... end of story
Oh yea... If you want to hear GOOD albums (that have come out in recent time)... Kanye West's 'My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy' Stone Temple Pilots self-titled album, Rob Thomas's Cradlesong or Radiohead's 'The King of Limbs', just to name a few",1,4,"Mar 18, 2011"
6,"Nickelback start feeling like a typical rock band that you  heard before, almost all the songs  feels the same, no strong emotions. I think he just did it for the money.",1,4,"Aug 24, 2011"
1,"The only reason it doesnt get a zero is because its music. really BAD music. why so these guys get so much airplay? all the songs sound the same, boring post grunge rock. its a dying genre. if you want a real band try rise against.",0,2,"Aug  4, 2008"
0,"Super Job! :~} Oh yeah just great the length the went to to pretend they matter. What a disguiting contribution to the world of music. This garbage sells best at red-neck convention #1, Wal-Mart. Somebody giving this disk worth of BULL%&*% anything over 4 would only be capable of giving a review as rich and in depth as 'two words simpley.awsome.' which did a fine job misspelling the words simply and awesome. How about, 'super job.......chad sounds great in photograph,' excellent use of '........' when its really needed! Super job reviewing and telling us of Chad's super duper voice in 'Photograph', you must have a Pulitzer eh? No of course not you'd be banned from wal-mart if you had an award in distinguished writing and then where would you have purchased good ole' All the Right Reasons. One song that is just rich in social commentary is 'If Everyone Cared' thats where they show their sophisticate side we lines like this,' If everyone cared and nobody lied, If everyone shared and swallowed their pride, Then we'd see the day when nobody died,' aww how moving. Honestly are they refering to a war of some sort, world leaders? Does it even matter what they refer to? Radiohead is nothing compared to these cool dudes in Nickelback and their cool guitars, drums, bass and vocal line-up. If you purchased this baby at Wal-Mart you also got a bonus track! Its the band covering Queen's 'We Will Rock You,' obviously appealing to the southern eardrum and obviously being a terrible cover. The fact that radio hit 'Photograph,' a @#$$load of words being screamed about Chad boy's adolescence in photobook form peaked #2 on the Billboard Hot 100 just tells you how 98 other songs could ignored by the US crowd. This band can not compare to any other Canadian band. These guys make Canada look like a joke and the fact that the Arcade Fire is not as big there or in the US tells you how terrible the education system must be. Damn you Bush look what you've done! But lets not just blame these two countries, lets blame the whole world! Worldwide over 7,000,000 copies have been sold, in both the USA and Canda they have reached 5x platnium. Do you see why this matters? It matters because right now so many people are allowing the world to breed the music of money whores and ignorance. That we allow this in our homes not just in the United States, but the world. Can nobody else say the truth? My name is Jonas Feathers and I wonder what would happed 'If Everyone Cared'. :[",0,1,"Mar 11, 2007"
0,"Oh dear... another Nickleback album. How can you tell? Because the whole album sound the same from beginning to end. The only difference is the tone of the lead singers droning, undeveloped, amateur vocals.",0,1,"Apr 12, 2007"
0,"Horrible... just horrible... my girlfriend gave me this peice of trash and i have to pretend to like it. EVERY SONG IS AT THE SAME TEMPO!",0,1,"Jun 14, 2007"
0,"Sometimes, music can blow my mind, like the first time I heard the Arcade Fire or when I listened through Panda Bear's Person Pitch. Sometimes music blows my mind for horrible reasons. Like this band, which is like opening the Lost Ark and having your head melt and explode, with this god awful music being the last thing you experience. It actually hurts to listen to Nickleback. I think I would have been more comfortable with an ice pick jabbed through my ears than when listening to 'Photograph'. And when you hear 'Rock Star' and ponder how anyone could write music this bad, you might just have your mind blown too. And now bands like Hinder are actually coppying this sin against humanity of a band. Maybe this really is the death of popular rock...",0,1,"Aug  6, 2007"
0,"Nickelback has ruined rock as we know it. There lyrics have know meaning, just the same lovey dovey, sad and lonely song over and over again. This album beats you to death with sex and love songs like the rest of nickelback's albums. There is no meaning at all.",0,2,"Sep  4, 2008"
1,"Who are these people below me? Are they really serious? This must be some kind of joke. Quote: 'clearly the people that gave this a album a zero dont know anything about music'--that about Nickelback? aka the fourth cycle of grunge lite? completely trite, profoundly unoriginal corporate fm sludge? There's something here.",0,1,"Nov  1, 2005"
0,"Nickelback return with yet another dismal album with samey songs that will bore you.",0,1,"Nov  2, 2005"
0,"no . stop.",0,1,"Oct 24, 2005"
0,"I'm not proud to be Canadian anymore... Worst album ever by one of the worst band in the history of our Country. I can't believe they actually sell cd's...",0,1,"Oct 26, 2005"
0,"enough!",0,1,"Oct 26, 2005"
1,"Notice that everyone who has reviewed this album with a glowing response barely has the intellectual capacity to even remotely command the English language in a correct manner. If you examine that the intellect of the crowd that lauds Nickelback is remarkably apparent. Just like the contrived idiocy of this album.",0,1,"Oct 29, 2005"
0,"One of the worst bands in recent memory. One needs look no further than that the two clone songs 'How You Remind Me' and 'Someday.' How can a band release two songs two years apart that sound nearly exactly the same? A shame to Canadian music and music in general.",0,1,"Oct 31, 2005"
0,"Wow...looks like the same guy decided to raise the rating. Either that or it's just one huge, inbred family. Nice one, guys. You sure know how to show a girl a good time.",0,1,"Oct 30, 2005"
0,"Um... yeah... This album is just plain not good.",0,1,"Jan  1, 2006"
1,"Terrible and dull. A really boring and stupid album.",0,1,"Jan  1, 2006"
0,"Kris B seems to think that the genocide that is Nickelback has something to do with Kurt Cobain. Are you insane - don't blame a visionary for the commodified and hollow way Nickelback uses rock/metal. This record is on par with the worst modern music has to offer, and that is saying alot. Unfortunatly people cannot help but lap it up.",0,1,"Jan  2, 2006"
0,"More self-conscious throat rock from the everyband",0,1,"Jan 20, 2006"
2,"Ok i have listened to the first 4 nickelband albums and they were good. So i thought id give this album a try and how i regret it so. First off everyone needs to relize one thing. CHAD CANT SING! Honestly and Photogragh sounded like a warped version of someday. There is not even one song on this album that stands out. Even the bands chad krouger helps have made better albums then his band this year. Aka Default, Theory Of A Dead man. Way better albums. I dont see a reason how these guys are still around a complete and utterly bland album. Check Out the new Default Album it's 10X better then this pos of an album",0,1,"Jan  4, 2006"
0,"Oh yeah, I've been subjected to this entire cd multiple times by my carpool buddies, and to me it has the force of a long, listless anal probe. Yee gads, this is just pure, unadulterated corporate Product Rock. No soul, no wit, no creativity, no value. It has all the artistic and creative legitimacy of Ashlee Simpson. Even the 'rockin'' tunes are so slick and overproduced it's like dancing to a focus group. This is the kind of heinous garbage that spawned the punk movement in the 70's.",0,1,"Jan  5, 2006"
2,"They rewrote the album for the 3rd time. and god this band was decent back in when they made the State. Everything since Silver side up is derirvative. Example: how you remind me- someday- save me are essentially the same song. This time they just added softer songs compared to their last couple of cds. Besides, they were not original in the first pkace. I agree with the guy a few reviewers below me that they had to sing about drugs, wild sex(animals), being a rockstar(rockstar the song itself the same as the last song from the last record See you at the Show). In other words, there are much better bands out there...check out wolfmother, new pearl jam, well most stuff is better than nickelback. However, nickelback is not bad as those emo, r&b, and alot of mainstream rap which saves them from a 0.",0,1,"May  6, 2006"
1,"Well, well, well, progressive rock band Nickelcreed is back with another album. This is the one where Chad goes on tour, shaves himself a reverse mohawk, dresses up like a sunflower, and sings 'Someday' to the local church youth group. You know, even the sameyness of the songs (I wouldm have gone as high as a 3 if these were original compositions!) doesn't bother me as much as these two things: the banal lyrics and Chad Kroeger's annoying whiny voice. Firstly, why does he have to sound like a tough guy processed through a computer? and what happened to being post-post-post-Grunge? This is 'hard' rock, if anything. And radio-ready, pansy wannabe rock. Heck, these guys probably even know they suck, but just want to make the $$$. And I absolutely hate these bands that have to act so serious... like they really cared about doing this. Even in the tongue-in-cheek stuff ('Rock Star'), it's the same cry-down-to-earth spew that is supposed to move you, but the only thing it moves is my bowels. Excuse me for a moment... *FLUSH* Okay, where was I? Ohh, Theory of a Nickelback album. Anyway, 'Savin' Me'... ok, we re-arranged some old song and added these cool fade effects where Chad still does the same 8 or 9 syllable line between the chorus that always bugs the shit out of me. 'Photograph': You know it, starts off with cheesy radio lyrics 'Look at this photograph/Every time I look at it it makes me laugh'... Aww, I didn't know Chad the poet could laugh. In fact, I didn't know Chad the studio automaton could show ANY emotional range at all. And then we have to start 'rocking' the chorus so you know we REALLY MEAN IT! We're SERIOUS MAN! This is SERIOUS STUFF! STOP LAUGHING AT IT!",0,1,"Jun 20, 2006"
1,"They suck.",0,1,"Jul 30, 2006"
1,"Overly contrived and predictable, it lacks the artistic credibilty and merit that makes an album interesting. I do not want to sound cliched, but Nickelback tends to form the epitome of a mass-produced, corporate act, sounding bland and strained, not giving a listener anything to walk away with. I hate to stoop this low, but Pearl Jam was good 12 years ago and still fine now, why listen to a copy that falls short?",0,1,"Feb  9, 2007"
2,"I give this a number 2 becasue their music sounds like 'number 2'. This is the same boring god-awful, manufactured, contrived, and overly produced crap I always hear on the radio. Why is this band labled 'alternative'? An alternative to what? It sounds like every other 'corporate rock' crap that is played on the radio. The lead singer sings like he's taking a dump and all the songs sound the same. This band is lacking in originality and creativity. There are so many other great artists on smaller independent lables ... It's a pitty they don't get the airplay they deserve. Anyway, I just wonder how much money these huge record companies are paying these radio stations to play their shit.",0,1,"Mar  1, 2007"
0,"Do I really need to comment about this trash?",0,1,"Mar  9, 2007"
0,"Nickleback is terrible",0,1,"Apr 30, 2007"
0,"No one good song on this O_O",0,1,"May 19, 2007"
10,"idk y ppl think this album sucks kus it rocks best one so far and nickelbacks albums all rock",0,1,"Jun  6, 2007"
0,"I actually haven't heard this album, but I had to bring down the overall score after having listened to this: http://www.thewebshite.net/nickelback.htm . I feel bad for all their poor fans that are deluded by their rewriting songs over and over.",0,1,"Jul  8, 2007"
0,"Can I go lower, no. But my rating is to high",0,1,"Aug  6, 2007"
0,"I absolutely adore the fact that the best thing that can be said about this band is either pointless (chad sounds great), narcissisistic (Some people probably just judge them on the 2 songs that sound similar. Of course they do. Chad probably got the inspiration from listening to that song.), or bisteringly irrellevant (They Rock so hard!). However, one comment couldn't be more right, ' Nickelback prodecude the goods once more.' I indeed felt like my goods were prodecuded by Nickelback, and to be honest, I felt violated.",0,1,"Sep  7, 2007"
0,"iis josh c delirious ? are you saying this piece of crap album is better than all the rock albums released after 1987 ? so your saying that this 'album' is better than nirvanas never mind or Green days dookie or all pearl jam or the chili peppers ? well pal you must be smoking something cos that statement is so laughable. i got this cd from a relative for Christmas , shed forgotten to remove the 'get this cd for ten dollars' sticker on it, this band is horrible they are simply just unimaginative and un inspiring they're as bland as a piece of white bread. i cant believe your having a go at arcade fire , their music is different and if different music confuses you and the four other nickelback fans well obviously nickelback fans are imbeciles. death cab for cutie is a brilliant outfit they're music speaaks its smart its well written structured and produced the songs are never bland they are brilliant without a reason. no everyone should not buy this album everyone should forget nickelback exists.",0,1,"Jan 10, 2008"
3,"Generic arena-rock ('Animals,' 'Follow You Home') with the occasional decent but unexceptional ballad ('If Everyone Cared'). Pick up a couple Pearl Jam or Nirvana records instead.",0,2,"Dec 20, 2008"
2,"Nickelback is just what's wrong with popular rock...or popular music in general. For them and their peers, it's all about sounding big and tough. Heavy guitars, gravelly vocals x10. But it's all the same stylistic nonsense that bands have been doing since Nirvana split. Equally dismal is the fact that their teenage fans can do nothing to defend them except hurl curses and death threats at negative reviewers. I used to be that young, and I used to think that that 'jock-rock' would make me cool if I listened to it. Then I got older, and I realized it was all calculated major-label radio trash. You kids should get back to us in 10 years.",0,2,"May 11, 2008"
0,"Only half decent song is 'Animals. Too bad there aren't only 10 songs on this album, because if there were, it could get a dismal 1/10. But since there are 11, it still gets a 0. I'm embarrassed that the bum of a lead singer lives in my town. They suck, and always will. This isn't because I don't like them. It's because they suck. I'm also glad that 15 yr olds don't pick what's on the radio. From the mouth of Claudio Snchez of Coheed and Cambria, 'Listen to Maiden.'",0,2,"Jun 17, 2008"
1,"God these guys are horrible. Trite lyrics stacked on stilted hooks backed by an image that is such a facade that just hearing their name makes my brain vomit.",0,1,"Nov  1, 2005"
0,"this is not music its something you find at the bottom of youre toilet",0,1,"Nov 18, 2005"
0,"Yes..........Canada.........your indie music scene has taken you out of 'music hell', but I'll never be able to forgive you for this pitiful band. People that support Nickelback have the worst taste in music and have absolutely zero intelligence. Plain and simple.",0,1,"Nov  2, 2005"
0,"If you like this album, you're either hopeless or ignorant. For the hopeless, just go on with your worthless lives and bask in the glory that is Nickelback. For the ignorant, you really need to help yourself, for the sake of dignity at least. If this horrible music taps some kind of emotion for you, I guarantee you that there are dozens of other bands who could satisfy that emotion ten times more. So please, please seek out that better music, not just for you, but for your children, and your children's children. We can't continue giving our money to Freddy Kruger and all those other criminals who try to ruin music.",0,1,"Nov 26, 2005"
0,"My pick for the biggest embarrasment to our generation. I dont want to take credit for these dumbasses, this is the worst music I have ever heard out of grown men.",0,1,"Nov 20, 2005"
0,"Unoriginal and boring.",0,1,"Nov  2, 2005"
0,"Why must albums like this exist? More importantly, how can anyone listen to this and think, 'Wow, that's an incredibly creative, unique, and talented band!'? This is talentless fluff rock created with the sole intent of FM radio play to the vapid hoi poloi that is 99.9% of radio listeners.",0,1,"Nov  4, 2005"
0,"I havent even listened to it and i will never. I just hate Nickelback and i always will. They are the worst band ever. THe world would be a better place without their stupid bullshite songs. I hate them.",0,1,"Dec 17, 2005"
0,"Truly the wosrt album of 2005, which was overall a pretty great year for new music. 'Photograph' sounds like it was written by a 14 year-old (one couplet rhymes 'up' with 'up', followed by 'out' with 'out') and the bland, irrelevance of a post-post-post-post-Pearl Jam makes it just intolerable. It's one of the few albums on Metacritic that truly deserves a 0 - every one of you giving it a 10 now will be trading it in at the used CD store in 3 years thinking to yourself 'I used to really like this album, but I just don't listen to it anymore' - and that will be because it's shallow, meaningless, pablum.",0,1,"Dec 22, 2005"
0,"yikes",0,2,"Oct 24, 2005"
0,"...come back, new kids on the block, everything is forgiven and forgotten!",0,1,"Oct 24, 2005"
0,"On behalf of all Canadians, I'm really sorry.",0,1,"Oct 26, 2005"
0,"lame. so very very lame",0,1,"Oct 26, 2005"
0,"Can I give less than 0? I guess not....one of the great mysteries of life is the fact that there are people out there that consume this garbage and fuel the relentless egotism that is Nickleback",0,1,"Dec  6, 2005"
0,"Are these people serious about the album of the year comments? This must be the only album they've listened to this year. Someone please stop Nickelback from making another record before it's too late!",0,1,"Oct 29, 2005"
0,"This album was so amazing! This is going to be album of the year without a doubt, there is no one even going to come close to making an album as good as this! Sufjan Stevens? Pssh, let's hear it for Nickelback!",0,1,"Oct 30, 2005"
0,"nickleback are shit. grunge is shit, this record (yes you've guesed it) is..........SHIT",0,1,"Jan 14, 2006"
0,"Cliched, commercial rock music. They set out to be grunge, but they miss what grunge was about; fucking the mainstream. The songs all sound the same and these guys have less talent than three oysters and a tuba.",0,1,"Dec 19, 2006"
0,"One of the most annoying, shitty bands I've ever heard. I just wish I could reach through my TV screen/radio and plant my foot in their faces.",0,1,"Dec  1, 2006"
0,"lol at the person who thinks we hate nickelback because they are Canadian. We hate them because they suck. Rush are Canadian and I love them. Neil Young is Canadian and he's also one of my favorite artists.",0,1,"Oct 12, 2008"
2,"Most people who like this album are already just fans of the band, and not neccasarily music, this album is nothing more than rock n roll cliche made into songs.",0,1,"Dec  1, 2008"
0,"This album is just awful, and yes, i would and have said that to a Nickelback fan's face. They need to stop doing acoustic songs, and maybe try songs that are a little less recycled.",0,1,"Jul 15, 2008"
0,"This is the decadence of music. The overproduced and terribly cliche themes make this one of the worst listens anyone can ever imagine. They are an embarassment to all real musicians. Canadaians don't embrace them and only Americans ignorant and brainwashed enough to enjoy this will. This is by far the worst band ever. Its sad when they are trying to be the new Creed and still sound just as pathetic. THis album will make you dumber for listening to it not to mention give you a painful headache.",0,1,"Sep  4, 2008"
0,"Nickelback kills rock like Grant kills his men.",0,2,"Jan 10, 2009"
1,"This album should be recalled, melted down, and put into something more useful.",0,1,"Aug  6, 2009"
0,"So bad, I really wish I could unlisten to it. Mr Kroeger? I want those 40 minutes back!",0,1,"Sep 19, 2009"
0,"If only they would just fall over and die. They are no better than an emo band, except at least emo admits their pussy",0,1,"May 27, 2007"
0,"Nickelback has cliche rock music, all the songs are the same, it's pretty much complete garbage. Do yourself a favor and never listen to this album again.",0,1,"Feb 16, 2008"
0,"Doesn't merit any comment.",0,1,"Mar 21, 2008"
0,"It's bad. It's just bad.",0,1,"Mar 29, 2008"
0,"Well folks it seems as though popular music has gone to the shit hole.. This is bad for probably 5 reasons: Reason 1- Chad Kroeger's voice is grating. Reason 2- No matter where the fuck I go I hear Nickleback ( sure they are popular, it just means that simple people which is the majority of this country love them by the way...ya'll also voted for Bush!) 3. The inspiration for their songs is very shallow. 4) The songs aren't really original, they're simply clones of songs that have already been made. 5) Did I mention that I hated Chad Kroeger's voice? Listen to it...over and over... and see that the music doesn't warrant further listening.",0,1,"May 19, 2008"
2,"Apparently Nickelback have taken the 'Recycle' campaigns to heart, as every Nickelback song sounds (mostly) the same. They harmonize and junk the same way. Too bad its all boring and generic! Notice all the good reviews. What do they say? 'Your just jelous!' or 'They sold more!' Well, if selling records makes an album good, then MC Hammer isn't just a rip-off, he has TALENT! Seriously, folks, lets be realistic, what has Nickelback done to expand post-grunge? For that matter, what is the difference between Creed and Nickelback? Oh, right, Chad Kroeger can't sing. (Don't believe me? Listen to 'If everyone cared'...if your ears ain't bleeding from the cheesy climax of the song, you obviously haven't heard much music). Chad Kroeger has an incredibly grating voice, and he writes cliched lyrics. At times, it sounds like if it took him 1 minute to write the whole lyrics of the album (if everyone lied/nobody would die, psh, easy rhyme!). Nothing in this album is original, and really, when not proudly waving the banner of generic, they tap dance their way into 'cheesy' territory. Ballads, suck! And care to tell me the difference between this and their previous album? Didn't think so. All in all, this is very much representative of horrible radio rock. Think of it as the time in Rock History where all those crappy Arena Rock bands began to appear (no not Def Leppard, I'm talking about the ones who shamelessly copied them). Sure, they sold a lot, but no one will care about them in a few years. Nickelback, you suck. You are generic, safe. And in case you don't believe me that this album was just made to sell, Kroeger himself admitted it. 'We are on autopilot.' Too bad your fans want you to crash into the spot of 'Worst, Generic, Cheesiest band ever'. But never fear, Hinder is already there!",0,1,"Jan 19, 2009"
1,"If you want to be able to sing the songs to the band before you have fully heard the song, then this band is for you , everything is so predictable down to the melody. This is the most generic and cliche band ever, I can dream this will be the worst but I can only hope. If you actually happen to like this band you have extremely low expectations.",0,1,"Jul 19, 2009"
2,"The best Nickelback album is around a 5.5 out of 10. This one is a 2.",0,1,"Nov 18, 2005"
0,"Pointless lyrics, blander songs cannot be found. Stylistically, a studio-created mash-up of Metallica, Pearl Jam, and Creed. This band has no sound of its own. Nickelback epitomizes what is wrong with music today.",0,1,"Dec 28, 2008"
0,"hi, i'm sorry, i just see only two extreme sides to the argument. and almost no middle.now, i know my review suggests i'm not in the middle too, but at least let us give credit where credit is due.first of all, chad kroeger is an amazing singer.great capabilities, and great presence. - that much is true.other than that, we are definitely talking about one of the most horrible bands in recent years.absolutely  no originality whatsoever.lyrics that are obviously trying to get 13 year old boys and girls excited.talking about wanting to be a rockstar? i mean, since when did intelligent thinking lose its weight in music evaluation? and the most predictable lyrics i've ever friggin' seen, no depth, no nothing!about the playboy mansion and fifteen cars.. aren't these guys in their late 30's by now? is this for real?it is borderline retarded! and just thinking that someone (EVER) compared this band to pearl jam or other bands as such makes me wanna vomit..my god people.. listen to words by eddie vedder.. actual depth.. his no poet.. and he does slip into cliches now and again.. but he has substance.. this has nothing.. bad rhymes with the catchiest melodies they could think of!! you know why certain melodies are catchy?? cuz you friggin' heard them before a million times!! in fact, you heard them on the last nickelback album!!i would seriously reconsider my friendship with any person who claims he likes nickelback. this album, and for that matter, their body of... um.. work.. is an insult to human intelligence.its fine when you are 12-13, i mean, it is eye level with you and it is exciting.but this is no music for grown people.this is eye level to them becuz nickelback think like twelve year olds.btw - the first time i heard nickelback was 'hero' which is not exactly nickelback, but same same.. and i remember thinking - this is a bit too popy.. but there is a sleight chance there is something behind this band... TOTALY **** WRONG",0,3,"Nov 25, 2011"
1,"I don't even know what to say. It's goddamn Nickelback. It's not incompetently structured, but like... why does this even exist?",0,1,"Oct 30, 2012"
0,"dear nickelback, stop making music. Your songs all sound alike, all their songs are about sex, drinking, and partying, your lyrics are boring, generic, and just uninspired. These guys killed post grunge with a shovel and creed made sure it stayed dead.",0,1,"May 21, 2014"
0,"A bunch of groaning and terrible talent.  I am not surprised that people in Portugal chunked rocks at them.  They are extremely bland and their songs have the most shallow meanings that my Yorkshire Terrier's defecation sounds better and sound more deep than this abomination.  I am a fan of rock and all genres of music... but this? WAT DA F#$ IS DIZ!?!?!?!",0,2,"Apr 11, 2013"
6,"Definitely not their best album but listenable at best. They really don't help themselves with 'Rockstar' when it comes to repelling haters. If you're going to stop people from mocking you, don't do a song that's intended to mock yourself so you can show a less serious side to your band. The meaningful lyrics give the listener some interest in the album but 'Follow You Home' and 'Side of a Bullet' being put on the same album as 'Photograph' and 'If Everyone Cared' kind of ruins their attempt at mixing pop rock and heavy rock together. Doesn't sound right",0,1,"Jun 15, 2013"
0,"In a career of average albums with one or two good songs, Nickelback apparently just decided to not even try on this one. Every single song, even the gentle love songs, are so cheesy and devoid of emotion they are hard to even listen to more than a few seconds, with the hard rocking songs also being so shallow and obnoxious I felt like I might be  And do not even get me started on 'Rockstar,' which might just take the prize as the worst song ever. Regardless, diehard fans of Nickelback might still find reasons to like this album, but anyone else should avoid All The Right Reasons at all costs (wow, even my criticism doesn't sound right).
Note: I actually am not a Nickelback hater as many people reading this review might assume, as I actually like many of the singles they have released throughout the years. I just think this album is one of the worst albums ever.",0,1,"Dec 30, 2013"
10,"Easily the best rock album since the year 1987. I hate the people that say Nickleback sucks, cause, well they don't. It's bands like The Arcade Fire who like use a lot of instruments that sound 'different', and also John Vanderslice, he records all of his own music which is just silly, he works too hard. Nickleback takes the easy way out and uses very similar chord structures to each of their songs, so as not to confuse it's audience, myself included. I like that if I turn on the radio at like noon I can hear Nickleback, and if I turn on the radio at like 12:13 I can hear Nickleback, I'm not sure if they are playing the same song or not, but really who can? P.S. Death Cab sucks... and the new Tegan and Sara album is horrible... And the Beatles? I wish they would have been inspired by Nickleback. Nuff said. Everyone should buy this new Nickleback album, and then bite a curb.",0,0,"Oct  9, 2007"
10,"More often than not, records with real staying power don't provide instant gratification. That's sad, since the winds of change",0,0,"Feb 13, 2008"
10,"Disturbed's best album.",2,2,"Jan  2, 2009"
10,"Finally, a metal CD for adults. Draiman has a rhythmic delivery and his lyrics actually say something. The production is ferocious, the guitars and drums are tight, and the arrangements are powerful. If you don't like this disc you don't like metal. Rivals classic albums from my metalhead days in the 80s and quite frankly makes The Sickness sound limp and dated. From start to finish Ten Thousand Fists delivers the goods. They take aim at posers on Sons Of Plunder and it would be hard to think of the current crop of rap rockers and MTV punkers following that on stage. Give your car stereo a treat and turn this one way, WAY up.",1,1,"Oct 30, 2005"
9,"I am extremely confused at the mixed reviews of this album. I've been a sideline fan of Disturbed since their first album, but this time they have sealed the deal and I am a full on believer. The sound on this album is incredibly tight and each song offers a great listening experience. Excellent!",1,1,"Jan  4, 2006"
8,"Is it a perfect album? No. Does it deserve a 59 out of 100? No. Yes, it is repetetive, but I still see bands like the Jonas Brothers commit this same 'unforgivable sin,' and get off scot-free. Overall, it's a good album. Not perfect, but still good.",1,1,"Oct  9, 2008"
10,"wow........... a 56???? you guy really need to borrow a taste in music from someone because this album kicked ass!",1,1,"Jul 28, 2011"
0,"Disturbing indeed...",0,2,"Oct 26, 2005"
0,"Nothing innovative here, it all sounds the same. The sad thing is that this is what people think metal has to offer. That is truly a crime.",0,1,"Jan 11, 2009"
0,"Who can make a weird laughing noise, crappy lyrics, and god awful melodies likable?... Noone.",0,1,"Jul 19, 2009"
1,"Creative? Oh my god............you people are brainwashed. This is middle of the road and feed to the radio masses crap. Why don't you guys crawl out of your safety nets and explore 'creative' and 'honest' music. Ahem......that means you actually gotta look and instead of being spoon fed my MTV and the modern rock drivel radio stations. Man oh man...........air pollution is getting out of hand these days.",0,1,"Nov 23, 2005"
5,"It's all about shouting and nothing else...",0,4,"Oct 25, 2005"
2,"Disturbed is a band that gets by on feeding kids like Justin S. mindless crap in the form of muted powerchords and tasteless growls. Creativity, my friends, is the one word NOT to associate with this album. I'd sum up this album in three simple words, DO NOT BUY.",0,2,"Nov  9, 2005"
10,"qqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq",0,1,"Dec 20, 2011"
10,"one of the best albums out there. yall haters must not even like music at all. disturbed was from chicago, il",0,0,"Jan  7, 2006"
10,"i freakin love this album it is the best shit ever better than the sickness. IF YOU LIKE DISTURBED THAN GET THIS. the critics dont know shit screw them",0,0,"Apr 10, 2006"
8,"Generally a strong album, with a few weaker tracks. Tracks such as 'Stricken', and the cover of 'Land of Confusion' make this album stand out, but unfortunately, Disturbed could have made this album stronger with the inclusion of some B-Sides such as 'Sickened' or 'Monster'.",0,0,"Jun  7, 2009"
10,"This is one of the greatest albums in metal history,and if you don't like this album you are #1 rap fan.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2005"
9,"Disturbed has taken the best parts of Sickness and Believe to make one awesome album. They are easily the best metal act around.",0,0,"Oct 25, 2005"
7,"Let me introduce myself first. I am not fan of the Mainstream Metal, instead i'm deeply into the underground scene with godly bands like Exodus, Nevermore, Opeth, Pain Of Salvation, Suffocation, etc. To be honest this is nothing in comparison to any Opeth or Nevermore album but Imo it's one of the best Mainstream Metal albums I've heard in years.",0,0,"Dec  8, 2006"
10,"I'm With Rock Er on this, Disturbed has definitly shown their worth, and the critics only judge critically because they don't relate.",0,0,"Oct  4, 2006"
10,"Fuck the critics. What the Fuck is New Musical Express? It sounds like the fast food starbucks version of music. This is Fucking art.",0,0,"Mar  6, 2006"
6,"I really like the raw quality of Down With the Sickness. Believe and Ten Thousand Fists have a polished, preachy, glam quality that I'm sorry to say disappoints me. I really like the band. They are tight and talented. It just seems like after their first album they sold out to the corporate machine. Now they seem to play the same general song over and over. No more Dropping Plates. No more Stupify. Just glam-slick, Believe-style heavy metal with David's vocals glistening with slick sound effect. I guess some people might like that. I liked the raw better. Metallica always had the ability to keep the rawness. I guess their music evolved with them, and not every one of their songs is totally amazing. You could really tell that music was their living. I wish Disturbed had been able to keep the powerof their first album. I haven't heard their newest album, Indestructable. I will be looking forward to it, and hoping for the best!",0,0,"Jul 31, 2008"
9,"Best Disturbed album ever! All who don't like this, just have an other taste.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2009"
10,"Okay, everyone who is posting crap, stop. i bet all you do with your life is go around from metal album to rock album and just write a bad review.",0,0,"Jan 21, 2010"
10,"I've been listening to Disturbed since The Sickness came out. By far, I believe they are the best band out there. The Sickness remains my favorite album of any, but 10,000 Fists is very easily number two. To all of you who felt the need, and still feel the need to degrade Disturbed; if you are not too busy to get away from you're narrow minds, just take a look at the lyrics of Disturbed's albums, mainly 10,000 Fists. If you have any depth in you, you will find that the words that are spoken, and sometimes shouted, are VERY deep and meaningful. For those of you who voted 10 as I did, stand strong and keep your fists in the air.",0,0,"Nov 30, 2005"
10,"effing AMAZING!!! My absolute favorite album!!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Nov  4, 2005"
10,"really effin' good!!",0,0,"Nov  4, 2005"
10,"a perfect 10 just like their other albums, they are one of the most creative bands out there if not the most.",0,0,"Nov  6, 2005"
10,"This may not be their absolute best album, but it's still awesome. There is not one song on this CD that I did not love.",0,0,"Dec 16, 2005"
10,"I think they did a great job on this cd. And to any one that donsnt think so your stupid. To T1 dont be Mad cause they make more money than you. And david draiman Is hot. Dont be a hater.!!!!!!",0,0,"Dec 25, 2005"
10,"This albums is in my opinion their strongest. They've learned from their ventures into more melodic music and brought back the harder edged stuff. Their sound has certainly progressed but not by much. Which is a shame. However, I think that they'll be ready now to advance. If not, and they just start to repeat themselves on the next album I'm going to be very dissapointed. also... this has the best cover verson of the year on it",0,0,"Dec 28, 2005"
9,"Anyone who could give Ten Thousand Fists a bad review Obviously hasn't heard the album. The idots probably picked up an Ashley Simpson album instead. Disturbed's latest starts off with 7 songs that could all 'top the charts' so to speak. Just Stop, Guarded, and Sons of Plunder are all especially great. Then the second half of the album starts out with Overburdened, which is also awesome, then after Overburdened, some tracks do start to run together and sound similar but if you listen to them a few times, you'll appreciate each of them. This is a great CD that you Need to buy.",0,0,"Dec 31, 2005"
10,"This is easily their best CD. Then again, Disturbed is AMAZING. Eff Ell, you're an idiot.",0,0,"Oct 29, 2005"
10,"Deals wonderfully with present day issues. Awesome CD!",0,0,"Oct 31, 2005"
10,"this albums rocks",0,0,"Oct 31, 2005"
10,"totally satisfied with this album. any disturbed fan should immediately go out and buy this if they haven't already. as with their other albums this band really knows how to get their fans movin.... ;) and once again they've taken an old song and covered it better than the original!",0,0,"Jan 10, 2006"
10,"I am 52 years old and last night was the best show I have ever seen, it just kick ass...",0,0,"Nov 20, 2006"
10,"i love this album better than the other ones. they really kicked ass on this one. and T1, you have no idea what you are talking about. just because u cant pull ur head out of ur ass and realize that there is other music out there, doesnt mean that this isnt an awesome album. it is clearly u who is out of the safety net. next time read the lyrics b4 you trash it.",0,0,"Oct 19, 2006"
10,"I have all of disturbed's albums and i love all of them i think this album is really good to it is probally second t only the sickness album the only problem is there are so many songs on it i cant tell wicth is my favorite and WHO EVRE GIVES THIS A RATING BELOW A 9 IS FREAKIN RETARTED AND IS NOT A MUSIC FAN.",0,0,"Jan  3, 2006"
9,"I don't care what anybody says... Disturbed has no equal in my ears. I admit, they're far from perfect, but they're closer than any I've yet heard. Ten thousand fists in the air, indeed.",0,0,"Jan 11, 2007"
10,"When this CD came out, it was in my CD player for six months straight. I even went to the concert on Thanksgiving night of all nights!! I have yet to find another CD that will live in my CD player that long.",0,0,"Jan  7, 2007"
9,"How can u expect a band to create something entirely new every album?are u telling me a bands only good if they make every album sound completely different?lets see u try and make something completely different then,disturbed has there own awesome style and i love it,it defines them.",0,0,"Mar 15, 2007"
9,"I wouldn't say I'm a metal fan, much less a Disturbed fan. I didn't care for 'The Sickness.' But after hearing their new song Into the Fire on the radio, something convinced me to take another listen. I ended up going straight out to buy this album and I have no regrets. Straight up, this album rocks. Best played at high volume, it relentlessly pummels you until you pretty much have to go out and break something. Awesome.",0,0,"Mar 28, 2008"
10,"Yahoo Ten thousand fists in the air Better believe it buster.",0,0,"Apr 18, 2008"
10,"The only was to describe it... masterpiece.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2008"
9,"I gotta say metacritic makes good albums look BAD. Its the stupid curving thing, I dont care if all the albums are clumped together IT DOESNT MAKE ANY SENSE. What if most of the albums that year were really bad, and then the best of the worst got 100? people would think it was really good and it would turn out to be really bad! Or if they were all really good and the worst of the best got a 10 but it was awesome! use some common sense! And the only reason I'm giving this a 9 instead of a 10 is because of land of confusion. Which sucks.",0,0,"Aug 10, 2008"
9,"Ahhh, that hits the spot! Much like a hot cup of Kona Coffee, this album gets right on top of ya, gets the job done. Not full of flavor, but just the thing when there are zombies to kill. Ok, so I haven't actually found any zombies hell-bent on gnawing out my carotid artery to kill, but when I do... this will be the soundtrack. Don't get me wrong, I know good metal and this ain't it, but... I like it all the same. Much like Zombie's 'La Sexorcisto,' it's won me over, despite the metal-purist in me. I don't care what you call it either... it gets right on top of my owie. If you want something more authentic and original listen to Big Black, Helmet, or Finch.... and shut your pie-hole.",0,0,"Dec 10, 2009"
10,"This is their best album.. it mixes the other 2 albums together into something the critics just can't admit is awesome.",0,0,"Nov 23, 2005"
10,"Some of you high minded twits need to climb down off your high horses and actually enjoy a song. 10,000 fists is an awesome CD.",0,0,"Nov 28, 2005"
10,"The first metal album in a while to make me sit up and listen. Comprises the punch of Sickness and the vocal range of Believe. I've listened to it Fists a few times now and it gets better every time. The Genesis cover is far better than the origional.",0,0,"Nov  5, 2005"
10,"I loved the previous 2 Disturbed albums to bits, but 10'000 Fists has kicked it up a notch. As David Draiman states on the album sleeve 'the time has come'. And for me, and my metal listening career.. it has come with 10'000 Fists.. Absolutely masterful. The finest metal album I have bought for god knows how long.. long live Disturbed..",0,0,"Dec 29, 2005"
10,"Their best CD yet.",0,0,"Oct 24, 2005"
10,"People are too quick to blindly hate them, when they're actually on of the best bands out there. I bet half the idiots dissing them can't even play guitar, bass, drums, or sing and have absolutely no clue what they're talking about. Me? I play guitar, I know what I'm saying. They're pretty damn good. And I'm giving them a ten because they deserve it. (B ythe way, I also listen to Dream Theater. So don't pull your 'progressive' or 'classic metal credibility crap on me.)",0,0,"Oct 28, 2005"
8,"Solid album. You need some instant motivation to hit the gym? Look no further than I'M ALIVE. Simply awesome.",0,0,"Jan 14, 2006"
10,"Critics blow. You people have no sense at all. You're probably the type that sit at home and listen to Madonna and Elton John constantly... utterly disgusting. Idiots.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2006"
10,"Awesome simply awesome",0,0,"Oct 26, 2006"
8,"i just cant understand WHY WHY do people dont like disturbed................. somthing happened with me a few days earlier . My freind who said he hated disturbed listened a few songs from this album and said they were crap.............. in my car when we were going somwhere i said dude check this new band its awsome MTV gave it ther name of new 'metallica' he herd it and said..'DAMN they r good' to the same songs .People are just ignoring distubed becasue they lack publicity adn are not 'mtv Hyped' i think it was not better than the first and second but Dans guitar is really improving as well as Davis vocals i just hope good for their next album",0,0,"Mar 27, 2006"
10,"This album is addicting!!!! Listen to it a few times and you will love it.",0,0,"May 18, 2006"
10,"Critics suck..this album rules",0,0,"Aug 26, 2006"
10,"Awesome stuff! indestructable is better though but this is really good.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2008"
8,"Dont listen to that elitist Smaz. This album is great, and this is from an unbiased perspectavie. This is the first Disturbed album I got and its really not what I expected. I expected the same rebel or self-hating crap Ive heard from other mainstream bands, but this album is actually very deep, and the lyrics are well thought out. And unlike other bands, if you listen closely...there is variety in the guitar work. Now Im not saying its great but its better than other bands that use only 2 or 3 chords per song. *coughLinkinParkcough* AND! there are some awesome guitar solos in the album. My favorite being the one in Stricken. Oh yea the vocals are great too. BUT! there are some weaknesses in this album. After 'Sons of Plunder' the album really starts to get boring, UNTIL the cover 'Land of Confusion' starts playing. THat is the most powerful song on the album. In my opinion. There are only about 9 excellent songs on the album. The rest are just 'meh.' BUY NOW! ITS WORTH YOUR MONEY. PLUS THE ARTWORK IS COOL.",0,0,"Nov 21, 2005"
6,"Clearly the weakest album they've made to date. It's not terrible just disappointing.",0,0,"Nov 22, 2005"
8,"A bit too repetitive, but still an overall good album.",0,0,"May 23, 2012"
6,"Stupid but cool. I liked a lot of the songs on here but it's not one of those albums you want to listen to over and over again as a whole. The Sickness was a lot better in my opinion, so if you want to hear the talent of Disturbed go listen to that. But honestly the metal genre has much better things to offer than this.",0,0,"Oct 22, 2010"
10,"Song by Song reviewTen Thousand Fists: One of the most effective and strong opening songs ive ever heardJust Stop: This song doesnt dumb down what the opening brought us, it strengthens the album with a strong chorusGuarded: This song is a weapon. no doubt about itDeify: Maybe one of the weaker songs but it has a strong political messageStricken: On and off favorite song by disturbed, and i mean that,I'm Alive: this is when the songs start to follow the all-around theme of the album and it starts to build on its epicness.Sons of Plunder: Nothing to say but awesomeOverburdened: One of the most touching songs ever. The opening bass line is full of epicnessDecadence: Full of the epic elements handed to you by the album in its entiretyForgiven: One of the most criminally underrated songs on this album, Not a typical Disturbed song and its not bad at all, its amazingLand of Confusion: One of the best covers i've ever heard. Genesis better be proudSacred Lie: Catchy as hell, turn it up and kill the whole world, in your mind of coursePain Redefined: Strong is too weak to describe it.Avarice: Doesn't fulfill the job of a closer, But it does fulfill the job as a song that makes you want more",0,0,"Oct  2, 2010"
9,"Great Album. I had it in my CD player for two months straight. Near the second half of the album some of the songs sound a little the same but alot of the songs still remain my favorites.",0,0,"Aug 31, 2010"
10,"This is an awesome album by the band of Disturbed. The only track I didn't want to play 100 times over with the sound blazing was 'Overburdened', a song about Hell. But otherwise, there really isn't any repetitiveness in this album. It deserves this 10.",0,0,"Sep  8, 2010"
8,"This is one of my favorite albums, I like it better than Indestructible and Believe but its still not as good as the sickness and asylum. Out of 100 I'd give it a 69 because a lot of bands have the same sound.",0,0,"Oct 25, 2010"
9,"This is a very well-written album that rallies Disturbed's fans.  The music is fantastic and the lyrics still have that signature sinister, demonic quality to them.",0,0,"Dec 25, 2011"
10,"This album, and this band, got me into metal. There's little more that can be said but HOLY  This album is solid as hell, musically diverse yet still cohesive. My favorite album by my all time favorite band. 'Nuff said.",0,0,"Aug 22, 2013"
9,"Disturbed's Best album (in my humble opinion)
isn't perfect, repetitive, but is very, very good
It Doesn't deserve a 59 out of 100
they did a good job",0,0,"Dec 12, 2013"
10,"The critics gave it a 59 rating overall average. The fans 86 universal acclaim. This sums up the album the fans loved it and I would agree as a Disturbed fans I loved it. I played Land of Confusion for my mum a Genesis fan and even she preferred Disturbed's version a brilliant album and Disturbed's best for certain.",0,0,"Jan 25, 2016"
10,"Disturbed's only album to rival their debut The Sickness. Full of songs that will get you pumped up. Also the cover of Genesis's Land of Confusion is great and like the original, has a cool music video, although in a bit different style.",0,0,"Jul 13, 2014"
6,"I am a big fan of Disturbed. They are my second favorite band. That being said, not all of their songs are good. Not all of the songs on this album are good. But they at least have the rebellious spirit that I absolutely love in a metal song, or the inspiring battle music that I can't get enough of. However, some of their songs make the same mistakes that most pop songs make by just repeating the same line over and over again. They sound great, their songs can be really inspiring, but they often sound like pop trying to be metal.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2015"
10,"10/10 ................................................................................................................................................",0,0,"Mar 22, 2015"
0,"It's not just 'critics' who have it in for awful angst-rock shlock like Staind, it's people with working brains and ears. I enjoy a wide spectrum of music, including a lot of really heavy music and difficult listening, but there is nothing to appreciate about 'Chapter V,' just as there was no value to this travesty-of-a-band's back catalog. Staind merely rehashes tired 4-chord progressions with little riffing or interplay between the instruments, making sure to pitch-correct vocals and homogenize guitars wherever possible. Any 'rawness' might offend the sort of delicate, pathetically generic tastes of their fanbase. This is the soundtrack to brainless frat parties and high-school longing, music for lazy, bigoted 17 year-olds who wear backwards caps and think quoting Dave Chapelle is the funniest thing ever. Avoid at all costs if you have any self-respect.",0,1,"Aug 14, 2005"
2,"Their music was never good in the first place, and now it also sounds dated.",0,1,"Aug 15, 2005"
10,"this is the best 2005 album: reply is an present for the fans in every side of world",0,0,"Jun 16, 2006"
5,"I give it a 5 because i am a huge staind follower and i am dedicated to them, but unfortunately this album falls short of any expectation i had.. It's just ordinary, nothing special.. Damn Staind how could you let the fans down.. it's just so plain and predictable...",0,0,"Aug 30, 2005"
10,"Famn Good Shit",0,0,"Jul 25, 2006"
10,"great album. Wait, let me guess, those that are dissing it are HUGE Ryan Cabrera fans",0,0,"Oct 26, 2005"
0,"HAHA- Staind sucks. Really. They do. This is generic radio rock at its worst. well at least the junior high kids and people who only buy clear channel rock can cancel out my 0 with a 10. cmon people look underneath the surface....",0,0,"Oct 27, 2005"
8,"it's a great album, with many great songs, but the other staind albums were better",0,0,"Oct  3, 2005"
7,"I dont know why the critics seem to hate Staind. But this is good music, minus the sexual and violent overtone that most music has become. It's not better than the 2 previous releases, but it's still better than most music that's out today. Screw the critics and give it a listen, it's worth it.",0,0,"Aug 10, 2005"
9,"Simply the best album out today... Maybe not as good as Break the Cycle, but that is not possible!",0,0,"Aug 15, 2005"
10,"I just bought the cd and it is just as good if not better than all their other cds with the exception of dysfunction. The best songs are paper jesus, schizophrenic conversations, and everything changes. Staind has done it again!!!!",0,0,"Aug 27, 2005"
0,"Come on, how can you listen to this? I suppose fans of this album also think Nickelback are at the forefront of meaningful rock. This album is more like a parody of today's alt-metal crap. Giving this album a 0 rating is obvious once you've listened to real music.",0,0,"Sep 17, 2005"
10,"Staind has amazed me once again. I cant believe people would actually give this album a 0. Obviously they have no musical knowledge whatsoever. As a final note, i have to say that my favorite song on the cd is Please. Props to Aaron Lewis.",0,0,"Sep  5, 2005"
10,"fuck yall, staind is the shit",0,0,"Oct 10, 2005"
10,"awesome, pure A+ album!",0,0,"Nov  5, 2005"
7,"a very good album overall not there best album but i am pleased with it",0,0,"Oct 15, 2005"
3,"Incredibly generic. Just a bore - not awful, but it doesn't make me wanna listen again. Sounds like they tried to rock again Dysfunction style but forgot how.",0,0,"Aug 11, 2005"
1,"God this band is crappy. I borrowed it for one play from my neighbor and then angrily threw it back at him. This mixture of adult disfunction whining and tiresome anti-septic metal is not attractive guys. We all have stuff to work through, but this is not the place.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2005"
8,"The reason this band has a following and sells is because people relate to what Aaron Lewis sings about in his lyrics. The topics of the songs, if listened to, vary and it's not all 'whiny rich old man' with a case of the poor me's. It's definitely worth listening to.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2005"
8,"first off, if you don't like a band, don't rate the band's music. Any real staind fan will say that this album is no where near bad. Its not as catchy as BTC was, it isnt as dark as dysfunction was, its not as 'happy' as 14grey was, its sorta a mix of all of them put together. my favorite song on the cd is the opener, 'run away'. the chorus is amazing, and i found myself blasting that song over and over again in the car. its packed with an energetic guitar riff that opens the albulm so sucessfully. the cd has such variety but personally i would've liked more of the 'run away' sound. No matter what you think of staind, you have to admite they are an amazing group of guys that have a talent for writing music that can make such an impact",0,0,"Aug 13, 2005"
0,"I find it interesting that each of the three Staind albums has in between seven and ten reviews. Acutally, it makes perfect sense. This is derivative horseshit that is popular only because it targets those who are on about the same maturity level as the band members, namely highly impressionable wanne-be rebellious junior high kids who are willing to fork out $16 for this pathetic and trite teenage angst garbage. I can't stress enough how bad this stuff sucks. Believe me, crtics know what they are talking about. If you like this sort of stuff, find a friend who has good taste in music and surround yourself in whatever he listens to. Eventually you will find that what you used to like(Staind, Finch, Silverstein, and pretty much any other faux-metal, screamo band) totally sucks ass. You will thank me one day, I promise.",0,0,"Aug 15, 2005"
6,"I think it is good music for Staind. It is not as good as their last two albums. I think Staind needs to find a new niche, away from their self-loathing which made their other albums a hit. Aaron had done that a lil bit with 14 Shades of Grey, and had done a great job with the song Zoey. I would like to see more of that music, more variety from Staind.",0,0,"Aug 15, 2005"
8,"Ignore the critics if you're a fan, Staind are still going strong with elements combined from all four previous albums and some nods to Alice In Chains and possibly 3 Doors Down. The solos are mostly tiresome, but the vocals show the band is still strong in their style. An album for the fans.",0,0,"Aug 16, 2005"
0,"Why is it that the worst music is the most popular? Why is a band like Staind even around with their stale, annoying, melodramatic excuse for rock? There is so much good music out there, present and past, that I know even idiots who like Staind would really dig. If people just stop being lazy and buying whatever they hear on the radio, then we could make a shift back to decent music being in the mainstream. So in conclusion, say NO to Staind, Nickelback, Linken Park, My Chemical Romance, and all those other terrible bands, and go out and find some good music. Start with the Pixies, they rock.",0,0,"Aug 24, 2005"
6,"not the best staind album but stil there is something about this album that i can not put it down, if there are any non-staind fans reading this review then i would reckonmend listening to 'break the cycle' or 'dysfunction'",0,0,"Sep 21, 2005"
10,"one of the best discs a have ever listen to",0,0,"Sep 29, 2005"
7,"The problem is that nothing will ever be comparable to Dysfunction or BTC. I think that this cd is missing the anger and the agnst that Aaron expresses so well. I love Staind, but they need to get the edginess back. Not a bad cd, though, just not as good as the earlier ones.",0,0,"Jan  1, 2006"
7,"Some songs have been used to show a very strong image, which may be the downfall in them, making them over powered, while other songs ahieve brilliance, thus i will give a 7, since there is great music on this album to be heared.",0,0,"Dec 15, 2006"
10,"best staind cd to date...the ppl who said that they have no talent and bad vocals are just plain retarded..aaron lewis is the best singer along with brent smith and the whole band are good with their instruments",0,0,"Dec 19, 2006"
6,"eh, ive heard better (no not franz ferdinan and stuff like that), but deffinatley not bad. i really liked Everything Changes and Falling....but Paper Jesus was absolutly horrible.",0,0,"Jan  5, 2006"
10,"one of staind's best...except paper jesus...can't stand that song...best songs are everything changes,devil, schizophrenic conversations, falling and please.",0,0,"Oct  5, 2006"
10,"as good as break the cycle and dysfunction...staind rocks",0,0,"Oct  5, 2006"
0,"holy shit,staind sucks! wowwww they are one of the worst bands i ever heard, theyre fuckin hippies seriously i hate bands like that. they are so cheesy and have nooo talent at all",0,0,"Feb 28, 2006"
7,"im pretty bloody suprised at the reviews, i thought this album was good. alright, perhaps staind lose out on the fact that aron lewis is essentialy a bald fat man singing about personal failings and issues, but the music is GOOD!!!!!!!! GOOD I TELL U!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Apr 12, 2006"
8,"Staind is looking tops again, great album. But Chapter V still sits Bottom 50 Worst metascores in history. Sometimes reviewers can't contain their plague, and it infects serious efforts like Chapter V. Pity.",0,0,"Jun 12, 2006"
10,"Don't listen to it if you don't like it!",0,0,"Jun 20, 2006"
0,"Am I the only one (besides E! Online) that realizes that this album is not at all different from 'Break the Cycle?'",0,0,"Oct 11, 2005"
0,"Before this album was released Mike Mushok said it was 'brutal' and 'a lot of people are going to be surprised by this album.' What a load of crap!",0,0,"Oct 11, 2005"
10,"This is a great album...These guys have evolved over the years into a great band...not to be lumped in with Fred Durst's Limp 'Triscuit' trendy rap metal trash..this is here to stay and rightly so...",0,0,"Nov 16, 2005"
1,"Staind's current single is the epitome of bad modern alternative rock. It's pretentious yet meaningless, it apes tender sincerity but it's really bitter and self-pitying, it has an insipid and awkward rhyme scheme made even more mind-numbing with pre-pubescent sentiments like 'I hope you're not intending, to be so condescending'. It's trite, it's bland, it's familiar and admittedly a little bit catchy. It is Staind's new single, and it will be a hit with all the amorphous, brainless, soulless, drooling low-lives that are my teenage peers. Oh, and to get a better idea of how bad it is, I'm one of those people who don't mind Linkin Park's lyrics. p.s. It's still Sgt. Pepper compaired to Crossfade.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2005"
10,"Staind just keeps getting better and better. A must have for any rock fan!!!",0,0,"Aug 16, 2005"
0,"Utterly embarassing and painfully transparent and insincere.",0,0,"Aug 26, 2005"
0,"I HATE STAIND!!! Absolutly no musical talent what so ever, if they were never to make an album again i would be soo happy.",0,0,"Sep 19, 2005"
9,"Critics say bland, I say the slow, meandering mid-tempo rock on this album reminds me of old, long, rocking Skinnard tunes. Good album.",0,0,"Aug 25, 2006"
8,"I'm getting increasingly frustrated with people giving this album a 0. It is not a 0, it has got talent, the lyrics are thoughtfull, the guitaring is compossed, the song are well written, the rifts are catchy, and there are some realy Jems in this album. I'm sick of people slagging off Staind, I have over 50 Bands that I know and listen to, some alot more than others, I am extremely involved with any ROCK - METAL bands, so I know the cream from the crop. Staind have some of the best songs you can ask for, they are one of the best bands I have heard of, the vocalist is devine, his voice has a serious senceirty to it, and anyone who dissaproves of his voice seriously does not know the real meaning of rock. For people who are looking for simple rock, that is easy to pick up and listen to, an album that you can involve yourself with in seconds, this is a band for you. anyone. anyone disrespecting the lyrics, there not bad, they are INVOLVED. I think the people giving this album a 0-1 are seriously diulluded with looking for evolution that they can't apririate good and simple rock bands. That is what you are missing guys. Nickelback - good band - simple rock - just like Staind. sometimes people want to sit back and listen to some background rock, jessus, where has the simplisity gone? So I hope everyone learns a little from this, and stops slagging of simple rock.",0,0,"Sep 25, 2006"
0,"I guess there's a reason why this album sounds just like their last one, because they have no talent! Look there's a good reason why critics hate Staind and that's because they're a crappy band. Face it Staind is just corporate rock garbage, just like Nickelback. Look I like Alice in Chains, Nirvana, and Pearl Jam (because those bands actually had, or have talent, and because critics like them). But it seems that Grunge music and mainstream music in general has just become corrupted by bad acts like this. I really don't get how anyone could stand to listen to this. My advice to everyone is just buy C.D.'s critics give good scores, and by critics I mean allmusic.com",0,0,"Feb 28, 2007"
10,"another excellent staind cd.the people who dont like this album probably think meaningless shit like franz feredinand is good music.",0,0,"Dec 29, 2005"
0,"So I was chillin' and  listening to Trey Songz  then out of no where I was bombarded by Nu Metal. This was a pretty weird dream I had several days ago, but it made me want to start listening to more Nu Metal and unfortunately I started with this album. If you are a friends house listening to this you can do one of two things. Either Run Away or Take This album from your friend and throw it away. The music has all the terribly cliches from Nu Metal and takes it to 11.  This could possibly be the most whiny album in history. Stain is the type of band to make Nickelback look like Led Zeppelin. Please, take my advise and don't listen to it. It is boring, repetitive,  shallow,  the music feels like it is Falling apart, and way too overly dramatic. The opening riffs of a few of the songs sound promising, but it ultimately Everything Changes to a whirlpool of headache inducing mucky growls. I really can't tell you about any high or low points in the album because everything sounds the same. Just listen to two minutes and you will have practically heard the entire album.",0,0,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"Possibly SOAD's best album. It is pretty much perfect. Some people say it is too political. 2 of the songs are Violent Pornography and This Cocaine Makes Me Feel Like I'm On This Song. Political? Not so much. It really has something fror everyone. If you like fast, in-your-face songs, then B.Y.O.B. might be the song for you. If you like slow, depressing, skip to Lost In Hollywood. And there is everything inbetween.",5,6,"Mar  5, 2008"
7,"Same as Hypnotize, BYOB,violent you know what,and This you know what makes me feel like I'm on this song are main reasons why I like this album.",1,2,"Dec 22, 2012"
1,"So brutally stupid it's almost beyond belief. The love for this band is bewildering.",0,1,"Jun  1, 2005"
1,"the only good thing thatcan be said about this record is that it has some moments that sound musical.but i cannot fathom why this average band gets so much praise.maybe it is because i am not an angry 13 year old who hasnt discovered real music. i am an angry 21 year old, and i like my kicks more intelligent and varied than this mindless crap.",0,1,"Jun  7, 2005"
3,"This album doesnt come within a mile of toxicity is so disappointing and as for letting the guitarist sing what where they thinking he cant sing period also this album is wayyyy to commerical to be accepted by real rock fans sell your souls like all the other commerically acceptable bands",0,1,"Jul  1, 2005"
2,"System of a Down are an awful band and this latest album is no better, they have no sense of beat and have no idea about anything to do with music other than repetitive chords, pointless lyrics and a bass player that shows is totally unoriginal the only good member is the drummer he is the only one with any talent. I dont know how the offspring and red hot chili peppers can be rated lower than this tripe.",0,1,"Jul 20, 2005"
2,"I am a HUGE fan of System of a Down, and couldent wait to get my hands on this cd when it came out.....i was very disapointed, I am giving this album a 2 comparing to the other albums, there were a few good songs on this album, but i think the people who really like this album are more into alternative/popish music, because this is what i thought of the album, probaly some of their worst songs ever......",0,1,"Aug  7, 2006"
10,"OMG, the words are easy so it's easy to scream along to and YOU WILL want to scream a long to this!",0,1,"Apr  5, 2008"
0,"This is the last time I'm on this site. Can't believe my eyes, how can this kiddy-band get 90% ?!?",0,2,"May 23, 2005"
2,"This album sounds completely different from their past efforts and that's not a good thing. It seems production and band chemistry has changed for the worse. Serj has to pretty much split vocal time with Deron 50-50 and the songs seem to be silly without substance, and overproduced. Sadder still, SOAD plans on releasing another CD this fall -'Hypnotize' - when they should have filtered the best tracks for this album then released b-sides sometime in the future.",0,1,"May 24, 2005"
0,"This is seriously the worst band of all time.",0,1,"May 27, 2005"
0,"This sounds like a cross between the Faces of Death Orchestra as conducted by Kip Winger and Don Rickels. When my dog was castrated he made sounds similar to noise I heard on this record. Repeated spins prove that, in fact, castrated dogs were part of the recording process. How cool! How utterly groundbreaking! The best album of all time!",0,1,"Jun  1, 2005"
5,"!!S.O.A.D.!! What Happened!?! Toxicity was SOO much better musically and lyrically. I think Daron needs to back off on vocals a lot. This 50-50 thing they've got goin isn't working out. I hope they find themselves again before they put out another album like this. I Love S.O.A.D. but this album is just heartbreaking to listen to.. I'll give them a 5 because I love them, but if they were any other band I'd give this album a 1 or 2.",0,1,"Jun  6, 2005"
0,"System of a down and the people who like them make my head hurt. I like hardcore music... but this is not even music. I really have never understood how people could actually like these guys?!?!?!?! BYOB or whatever that song is called is dreadful. I cant listen to the whole thing and i cant imagine the rest of the cd being good what so ever... i have only heard a few songs but they were horrible. and what ever you other people say... toxicity was also NOT a good song... i think that this is a joke band whose joke got misunderstood and people took them as serious.",0,1,"Jun  7, 2005"
3,"It's a tried peice of pretentious crap that smells long after you've experienced it.",0,1,"Feb 16, 2006"
5,"whats happened to these guys?! i mean y have they change so awkwardly. Old school hollywood would ha to be the wrost song ive ever heard. Old school hollywood baseball? what a load of crap! Darron has now stuffed the band completely, can't believe this got a higher mark than toxicity and their first album. This is their worse album and it hursts to say that being a big S.O.A.D fan.",0,1,"Aug  4, 2006"
1,"Man this album is awful. This is just as bad as the new Finch album.",0,1,"May 25, 2005"
1,"BYOB is possibly the worst song of all time - rivalled only by the rest of the tracks on this album. Random political ranting does NOT make an album good - combine this with dull, uninspired music and suddenly people are calling it a masterpiece? Great music always makes you *feel* something. This only leaves you wondering 'was that it?'.",0,1,"May 29, 2005"
5,"I just don't understand..i liked toxicity..but i can't even listen this one from beggining to end...",0,1,"Jun  1, 2005"
3,"Like most mainstream rock bands SOAD is listenable song for song. However, songs are so repetative that the albums are indigestable. Even by the end of a single song after hearing that dumb chorusfor the tenth time its too much.",0,1,"Jun 13, 2005"
5,"Who cares if it's good or bad? These idiots strongly support the release of Charles Manson, a major whacko responsible for a whole bunch of whackos who cut the baby out of a nine-month pregnant woman and then stabbed her to death about 30 times. Sure, give them your money.",0,1,"Jun 21, 2005"
2,"Very ordinary. Cigaro was leaked prior release, BYOB was pre-release single, track one is an intro, radio/video and old school hollywood are utter shite! Which leaves six songs, weak if you ask me.",0,1,"Sep 20, 2005"
5,"Its not a bad album, but i think they try to force their opinions on people a bit too much. Toxcicity is much better.",0,1,"Mar 26, 2006"
3,"I love system of a down;",0,1,"Nov 15, 2005"
5,"This is System of a Down's worst album to date, by far. The songs are not creative, and little musical talent is shown. Lyrics to many of the songs are pointless and contrived.",0,1,"Jun 12, 2006"
10,"This is a fantastic album.Its songs are very fabulous. BYOB is the best song of the disc!!!",0,0,"Jun  2, 2005"
10,"This album is amazing, all i can say is 'it's a violent pornography, choking chicks and sodomy!!!",0,0,"Jun  5, 2005"
10,"Love it! Too short, but looking forward to the 2nd CD in the fall.",0,0,"Jul  7, 2005"
1,"System of a Down should never, and I repeat, NEVER be compared in any way with Frank Zappa. It's a disgrace to MR. Zappa. And do you really buy the 'We have a political opinion and we ain't happy' rhetoric? My dog is more politically active than System of a Down. I gave this album a 1 because, if you're looking for typical mainstream music to tide you over until the corporate media tell you to like something else, this is it.",0,0,"Jul  9, 2007"
10,"Cant believe how great this album is. And now the new track Hypnotize is even better.",0,0,"Oct 27, 2005"
1,"How many metal variations of Queen's Bohemian Rhapsody can you come up with? And the propagandist lyrics are even less thought out.",0,0,"May 25, 2005"
7,"My rating is the number of songs on the CD that I will actually listen to. Chris C: System of a Down was NEVER a cookie cutter band. They were always original. If anything they were more original 6 years ago than now. On S.O.A.D, every song just bled into the other perfectly. They knew how to make a complete kick @$$ album. Every lyric was inspired and uncliched. Slowly into the world of pop they fall, making singles instead of albums. Us old fans cross our fingers from one song to the next, in hope of them rising again.",0,0,"May 25, 2005"
5,"Even more random and less mature then 'Steal This Album!', less frantic then 'Toxicity', less surprisng then 'System Of A Down', 'Mezmerize' is the most banal album System Of A Down has came up with, so far. There's nothing intriguing, thrilling or innovative in 'Mezmerize', just good production and intense performances that, here, are not supported by coherent songwritting.",0,0,"May 28, 2005"
10,"genial",0,0,"May 30, 2005"
10,"This CD is fuckin amazing Daron really pulls it off with his insane guitar riffs and unique style and serj's hypnotic voice this Cd just pulls you in with curiousity this Cd won't let you down.",0,0,"May 30, 2005"
10,"I love this new cd I think it's there best yet.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2005"
4,"Would you people not. I am so very sick of S.O.A.D. talk. Particularily talk of the band in a serious light. Fact of the matter is 'System of a down is a cheesey pop rendering of experimental metal with an overdose of political angst of which rests in plain sight. Shut it.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2005"
9,"this is the best i love them iwould do them i i was a girl",0,0,"Jun 19, 2005"
9,"People can be most blind to the true meaning of this album. It isn't poppy for the sake of Commercial Music, in fact it's not really poppy at all. Although some of there songs have a different beat the old System music, it's new, it's fabulous, and they pull it off. By pointing out the wrong in this society, they pull off another great album.",0,0,"Jun 29, 2005"
10,"AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Jun  3, 2005"
9,"Definitely a surprising album from SOAD, though i could've already guessed they would've taken this kind of approach after Steal This Album! (my least favorite of the 4) It's something about Mezmerize that makes you want to keep coming back for more. Truely a great and original cd...though i believe Malankien was allowed to sing a lot more than he should have... Question! and Sad Statue are my favorites of the album. It may surprise the hell out of old SOAD fans the first time around. To be honest i hated it, and would've given it a 2...it did eventually grow on me. As hypnotic as the songs are, it's hard to believe anyone would hate this album completely. thanks, and rock on-",0,0,"Jun  8, 2005"
9,"There's a reason why late 90's nu-metal bands like Korn, Limp Bizkit, Deftones etc. are gone and forgotten: because they a. couldn't play their instruments & b. they were afraid to try new things. SOAD's new CD breaks lots of barriers of what 'metal' can be and what it can sound. And this is coming from someone who hates almost all metal. Very good album. My only problem with it is that the guitarist things TOO much on it. When he was doing the occasional chorus on previous albums, it was fine. But when he's taking A LOT of the vocal time away from the great Serj Tankian, it gets annoying.",0,0,"Jun  9, 2005"
8,"One of tthe release of he things i liked most about soad is Toxicity. That album kicked ass and probably my second favorite metal album of all time. After their third album, i thought they would release a huge album that would send them into the top 5.The build-up was huge but the album was lacking in the end. Mesmerize was a great album but I'm a little disappointed with them as there were too many dud songs on the album. Good but disappointing so 8.",0,0,"Jul 10, 2005"
10,"this album just took me by suprise, its just amazingly amazing *pass out from greatness*",0,0,"Jul 16, 2005"
10,"trtw",0,0,"Jul  4, 2005"
7,"a good enough album, but quite a big dissapointment compared to Toxicity and Steal this Album, its just not written a well",0,0,"Sep  5, 2005"
9,"This was a bloody good achievement for the SOAD boys, being reviewed well by almost all magazines and articles that I have come across. This album in particular, shines over Hypnotize and, in my opinion, Toxicity. The tracks on this album are different to those in toxicity because of the varying in styles. This has been noticed by Rolling Stone and other magazines. When told that his album was voted the best of 2005, Kanye West stated that he thought SOAD would give him a run for his money and would be in the top 5 (Rolling Stone, Yearbook 05/06). This varying in styles can be seen throughout the albums tracks, these are: -'Soldier Side - Intro' this track was a lead up to the fantastic full length song on the Hypnotize album -'B.Y.O.B.' was an anger fuelled track mixed in with a pop-like chorus, delivering a spectacle of music that had to be heard to be believed -'Revenga' was an opera influenced track varying in speed with a catchy chorus that could have you singing instantly but once you actually read the lyrics you can see the demeaning nature of the track and the sharp point that it delivers -'Cigaro' was like 'Revenga' in its layout but hits us with a strange argument 'My cock is much bigger than yours, my cock walks right through the door' that perplexes the listener and then the chorus hits, totally different in style. -'Radio/Video' was a track that I emmensly enjoyed, being catchy from start to finish and as used throughout the album, a variation between the guitar driven 'hey man look at me rockin out' to the pop finish of that line, mirrored throughout the song -'This Cocaine Makes Me Feel Like I'm On This Song' was a strange addition to the album with a collection of screaming lines and a great guitar change in tune -'Violent Pornography'. Don't look perplexed at the sight of the title, this so happens to be one of the best tracks on the album, delivering to us three sections, the reccuring 'everybody...', the speed of the lyrics finished with a woo hoo and the chorus which states the crap put on our TV screens. This line up of changes was exactly why many listeners tuned in to this album because of its originality. -'Question!' was one of the more mellow songs on the album and ended up more like a soft rock song than the metal we are used to hearing -'Sad Statue' was an amazing track which I bonded to instantly because of the excellent songwriting and lyrics swept up into your brains that will have you either reciting or humming the tune for days -'Old School Hollywood' was one of the fun tracks on the album that provided us with a pop style sound and catchy lyrics different to SOAD's normal style. This is why many reviewers have panned this song because they don't feel that it's right for SOAD, i though think that it's an enjoyable tune -'Lost In Hollywood' was the track I bonded to the least because of its mellow nature without the spark that the other songs had Overall SOAD's album is a keeper, something to shove on your ipod, in your stereo and ultimately in your collection because this album is a fine example that protest albums can sound good and prove a point.",0,0,"Jan  7, 2006"
10,"this disc changed my views on music forever. The constant throb of rock spewed from the pulpit of systems sound led me to new levels of musical aprecaation. The only thing i iwould say is that this cd really could have done without 'old school hollywood' it was not a strong additon to the musical flavor of the album. However the essentials of the disc include: 'B.Y.O.B' , 'This Cocane makes me feel like im on this song' what? as well as the astounding 'violant pornography' over all fantastic. p.s. Hypnotize rules. if we fall we all fall and we fall alone",0,0,"Jan  8, 2006"
10,"i have only one feeling about SOAD.. im greatfull for the day, back in 98, that i bought SOADs first album.. im addicted to them ever since. i think mesmerize/hipnotyze album are truely SOADs masterpiece. this guys know what they are doing and they are doing it perfectly well. a fresh new sight on metal.i dont know what they will do next..'more of the same' as some critics call? great!!! i will be here to listen and listen and listen and..........",0,0,"Mar 24, 2006"
9,"Love this CD. Favorites are Radio Video, Violent pornography, BYOB, Old School Hollywood, and Lost in Hollywood",0,0,"Jun 13, 2006"
9,"Beyond a shadow of a doubt, this is System of a Down's best work.",0,0,"Nov 13, 2005"
9,"No, i'm not going to be some overenthusiastic fan who puts 10, 'revenga' is crap and 'old school hollywood' and 'sad statue' are slightly dull but the other 7 more than make up for it. 'BYOB is a classic, classic track, thrilling and original it carves through the minds of wimpy indie or poppy kids in a searing delight. 'Cigaro''s bizareness pays off in a hurtling stunner of rapid tempo changes and tumbling wordplay. 'this cocaine makes me..' and 'violent pornography' are alt metal riffing classics, (although admittadly the end of vp does turn a tad stale. 'Radio/video' is a mass of electicness in one superb song. 'lost in hollywood' however is argualbly the greatest track, gentler, sinister and slightly disturbing the mix of voices works to a t. All this with a serious political message. Rarely if ever have albums been this thrillingly original.",0,0,"Nov 21, 2005"
8,"As theatrical, schizo, thrashy and melodic as ever, System's Mesmerize is a hard album to judge on its own, since it's really only half of a greater whole. Much like Radiohead's Kid A/Amnesiac or even Kill Bills 1 & 2, the big picture will only become clear once all is revealed. That said, Mesmerize is sure to thrill hardcore fans, especially those loyal to the breakneck time-changes and operatic vocals so prevalent on their debut. This time around, though, the twin attack of Serj and Daron's (who practically shares lead vocal duties now) swelling harmonies are beautiful...and devastating. As a stand-alone record, Mesmerize is solid, but lacks the untouchable flow found on Toxicity. Things tend to lose steam around track 8, but getting there is a mind-blowing ride, thanks to standout tracks like 'Revenga', 'Radio/TV' and 'Violent Pornography.' The already tried and true 'B.Y.O.B.' could possibly be the track that appeals to both the TRL pack as well as the Headbanger's Ball sect. Meanwhile 'Cigaro' and 'This Cocaine Makes Me Feel Like I'm On This Song' are short blasts of irrestible madness. While diehard fans may see the gap between the two albums as a cruel tease, if Mesmerize is any indication, they can count on their patience being rewarded when Hypnotize finally drops later this year.",0,0,"May 17, 2005"
9,"A very good way to come back after the long drought between albums",0,0,"May 17, 2005"
10,"The best SOAD album to date, without a doubt. Everything I loved about them on their other albums is only better here.",0,0,"May 18, 2005"
10,"Great CD, way out there, but in the good.",0,0,"May 18, 2005"
9,"I have loved System of a Down since their first album! Mezmerize does not disappoint!",0,0,"May 18, 2005"
9,"Great album. As good as anything they've ever done. Can't wait for Hypnotize!",0,0,"May 19, 2005"
9,"It's nice to see one of the ubiquitous cookie cutter metal bands finally branching out into truly interesting music. If all popular bands suddenly decided to make original music that sounds different from the mind-numbing dreck that originally made them popular, mainstream radio would be worth listening to.",0,0,"May 21, 2005"
9,"I",0,0,"May 21, 2005"
1,"I've never understood SOAD. Their music is PAINFUL to listen to. Musically, it doesn't flow or resemble anything like music.",0,0,"May 21, 2005"
0,"i never thought id see the day that system of a down comes out with a shitty cd....ive been into system since their jaw-dropping debut....i was there when they did something unbelievable and actually followed it up amasingly....but this is just horrible....too much deron's shitty voice....too poppy not hard at all anymore....they just barely hang on to some of their old syle with byob, cigaro, and this cocain....but i think that the songs that really kill system of a down are the last 2 songs....'old school hollywood baseball?!?!?' that is not system at all....to all of you new school system fans, i hope your all happy that you killed possibly the greatest and most original bands ever.",0,0,"May 20, 2005"
9,"Wow what can i say , system of a down at their very best. An experience of metalic wit moulded together by lyrical originality,breath and ingenuity altogether encased in a divergent musical journey. favourite song has to be ``radio/video`` which shows the intelligible intertwing of simple but effective lyrical briliance and playful , intriguing guitar playing. My only grievance is that its all over a bit too quickly but hey theres always the repeat button . Excellant album show casing the brilliance and originality of the visionaries that are system of a down!",0,0,"May 22, 2005"
8,"Great album. I'm glad I bought it. I recommend anyone else that's on the fence to buy it. It is not a one dimensional album.",0,0,"May 24, 2005"
10,"Soad are the best",0,0,"May 26, 2005"
10,"An excellent album through and through, while i admit it is a bit more 'poppy' than there previous albums its still brilliant and ads the sound. Basically its white shit hot and some of the chorus' are just too catchy. (see violent pornography) BYOB rains supreme though, my new favourite SOAD song",0,0,"May 27, 2005"
9,"Warning: Its not an experiment but a full assault to all your senses. Heavy, aggressive, melodic. Its a powerfull mix of punk and heavy metal dedicated to all the people that are still have a rebel teen beat in their minds. All the others will (thankfully...) pass away. Screw them!",0,0,"May 31, 2005"
8,"This albums is a reamin of many metal bands and genres, even SOAD itself, it becomes tedious sometimes, but songs like 'Video Radio' and 'Sad Statue' make the album worth, there's a big change in the lyrics, not a bad album, only we expected more, and i can't wait six months for it",0,0,"May 30, 2005"
9,"In an age where cock rock still dominates the airwaves, it is so refreshing to experience an album as spontaneous, unpredictable, and satisfying as Mesmerize. Ironically, this needed relief comes from an album with a whole song that brags about the virtues of having a big cock. At a blistering 36 minutes, this album passes over you in the blink of an eye. There are more curveballs and 180 degree angles on this album than on most other current albums twice as long. Many praises sung to SOAD for not only creating an album that restores faith in current hard rock, but also keeps it interesting, even after 20 listens.",0,0,"Jun  1, 2005"
9,"Hey raymond that gave it a 1, your a fucking idiot",0,0,"Jun  1, 2005"
10,"The band had a lot to live up to after 2 killer albums... and they did!",0,0,"Jun 13, 2005"
10,"who else compares!? System of a Down kicks major ass! This is deffinetly by far their best album yet, and Im sure that Hypnotize will be even more impressive. :)",0,0,"Jun 14, 2005"
10,"Awesome. Best rock album in years!",0,0,"Jun 15, 2005"
10,"SOAD are the greatest band in the world. I've never heard so much talent in a four man band.",0,0,"Jun 15, 2005"
10,"absolutely crazy, hardcore, insane beauty mixed with creeping emotion and crawling worthiness. best rock album ever created",0,0,"Jun 17, 2005"
10,"this is a great album, different from anything that's out there. Can't wait for the next one",0,0,"Jun 20, 2005"
10,"the only reason system is sayin that stuff about charles manson is because if the americans can cause hysteria during the war, why cant he? system of a down definetly deserves a ten out of ten they are the new break through band of the new rock age!!!!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Jun 28, 2005"
10,"Just incredible and different.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2005"
7,"The guitars are great, I love the fast sound. But what happened to the little nuances like the oom-pa-pa in Peephole? Almost non-existant. The guitarist taking over some of the singing? Questionable at best. This is an over-simplification of their style, smashing a complex molecule into a couple atoms. It's missing part of what makes them THEM. Maybe 9/11 and the aftermath killed something in them as well....?",0,0,"Jun  4, 2005"
9,"It will be nice to hear the companion album to this. Excellent.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2005"
7,"I first heard B.Y.O.B. about two weeks before its release...It was just getting me warm...I was ready for another about-36-minutes-bang-your-head-in-the-wall!!! I find BYOB,Question, old school hollywood and the great finale, Lost in hollywood (A SLOW?!?). To be honest the rest of the album kicks ass for the sound and the presence of rubin behind the console...But its just the same riffs of toxicity mixed up togheter. I'm still gonna get myself hypnotysed this fall.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2005"
9,"I love the album. It is SoaD, love'em or hate'em, they do their own thing, something other bands should think about doing. While I still think Toxicity is the best SoaD album, this one is a very, very close 2nd. Every song has a hook that only System can pull off. A rock opera in every song.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2005"
9,"That SOAD inspires sheer hatred in some listeners and pure lust in others is testament to their artistic integrity. Mezmerize is a crackerjack album wih few if any dead spots. The riffs on Ravenga, BYOB, Question! and Statute alone are worth teh price of admission. Add to that the novel use of Armenian melodies and two-part harmony and the band presents a package you simply can't find anywhere else. I'd like to see Serj return to primary lyric writing/singing duties, but if a songwriting maestro like D Malakin wants to mix things up, than who am I to complain. Kudos, SOAD!",0,0,"Jun  7, 2005"
8,"Hard hitting political messages in a time when the U.S. is in big trouble because of Bush.",0,0,"Jun  9, 2005"
7,"Not as well done as Toxicity, but a worthy followup - songs are hit or miss",0,0,"Jun  9, 2005"
10,"this album is best for ever",0,0,"Jun  9, 2005"
10,"The best album of the best group!!!!",0,0,"Jul 25, 2005"
10,"Nothing like it! Totally innovative and original. What a unique sound!",0,0,"Jul  6, 2005"
9,"I've been a SOAD fan from the start. It's different, bands progress, get over it. This album gave me a lot of enjoyment, it explores some pretty strange melodies and beats, as they always do. Get lost with your 'real rock fans' not liking this thing. What kind of a crappy little club is that? Count me out. Great album, can't wait for the second half. Note: didn't like the last two songs as much. there are lots of albums that have two songs I don't like on though.",0,0,"Jul  6, 2005"
10,"The thing that seperates system of a down from any other band is their ability to be a heavy metal band and not go beserk with the riffs. It makes them a good group to listen to. The album was too short but good thing its a double album as hypnotize is sure to be as good including the song 'defy you' which i already have on my computer. SOAD's release of BYOB was a big one indeed and lifted a few heads to thinking that perhaps system of a down are a little more serious now than in 'Steal This Album'. Mesmerize was a slight let down in comparrison to Toxicity but it is still one of the best albums released in the 21st century and will remain fresh for a least another 3 years.",0,0,"Jul  8, 2005"
10,"there are some try-hard metal fans out there but many of them do not accept whats hot and whats not. System of a down are a brilliant band and anyone who rates them lower than 9/10 are deemed to not be true metal fans. Go back to your charts and soothing ocean noises while we hard-rockers will get the most out of out cd players and mp3 players.",0,0,"Jul  8, 2005"
10,"best album out in the last two years by far. it even tops queens of the stone age's new album and that's fuckin sayin something because queens are tits. of all major alternative rock bands who have made a comeback lately including slipknot, queens, NIN, foo fighters, mudvayne, american head charge, prodigy, audioslave, the hives and the tea party, system's new album is by far the greatest. it both rivals and defeats all of the afore mentioned band's full albums, and it is a mere half of the total new album set to be released by system this year which is truly fucking amazing. mezmerizing you might say. i can see that this album will go down in history as one of the great albums of all time, to sit alongside the beatles, even. 10/10",0,0,"Jul  8, 2005"
10,"system of a down is the best band right now and this album is incredible. all of the tracks are great and are very well done",0,0,"Aug 23, 2005"
10,"LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT can`t say much more then I LOVE IT 'Mezmeries' is the best album they have done I think so far if not the best it is up there",0,0,"Aug 24, 2005"
10,"this cd owns you posers",0,0,"Aug 26, 2005"
10,"amazing...i can listen it everyday",0,0,"Aug 30, 2005"
10,"'Mezmerize' is so thrillingly insane, so captivating, so bizzare, that I can't help but gush with glee each time I hear it. The album clearly deserves all the critical praise it's garnered. Many metal heads have been trashing the record, saying it's too 'poppy'. Well, sorry guys, but I didn't realize that actual riffs, vocals other than grunts and some conceptual brilliance meant 'pop'. Mezmerize is a sort of combination of glam, rock opera and hard metal, and SOAD are never afraid of incorporating influences from other genres. Brilliance, brilliance, brilliance!",0,0,"Aug  9, 2005"
10,"best yet",0,0,"Sep 22, 2005"
10,"Simply astonihing !!!!",0,0,"Sep 20, 2005"
10,"Such a wonderful experience. From the incredibly pop (B.Y.O.B. and Old School Hollywood Baseball) to the more conventional S.O.A.D. songs - if you could ever describe S.O.A.D. conventional. But if you rank David Gray or Texas as your favourite artists, then it's probably best to avoid this.",0,0,"Sep  4, 2005"
2,"Mudvayne isn't real metal, it's pretend metal. It's like Monopoly money vs real money, or tofu vs real meat. The difference between this and N'Sync is marginal, and no fan of actual heavy music would find any of their songs worth listening to",0,1,"Jun 30, 2006"
0,"Death metal? I don't even know where to begin. To call this death metal is absurd. To claim that this band is respected is absurd. to say that they're respected in the 'death metal world' is a f%#^ing JOKE. Morbid Angel or more recently The Red Chord are (roughly) death metal. Give them a listen and tell me, my friend, is Mudvayne death metal? Listening to this vacuous crap is giving you a tumor. Stop it.",0,1,"Dec  2, 2005"
10,"this cd is the best one made by them and the best one i have ever heard beating out even 'the war of art' and 'The Height Of Callousness'",0,0,"May  3, 2005"
2,"What can you say? Really....it's bands like this that A) Give 'metal' a bad name & B) Help to keep talented, innovative, metal bands down in the underground (where many obviously DO want to stay, but I digress) while obtaining record contracts that enable them to churn out indistinguishable crap by the bucket load. This garbage sells because it's easier to sell to kids than legitimate metal, mainly because it's not about ANYTHING and it is so self-aware of it's own attempts to be badass and angry that the lyrical content suits a 13 year old who has come home pissed off because he got pushed over at school...which is fine, some of the best metal is undeniably lyrically embarassing, albeit for other reasons, but these guys are 3 or 4 records in and they've got NOTHING going instrumentally...sort of a big deal in the metal world. I suppose Mudvayne are trying their best, but when you end up with 'I'm tired of holdin' up the weight, the weight of the mother fuckin world. All I want is to just get right HERE RIGHT NOW !!! ' The results should be apparent to the record buying public... Unfortunatley, these guys are millionaires...BTW- What happened to all the masks and costumes and fake names and all that bull****? I bet they wanted to be taken seriously...",0,0,"May  3, 2005"
0,"Buy this and 'Something To Be' by Rob Thomas and get ready for a night of magic!",0,0,"Jun  4, 2005"
9,"Mudvayne's Lost and Found is currently in the Bottom 30 of Metacritic's All-time Worst metascores. I'm astonished, as this would easily be my pick for Mudvayne's best. Scream what you want, Lost and Found delivers serious metal that will hook you like nothing else.",0,0,"Jun 12, 2006"
10,"it was a very good cd",0,0,"May 18, 2005"
10,"amazing",0,0,"May  1, 2005"
6,"The album starts out fairly well but the longer you listen to it the more monotonous it gets",0,0,"May  2, 2005"
10,"i loved it fuck the critics!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Jun 16, 2005"
10,"To the anonymous, i started out listening to twisted sister and all the greatets and i will tell you right now that mudvayne is one of the greatest bands to play. If you would actually take the time and listen to what they are trying to get across, then you will find a new (light) in there music. They are everything but average my friend",0,0,"Oct 31, 2006"
10,"I admit, I was unsure of what to expect out of this album, compared to their others. After reading most of the user comments, I suggest more people need to at least finish highschool, and learn to spell and write. Honestly, how can you take someone's review seriously when they have the vocabulary of a six year old? Deep lyrics? Do you even know what they mean? Death Metal has such a small following anymore, it's not even worth calling a genre. This is simply pure METAL. You morons should try listening to music for it's complexity and range, not for it's tendency to make you want to head bang. The composure of this album supercedes the previous albums by a vast margin. Maybe if you pull your heads out of your @$$es and actually listen to the music, instead of comparing them to everything else, you'll realize there's more to metal than powerchords. But I suppose that would require a brain wouldn't it?",0,0,"Mar 23, 2006"
5,"Sadly, I love Mudvayne, but this is what happens when they get on a major label that tells them they need radio play. What I mean is they alienate everyone. Thier old fans (like myself) feel very disappointed by lyrics and chords that all sound like they were made in about an hour in a studio with the sole propose of trying to get radio play, and new fans really can't jump on because their seen as too 'metal' for most people. I am NOT dissing slower more musical songs by metal bands, I loved some of their content on the End of All Things to Come album and respect a band that can change its tone, and that would have been great if they did it wholeheartedly for themselves. What they have given us now though just SOUNDS like a copout to get on the 'mainstream' and get radio play, the lyrics sound like they came up with them an hour before recording.",0,0,"Apr  1, 2006"
7,"The songs that are good on this album (which are about 5) are awesome songs! But the rest of the album I can't really say much about. It was worth the money, but don't put it on your top 10 'to buy' list.",0,0,"Nov 17, 2005"
10,"best album from mudmayen to date.",0,0,"May 26, 2005"
8,"I really like the album. It's not quite as good as LD 50, but it doesn't deserve the reviews it's received by Billboard or Rolling Stone. Talk about magazines that are out of touch.",0,0,"May  4, 2005"
10,"best cd from them to date! LD 50 was just as angry and I feel they've included some stuff from their earlier 'Kill I Oughta' days. Again, the 'big' critics don't have a feel for harder bands because they are too into the pop stuff. This is a true Mudvayne album!!!",0,0,"Jun  9, 2005"
9,"mudvayne is one of the most respected bands in the death metal world this CD is as great as any theyve made i think theyre the sh*% and i bet my life on it that the critic reviews for this band sell this band short because of their own personal opinion towards this genre and their lack of understanding towards the qualties in a death metal band that make a band in this style great i bid u good day.",0,0,"Jul  5, 2005"
10,"this was one of mudvaynes worse, but it is still muydvayne",0,0,"Jan 11, 2006"
10,"i agree totally with metalman, mduvayne are one of the most original, under-rated, talented bands of all time so much thought must go into what they do, its so heavy yet so beautiful at the same time which is a very hard thing to aomplish in a metal album and yes this is METAL album and one of the best ive personally ever heard its is on the same level as l.d50 the begginings of all things to end and the end of all thigns to come and they have recently started writing there new album i cant wait for anyone who doesnt go nuts your a bitch! MUDVAYNE OWN YOU ALL",0,0,"Oct 14, 2006"
10,"This is one of those albums where every song makes you wanna rock out. IMO the best thing Mudvayne could have done was to release a hard rock album.",0,0,"May 21, 2006"
10,"Simply and utterly awesome, shows that 'nu metal' has more soul and power than many precieve it to have. I like this album so much I'm having a mudvayne tattoo. Melodic but not sell-out and that speaks volumes in a time when Linkin Park clones are ten-a-penny. Heavy and melodic...need I say more? (Slipknot and Mudvayne rule!)",0,0,"May 23, 2006"
9,"This is the first Mudvayne album I've aqquired and frankly I think its one of the best I've gotten recently. I really enjoyed every track on the album but 'Happy?' is by far the best song on the album, if not one of the best songs released this year. Dont listen to these geeks downing the album, listen to it for yourself before making a decision on this one, IMO this album is great and offers the promise of more great albums to come.",0,0,"Jul 26, 2006"
7,"Not the best Mudvayne album, but to say this album deserves a 46 is a travesty. There are far worse things in existence. As an album i'd say this is an alright Nu-Metal album that has it's moments. Not on the level of their first 2 albums but still good enough to listen to and pick up from the 'Sale' bin.",0,0,"Oct 18, 2007"
9,"although mudvayne isn't real metal like pantera and iron maiden, etc, they are still extremely talented. they manage to blend their screaming with actual melody, which many bands are not able to do competently. the reason this album received such poor reviews is because the majority of music critics do not appreciate good music. they believe that any screamo/ death metal bands have pointless lyrics and that only suicidal/depressed/pissed-off-at-the-world-in-general teenagers listen to them. although i am a teen, i am neither suicidal nor am i depressed and even though i may get pissed off at certain people, i am not pissed off at the entire world. unlike the critics, i appreciate good music and i know a good rock album when it comes along. this album gets a 9 from me because i believe it rocks, but also because i believe that mudvayne is so talented that the next album they release will blow this one away. ROCK ON!!!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Feb 10, 2007"
9,"I really liked this album, as kim s said, you don't have to be angry with the whole world to listen to them. In fact this period of my life has been the happiest ever and i have just started listening to mudvayne, and lost and found stuck out as their best yet. Choices lends a lesson to all and fall into sleep and happy?, not to mention forget to remember are all gems, as are all the other tracks, with perhaps the exception of, actually they're all amazing.",0,0,"Feb 15, 2007"
6,"Lost and Found doesn't deliver, just like Mudvayne--but they try hard, gotta give them that.",0,0,"Apr  5, 2007"
10,"I would say this band is not really metal (its metal-ish), but they get away with it by their screaming/singing combination. Brilliant!",0,0,"May  6, 2007"
9,"MAN it drives me crazy when critics write Mudvayne off! Their last two albums have been clever and experimental in ways it seems (to me) hard to notice - are critics even listening to this stuff before they rate it? This group is a lot smarter than people give them credit for; just listen to the clash between all instruments. The guitar, bass, and drums each go their own way and come together for the grooviest of grooves. And obviously the fans on this website gave it a 7.9/10, so what gives? What bias to critic associations have?",0,0,"Feb 23, 2008"
10,"this album rocks, the score on here says nothing a metalhead does know when an album is good a this is brilliant, these guys sure can play not like the most of the artist on first position here 100%",0,0,"Apr 18, 2008"
6,"i have read some of the comments and one in particular said 'this is the real mudvayne' how can you say that? go back to kill iounghto and ld.50, the end of all things to come, we see the anger and the sensble facts of life, deep lyrics and amazing bass tunes, then comes lost n found ha it aint so bad pulling the string is good imn there the 2 songs that are the ones to lisen, chad (voclist) cant scream anymore but he proves he can still sing very well. look at it this way... emo scene we have the 3 first amazing albums then lost and found, tv raidio happy? songs like that are in the emo geune and in 2 years even they will be rememberd as a fad witch is really sad to say the shear tallant of this band there capebble of more a lot more, i wuld love to see another math/nu metal album so they clear this so hundreds of thousand real! fans will beable to sleep at night. foget about the emo fans they dint get you where you are guys",0,0,"Dec 14, 2005"
9,"I think this is a work of genius, an album that grows more and more into a leviathonic masterpiece of pure greatness. Er, I like it.",0,0,"Jan 14, 2006"
8,"This is one of those bands that really evolve over their albums, yet still stay true to their core. Mudvayne sounds like mudvayne no matter their album. It's not nu-metal because these guys don't use turn tables, it's not TRUE metal like pantera either, no - MuDvAyNe deserves their own genre... pure bad assness. They are very original! Lost and Found is so far the cleanest sounding album to date for them, yet they still manage to add some of their screaming and hardcore riffs with tasteful style. Fall into sleep is my favorite track on this cd. Quite different from songs like severed and cultivate which are as good in their own ways, yet so different. I love these guys. Can't wait for the new cd. PS. Critics gave them low reviews because they don't have any other bands to compare them to. Lyrically and talent wise these guys are on par with everything else out there, now how they compose the vocals and music to mesh together so well is beyong amazing, and is the main reason they stand out. It's not all thrown together like most of slipknot sounds like, these guys got rhythm. (sorry slipknot fans..)",0,0,"Dec 24, 2006"
8,"Really well-done song. The bridge from Rain. Sun. Gone. to Choices combination is excellent. They're too technically proficient to write off as average.",0,0,"Nov  8, 2007"
6,"After Mudvayne's last 2 major releases, I was anticipating this album a lot but it let me down. It's better to listen to the songs individually rather than as an album. It really starts sounding the same.",0,0,"Feb 19, 2008"
9,"This album stood out to me as being very good! I was very suprised to see such a low rating from the critics.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2006"
0,"This band is like Ebola spreading around the world.    It needs to stop.",0,0,"Jan  6, 2016"
9,"angel of retribution is an instant classic. it has everything it takes for an album to be great and more. a must have for every metal and hard rock fan. the replay button of your stereo is in danger from the moment you buy this album. It contains some excellent songs, such as revolution and worth fighting for. but the album's real highlight is the seventh track, 'angel'. this ballad will send shivers down your spine, with its great, meaningful lyrics (sung beautifully by an incredible rob halford). A miracle of an album!",1,1,"Jan  7, 2012"
10,"Great comeback from Judas Priest. It has particle from every album before. I can say that it tells the story of the band. It's a mastered piece of art and it rocks as every album of them!",1,1,"May 22, 2014"
1,"Oh my god! Is this music or... I don't know - it sounds horrible!",0,1,"Apr  2, 2005"
8,"a few week songs but a verry good album. halford is back!!",0,0,"Apr 17, 2005"
10,"Its Priest!!!!!",0,0,"May  5, 2005"
9,"At first I hated this album, I was hoping they'd release a carbon-copy of the legendary 'Painkiller' album, but they didn't, and it's grown on me so much. I love it. One thing was clear from the start, however - the guitar solos on this record are absolutely incredible!!!",0,0,"Jan  8, 2006"
9,"REALLY good. its just like all their old stuff. man they rock. Get this CD today! i would give it a ten but its not as good as hihipuffiamiyumi!",0,0,"Mar 19, 2005"
9,"It is a very good album with spot-on playing, great vocals and few of their best songs such as Judas rising, Revolution and Deal with the devil. Angel is also a great ballad. Without the pretty terrible 'Loch ness' this would be a 10",0,0,"Apr  7, 2005"
9,"That Blender review is the worst review ever!",0,0,"Aug  4, 2005"
10,"great album.....worth fighting for",0,0,"Feb  3, 2007"
9,"One of the greatest Priest albums, and of course I would've preferred 'this' in 1986...I fucking love everything about it, solos, lyrics, you name it!!!, very heavy album and that stupid blender review sucks...no real metalhead enters a Hot Topic you fucking piece of shit!!...only punks and fucking emos..hehe...",0,0,"Apr  1, 2007"
9,"Certainly, the best Heavy Metal album of the last year. Another example that when it comes to Metal, Judas Priest is simply the best.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2005"
9,"Drums and Lyrics could be -locked- in better so I rate it below 'Screaming for Vengeance' and",0,0,"Jun  2, 2005"
9,"Great Showing from the PRIEST",0,0,"Jun  7, 2005"
9,"One of the best metal albums...There is not any tracks that lets down the listener.",0,0,"Dec 29, 2006"
10,"Priest is back...perfect",0,0,"Jun 10, 2006"
9,"This IS the album I wish was released in 1986, (as some have eluded to. Brought me back to my High School days. Awesome album! This IS Judas Priest Metal, Wheels of Fire baby!",0,0,"Nov 19, 2005"
10,"The Priest is back!!! Halford at his best, just like the old good times",0,0,"Oct 14, 2005"
10,"This is just a step lower than painkiller or defenders of the faith.....",0,0,"Mar 19, 2005"
9,"Fantastic album, judas Rising is one of the best songs ever in metal. Lochness is an epic +13 minute long metal anthem, hellrider is a classic metal song and Angel is one of the greatest metal ballads ever written!",0,0,"Nov 22, 2008"
6,"There's one review you didn't include on here, that I pretty much agree with. It's Revolver magazine's review, saying Papa Roach's pummeling lacks purpose.",0,0,"Oct 30, 2004"
5,"The song 'Getting Away With Murder' is a great song but im not really crazy about the hole album...",0,0,"Oct 21, 2004"
6,"I thought LHT was an awesome album, so when I heard the first 5 songs of GAWM I thought it was gonna rock. On those songs, Papa Roach took the great hard rock style of LHT and pushed it a little bit further. Then I heard the 6th song and it all went downhill, with a weak Jet rip-off followed by identikit pop and some weak rock songs for good measure. The overall impression I got was it was too light and poppy, whereas LHT was heavy and dark, and I hope that is the direction they take on their next album.",0,0,"Mar  7, 2006"
8,"Well im from Mexico so my english may not be very good. anyway I think this album is not even close to Infest thats for sure but is better than the last one, when it looked like the end of P.Roach. This is harder and agressive, and for the people who thought paparoach was dead well this is a prove that is not even close. The only problem for the fans of PR is that the band we knew, might never come back. Lets see what hapen.",0,0,"Jan 16, 2005"
10,"Papa roach keep getting me going, The voice of Jacoby is sooo strong, the bass talent of Tobin is also amazing, and Jerry and Dave, play sooo well, This album is about rythem, feelings, agression etc. I was quite suprised first time I heard it, was this really Papa Roach, Only thing I can say The growed, after infest, the already did a really great job on Lovehatetragedy were they also growed, But GAWN is so strong... It really get you trilled and listen it over and over again... YEAH VIVA LA CUCKARACHA",0,0,"Mar 11, 2005"
8,"Infest was a 10. LHT was a 5. GAWM is somewhere in the middle. Papa Roach stuck with the singing over the rapping agenda as expressed by Coby Dick (yes P. Roach was the shit when he went by that name so im going to use it) before the relase of LHT. This time it went over much better than before. Personally, I was highly pissed off when I bought LHT and stuck it in for the first time because of the change in style. It grew on me somewhat but never caught on totally. I still sometimes listen to Infest like I bought it yesterday. GAWM was an entirely different inception for me over LHT. I expected it to be singing and less rappibng (or in this case none), albeit i wanted to hear more rapping and less singing. However, the end result is a completely different sounding Papa Roach. Die hard fans will like, and fair weather ones will not. They did a better job this time, but I'm sure all of us would like to see Papa Roach return to their roots one last time before they fizzle out with the commercial world and media. One more thing does have me pissed off though: Everyone wants to see growth and change. Papa Roach tried to do that with their past two ablums and have been slapped in the face for it. I say, 'If you've got a working formula, sick with it. After all if it aint broke dont fix it.' I would have accepted a carbon copy of Infest over LHT and loved it 10 times more. Anyways, someone talk to Papa Roach and the guys and tell them to give us what we want!!!!",0,0,"Mar 13, 2005"
10,"i think this cd was good. some songs are a different side of papa roach, but i like the lyrics. They have some feelings and i believe that it's the best cd i've bought all year.",0,0,"Mar 22, 2005"
10,"i lit my pain on fire and i watched it all burn down, now im dancing in the ashes and there's no pone else around... fucking awesome",0,0,"May  6, 2005"
7,"A lot better than I thought it would be. Fans who were disapointed with lovehatetragedy should give this one a try...",0,0,"Sep 13, 2004"
10,"incredible`",0,0,"Sep 19, 2004"
10,"It is not what you would expect when you put it in the first time but listen to it a few times, i found my self really liking it. Allittle less crazy, but still now whimpy, nice chill album.",0,0,"Jan 28, 2005"
7,"It won't incite musical revolutions, but GETTING AWAY WITH MURDER is mostly a sucessful record of crafted heavy pop rock. Lyrically, Papa Roach is much like Linkin Park in that they seem to explore similar themes in all their songs, but Shaddix keeps from being terribly cliched by also punching out a couple of pretty good politically motivated rockers ('Not Listening', 'Tyranny of Normality') and also not rhyming words like 'mad' with 'sad' or 'bad'. In the end, any flaws that might accompany MURDER (the ultra-cliche of 'Scars' for example) don't matter; it's a pretty good show.",0,0,"Jul 28, 2006"
9,"Blood (Empty Promises) (8.5) This song has good heavy rock elements in it. The chorus is great but the beginning sounds a little off. The song really picks up later though and Papa Roach really starts to rock out. Overall, great song.
Not Listening (9) This song is really great and the catchy chorus hook with the heavy guitar is really awesome. Even though the lyrics repeat a little bit, this would be a really great song to mosh to or trash your room with or something like that if you're an angry teenager or something.
Start Looking Start Seeing (9) This song has great use of heavy instrumentals and good vocals as well. The screamo part is really great as well. Papa Roach always has had a great mainstream rock sound that is very melodic. Saying all this, the instrumentals are what make this song stand out to me.
Take Me (9) This song has a great message and gives the listener (well me at least) a great vibe, especially when the chorus kicks in. While I haven't listened to this album in quite some time, up to this point, it is very consistent.
Getting Away With Murder (9.25) One of my favorite mainstream Papa Roach songs of all time. I really like listening to the instrumental on YouTube as well. The aggressive lyrics in the chorus really make this stand out as one of my favorite hard rock songs of all time. The heavy guitar element in the middle of the song is really great as well, along with how the tone of the song kind of changes to more screamo.
Be Free (8) I really don't like drinking and I don't like drunks but it's whatever. The tone of the album kind of changes on this song and even though I like the tone, I don't like it as much as the songs in the beginning of the album. But the chorus has a good little catchy tune. The guitar is good as usual.
Done With You (8) This song has a little bit of an emo topic to it and that's fine. It just talks about negative stuff alot and that's not a good way to think. The guitar solo near the middle of the song really lets me keep the score at a solid 8 and I'm glad because I remember listening to Papa Roach's Infest album alot when I growing up. It also continues to talk about elements of alcoholism and I despise alcohol.
Scars (8.5) This was the second single off this record I believe (after Getting Away With Murder), and while it has a okay tune, I really don't connect with it. At this point, I really don't want to hear about alcohol anymore but I understand that Papa Roach is the artist and I would assume that maybe they have had struggled with alcohol in their life.
Sometimes (9) This song really starts to hit hard after the acoustic portion in the beginning. It's also great how Papa Roach changes the tempo and the sound throughout the song. The melodic instrumentals/lyrics and the guitar solo for the matter really helped me keep this score high.
Blanket Of Fear (8.5) I love how this track starts heavy and stays heavy. It's a catchy tune throughout the track and the interesting guitar elements within the piece, really add a great flair to the song and really shows Papa Roach's artistic ability.
Tyranny Of Normality (8.5) I really connect with the title of this song. An average life for any young person in this day and age is depressing. I really don't understand people who can actually wake up, go to work, come home, and go out to eat and have their friends over for the weekends and call that fun. Einstein's whole spiel of insanity really started hitting home with me as I got older.
Do Or Die (8) This track has a great message to wrap up the album I think. The lyrics kind of repeat but that is common in punkish rock even though this really isn't really punk rock. It's more like heavy rock but not quite heavy metal.",0,0,"Aug  1, 2014"
8,"I have been a minor fan of Saliva's music since Every Six Seconds was released, but it wasn't until I listened to this album that I found them playing to their full potential and actually living up to singer Josey Scott's sometimes egocentric lyrics. Survival has more definition than any of the band's previous work, with full-on rock excess lyrics and a shredding sound. Razor's Edge is a great gentle track, pairing Scott with the 3 Doors Down lead singer. The title-track is a rock-hard, triumphant anthem packed with humor and wit. With this new album, Saliva has surpassed all of their previous works as a whole, and have redefined themselves as party-hard rock revivalists, though they haven't strayed so far as to alienate any of their fans. Overall, Survival of the Sickest has the attitude and sound to put them back on the map amidst all the other rap-rock bands of today. Check this album out if you enjoyed the fierce and fiery title-track, as it is a fantastic representation of what the album has in store for all y'all headbangers. Viva la Revolution!",0,0,"Sep  2, 2004"
9,"very very good album i really liked The Survival of The Sickest",0,0,"Oct  2, 2004"
10,"This album is fricken awsome. one of the best rock albums of this decade. even though this band doesn't get the airplay that other bands do, they out perform them. SALIVA is badass. they obviously deserve a 10.",0,0,"Jun 20, 2007"
10,"Rocks your socks off as Tenacious D would say.",0,0,"Aug 17, 2005"
2,"Unoriginal, forgettable and very boring.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2009"
9,"Found it to be great. An enjoyable album for any Saliva fans, new or old.",0,0,"Aug 26, 2004"
10,"these guys got hard rock in there veins, there great",0,0,"Dec 22, 2006"
10,"I love this band. I love this album. The person who said the context of Kittie's lyrics are mainly 'Parents don't understand me' is a moron. I'm sorry, but this person obviously has never heard a full Kittie song in their lives. 'SO WUT LOL!' Why is this person reviewing an album that they haven't heard?",0,0,"Sep  3, 2004"
10,"fabulous simply the best",0,0,"Sep  3, 2004"
10,"This is an excellent album. It would be a good reccomendation to anyone who likes the band KiTTiE or heavy metal music. This album has heavier riffs and hardcore vocals than KiTTiE's second album 'Oracle'.",0,0,"Sep 13, 2004"
10,"Now. I rated this a 10 because I don't bias when it comes to selling out, which Kittie did right after Spit. But I do love Kittie. Morgan Lander's Demon-esque growls are annoying to others, hardcore to some. Morgan Lander has also developed some pipes over the years. I am looking forward to there being more emphasis on a better growl, and vocals backing up those growls, like in 'Severed'. Kittie has most certainly matured & gained more talent over the years.",0,0,"Jan  9, 2005"
9,"The music is fantastic and the lyrics are awesome,pretty much like in any other Kittie Album, This album has some of the best songs in the band history.",0,0,"Oct 28, 2015"
7,"The sound and feel of this album take me back to the better parts of Land of Rape and Honey. There is a sense of originality that has felt lacking in the later releases. I was happily surprised by this disc since writing them off after Darkside of the Spoon. There are points, however, where Al, Paul and party seem to get suck in the same riff, as they have often done. Those moments keep this album from getting a better score as they happen much too often. If you like Ministry, you'll most likely enjoy this album. If you don't but are interested, find a copy of the 3 disc Box collection instead.",0,0,"Oct  2, 2004"
9,"pure ministry style back from psalm 69. Ready to blow your ears and kick your ass... and fuck the perfect world of 'W' bush...",0,0,"Aug 18, 2004"
10,"Let alone the well-appreciated political intention of this magnificent album, it musically is a masterpiece of modern music in general.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2005"
9,"This album blow me away!",0,0,"Aug 10, 2006"
9,"By far one of the best albums to come out this year!It's great from start to finish...",0,0,"Aug 16, 2004"
10,"Awsome!",0,0,"Aug 26, 2005"
10,"Without a doubt a staple in Metal and Music history, the best of the bands current Trilogy this album sets a new bar for the band. Merging both a Dark heaviness with a even darker sense of melody this albums covers both the areas of heavy metal and of passionate expression. This album should not go unheard and for any serious fan of metal or hard rock should not go un-owned.",2,2,"Aug  6, 2008"
8,"How this album is rated so low by critics is something I will never know. This album is simply one of the best metal albums out there. Slipknot has established themselves as the leaders of Nu-Metal and Vol. 3 is nothing short of a master piece.",1,1,"Nov 17, 2011"
9,"Where to begin? This album is great,  but there are a few songs that I felt had no place in a Slipknot album. However, that's only three songs. The rest are all hardcore songs, and anyone who says that its wrong to use Acoustic guitar is ignorant, as they are not just a bunch of clowns hopping on stage for us; they are artists, and this was an experiment , a successful one to say the least. The best song on this album imo has to be The Blister Exists, it makes you get up and headbang because its so hardcore! And yes, I am a real metal head, I listen to all the good thrash bands so don't say I'm a poser fools. Pulse of the Maggots and Three Nil have some awesome percussion and guitar, Vermillion is a two part song that is really awesome, having weird sound effects and Corey's insane vocals. The songs Duality and Before I Forget are the two songs most commonly heard on the radio, but they are still pretty awesome, if not a little formulaic. (More so Before I Forget then Duality, I like Duality quite a bit.) So what are the songs I didn't like? Well I don't care that they went into Acoustic Guitar, but the songs The Virus of Life, Circle, and Danger-Keep Away are all very slow non Slipknot sounding songs and they just don't click with me, I couldn't listen to Danger Keep Away very long, because of the inane whispering as well haha. The song Welcome is pretty good as well I forgot to mention, and Opium of the People is awesome but needs to be longer, too short with those awesome guitar riffs.",1,1,"Feb  8, 2012"
10,"In this album, Slipknot show a different side to the previous 2 albums. The intensity remains, but in different ways. The Blister Exists is a brutal drum-fest, whilst Circle is a calm, sad, melodic effort showing diversity in the band (something that is often not recognised with Slipknot)",1,1,"Jun 30, 2012"
9,"I left a better taste that Iowa  the instruments and the lyrics are very decent this time, no clutter, are exepcional and not lose their hard style.
What I like the album is that his side took more meodico and combine his great chaotic style and have released an excellent work.
The only bad thing is that Corey's voice sounds very hoarse, which had seen a bit sick.
It's a nice touch that, but this band has proven that they can be more than just a noisy band.
Well Slipknot.",1,1,"Mar 15, 2013"
9,"One of the greatest modern metal bands in history pumped out another mayhem fuelled album superbly performed produced and composed. I can't wait to see what they do next",1,1,"Apr 25, 2013"
9,"Creative. Melodic. Original. Slipknot's maximum potential in one album. One of their best album (if not the best one). It is mastered with brutality and uplifting emotions of sadness, introversion and retrospect. Definitely worth listening to, especially Prelude 3.0, Circle and Welcome.",1,1,"Feb 18, 2014"
2,"This cd is awful, with the exception of two songs. Rick Rubin has really dumbed down the talent. I was really dissappointed",0,1,"Jun 30, 2004"
0,"this cd was not slipknot they sold out, once one of my favorite bands is now a band i loathe!",0,2,"Sep  4, 2004"
5,"Ah!WTF went wrong here!?Slipknot has traded in their B.C Richs' for acustic guitars.The songs also have lost their intensity,and the 'in your face' lyrics that were on IOWA and their ST.I was even more disapointed that this came from Rick Rubin of all people.Very disapointing...",0,1,"Aug 27, 2004"
0,"wow slipknot is a joke.......only freaks listen to this shit....",0,1,"Apr 13, 2005"
0,"things should be said about just how horrible this band really is, but i don't have the time or energy to waste on this piece of horse shit you call an album...",0,1,"Apr 27, 2005"
0,"when i first heard this cd, i laughed, thinking it was a complete joke. no one could 'write' (for lack of better terms) this music and think they are doing anything for anybody. well i stand corrected, they are a very serious band out there to keep little tasteless media whores happy by trying to buy records that aren't 'mainstream.' this album is not only mainstream, it's mainstream shit. for the love of god, please tell this band that they suck",0,1,"May  9, 2005"
4,"Slipknot rocks! but i have to say that this album i softer than iowa and that sucks im not saying slipknot sucks im saying that they sould be more like they were on iowa cuz' thats there coolest album! cya at the next slipknot concert in copenhagen my fellow maggots",0,1,"Sep 26, 2006"
3,"A sold-out band which thinks to make metal, but it doesn't. 8 BAND MEMBERS? A RECORD PLAYER? Is that a joke? A percussion is useless, IMAGINE 2 PERCUSSIONS, like Slipknot have!",0,3,"Dec 13, 2012"
9,"awesome cd. theyve grown up without losing the balls",0,0,"Jun  1, 2004"
8,"this cd is definitely worth buying; it's both intense and catchy",0,0,"Jun  5, 2004"
2,"I was totally disappointed with this album. I am a huge fan of Iowa, so I was shocked to hear this CD. I think that they sold out. You can't wear crazy masks, call yourself metal, and sing girly songs!",0,0,"Jun  5, 2004"
8,"This album, for the most part, achieves a lot of things. It's more accessible, more experimental, and more musically varied, with a good deal of progressive rock influences, and quite a bit of melody infused in the songs. The usual Slipknot fare is here (The Blister Exists, Opium of the People, Welcome), while more experimental pieces such as Prelude 3.0, Danger - Keep Away (with it's surprisingly un-Slipknot vocal harmonies), and the hauntingly gothic Vermilion, probably the best track on this CD. There's also a couple of acoustic tracks here, which some people will (not unjustified) label as sounding a little too much like Stone Sour. Overall, Vol. 3 showcases a more mature and experimental Slipknot; unfortunately, some of their fans will undoubtedly mistake maturity for selling out, which is certainly not the case since Slipknot can still be as heavy as they want to be. It's using this aggression in a more controlled setting that raises them above the usual nu-metal fare.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2004"
10,"not like the first two albums. Very good.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2004"
10,"I loved Slipknot and Iowa, and at first was shocked and disappointed with Vol. 3 BUT once I got over MY desire for another Iowa (which is a kickbutt brutal album) and enjoyed the album for what they wanted to do and say with it - it rocked. While I will always enjoy Heritic Anthem in my computer room alone, it was awesome to her my wife actually ask me to put in Circle/Duality/Vermillion 2 downstairs where we could both appreciate 'em (with beer, of course).",0,0,"Jun  2, 2004"
9,"While I haven't seen any reviews posted here yet, it puts a sour taste in my mouth - as I'm sure it does other enlightened souls - to think about how many times the word 'sellout' will pop up when they are finally posted. As someone who hates mainstream radio with passion and who owns some of the most extreme records ever peformed by humans, let me just go ahead and set the record straight: the notion that this record is soft or angling for better sales or any of that is collossal horseshit. In a perfect world, fans would realize that stretching you creative muscles or trying to grow beyond your genre is not 'selling out', a term I doubt most of its many young users even know the true meaning of. It's supposed to be about the music, PERIOD - not radio station is playing it, or how many times the video is being played on MTV, etc. Form your own opinion. Listen to the music. And friends, let me tell you, the music here is frequently astonishing, teeming with skill and an unabashed desire to please. 'The Blister Exists' and 'Three Nil', which come right off the bat, are easily two of the band's best songs ever, and things don't slow down much from there. When they do get slow (yes, there are some ballads), it feels not all like a stunt or ploy, for the results are polished and catchy enough to sell the band's intentions behind them wholeheartedly. This is music made by a band that wants to GROW, not stay planted in their idols' shadows forever. Ferocious, addictive, blunt, and even funny, Vol. 3 is a messy triumph that rides over its two or three weaks tracks like a speeding train. Stay in IOWA if you wish, but for the adverturous, Vol. 3 is a great place to be.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2004"
9,"i would have to say i am impressed with slipknot i have been listening 2 the insance and vilolent music for about the bast 2-3 years and this beats all with there new and imporoved songs cory has outdone himslef with his sing as he did in his other band Stone sour keep it up guys you ROCK!",0,0,"Jun 15, 2004"
10,"I think this album is as good as their first two or if not better.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2004"
10,"i like all the songs, and i hope slipknot doen't break up because they would be losing a lot of fans who love them and their music, like me for instance.",0,0,"Jun 21, 2004"
10,"perfection. again. anyone who rates this disc anything less than 10 has no idea what true metal music is all about. this is it. Slipknot has proved once again that they are the most talented, hardcore band out there. any 'sell-out' talk I've heard so far is said because of the slower tracks, which is only from people who obviously haven't been listening to metal for very long or are just straight up posers. how is growing as a band and producing the best music any artist in the band has created to date selling out? most people who claim 'sell-out' on this album are probably limp bizkit fans anyways, so what the hell would they really know?",0,0,"Jul  1, 2004"
10,"I liked this CD since I am a big fan of Slipknot and love every single song since the their first album and love a their work I hope they keep together and make more music",0,0,"Jun 30, 2004"
10,"this is slipknot's best....if i hear one more person say that they sold out i am going to personally hunt u down and rip ur balls off...grow up...its not about being the heavierst metal out there they are some of the most talented musicians alive to date....a few songs i think that are worth noting for you people who say they 'sold out' are: the blister exists, three nil, opium of the people, welcome' listen to those ones..they still got it in them to be the heaviest band ever....they also show that they can be creative and dynamic (the nameless) which happens to be my favourite song on the CD...they never sold out, not even close...i was a slipknot fan before, now they are my fave this album kicks ass go buy it right now...i wish this rating scale went higher than 10",0,0,"Jul  4, 2004"
10,"Man this rocked!!! Adicting, man.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2004"
8,"i thought it was better than iowa but i wished it had more fast drumming song didn't like the slow songs",0,0,"Jul  5, 2004"
9,"It's like the second 1,awesome and true music",0,0,"Jun 28, 2004"
10,"Big departure from previous efforts, but still packs a punch!",0,0,"Jul  6, 2004"
7,"The slow songs reaaaallly suck, if I want good slow songs I'll pop In Radiohead, the rest is FUCK, the best song is 13 no doubt. Get it!",0,0,"Jul 17, 2004"
8,"this cd is awesome. one of slipknots best 1s. listen 2 all the tracks and c wut the guys from iowa have.",0,0,"Aug  8, 2004"
9,"People moaning about slow songs?? it cannot be thrash death metal all the way through, if it was all heavy it would be dull, I did not like Slipknot at all but this album shows so much maturity in their music, i think its superb",0,0,"Jul 30, 2004"
10,"This album shows that slipknot can go in any direction it chooses and still do it better than anyone else out there.",0,0,"Sep  4, 2004"
10,"Slipknot is one of the greatest nu-metal bands ever! Their third album is different than previous ones. However, duality is just as great as left behind and wait and bleed... All of their 3 albums are masterpieces in their time...",0,0,"Sep 13, 2004"
10,"By far their best album",0,0,"Sep 28, 2004"
9,"Its a brilliant album with a good mixture of pop metal brought in but with very similar thrashy music and hints of mature progression into a settled alternative rock/metal . overall it shows theyre capability of expanding shows their maturity its a shame this is their last album",0,0,"Nov 16, 2004"
4,"While it kept my interests for the first handful of songs i soon become disgusted with its accoustic garbage and nickelback-esque 'soulful' lyrics. Not a valid purchase by any means.",0,0,"Nov 21, 2004"
10,"This is by far their best album yet. As rolling stone said, they've finally married some beauty to their beast. The guitar is thrashing as usual with complex riffs and solos, and Corey Taylor doesn't scream every lyric this time and he shows that yes, he CAN sing and he can sing very well. Great album",0,0,"Nov 29, 2004"
8,"i have to say this rules, its a pity they arent doing another one because they may have become a great band, this is ten times better than that iowa shit, i dont give 2 shts if theyve mellowed out, mellow is good, they couldve been better than metallica. cunts",0,0,"Dec  5, 2004"
10,"One of the most unique CD's i have ever heard. Unlike anything ever before. Great sound - they have evolved from the basic heavy guitar riffs and into something new.",0,0,"Dec  7, 2004"
9,"I absolutely loved this CD. Perhaps their best, in my opinion. It mixes the heavy tracks of Iowa into some new ones ('The Blister Exists', 'Before I Forget'), with some melody with Vermilion parts 1 and 2, and Circle. It even has the obligatory creepy track, The Virus of Life.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2004"
9,"slipknot rule",0,0,"Jun  7, 2004"
6,"Better in terms of musical diversity yet it lacks the energy of the band's previous offerings.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2004"
9,"This album was bad! My most favorite part about it was duality when they where busting out windows and all that stuff. One other thing that was really kool was when the evil clown (with a baseball bat) was helping the drummer play drum (but on a larger drum.)Yet i have watch the music video soo many time that i'd reather talk about it than the real CD itself.",0,0,"Dec 28, 2004"
9,"I still think their best CD is Iowa, but even though Iowa is my favourite i think that 'Vol 3. (The Subliminal Verses) is real close to become my new favourite though. Their style of music seems to be a bit diffrent, but Slipknot is still the best. Always has and always will. So, the CD 'Vol. 3 (The Subliminal Verses)' is worth the price (in my o'pinion). So buy the fucking album.",0,0,"Jun 28, 2004"
9,"the Self Titled and Iowa kick the shit outta this CD in terms of heavines and brutal lyrics but its not at all a bad cd its just different, so if you couldnt take slipknot before because its so hard and harsh then you might wanna take a look at this, but if you liked ur slipknot the way it was and arnt apt to change",0,0,"Nov  7, 2004"
10,"This album is up there. and by up there i mean way up there. i have been listening to it all summer long and still can't get enough. it may be more mellow but the lyrics and guitar and drums and singing seem fake. how do people say it sucks. you suck",0,0,"Oct 14, 2004"
9,"This album is great. It's much better than their previous efforts. The Subliminal Verses shows a that Slipknot are more than capable of structuring a song with more than just a mish mash of noise. People complain about the slower songs and say they suck yet they give no reason other than 'thEy suK cOZ dEy r SloW!' These slower songs such as Circle and Vermillion Pt 2 and both haunting and beautiful at the same time. Duality and Vermillion demonstrate a blend between rock and metal and most of the others are fast paced and generally awesome songs such as Three Nil, The Nameless and Pulse of The Maggots.",0,0,"Oct 15, 2004"
10,"Great album, really good metal in it mixing in with melody i think its there best album. Im hoping for more like this.",0,0,"Jan 26, 2005"
9,"Well isn't this metal? A band that can combine quiet and extremely heavy metal into one song surely deserves some credit. My favorite has to be 'the blister exists' but apart from all else, slipknot deserves a much earned rest. This album surely would have tested them as much as it rocked the music industry in the US of A. Deftones MAY have a little competition here.",0,0,"Mar  8, 2005"
10,"Yeah...This album kicked the siht out of most metal albums.I recommended it to all of my friends and i recommend it to you too. Brilliant use of guitars and base but the lyrics are a slight let down from the better than 10/10 album iowa.",0,0,"Mar  9, 2005"
10,"Notice how nobody has given this album a low rating yet? That's because it's some of the best stuff out there right now. Both the insane guitar skills shown in 'Pulse of the Maggots' and 'Welcome' and the very nice drumming in 'Three Nil' and 'The Blister Exists' show that Slipknot are musical geniuses.",0,0,"Mar 24, 2005"
10,"You cant trust a frickin reviewer with music...especially like 'alternative press'...its what u like not some old guy in a room with a boombox...I think this CD KICKS ASS! and I like all the songs! if u like Slipknot go buy the frickin CD!",0,0,"Mar 29, 2005"
10,"awesome cd, only problem is the horrible song 'Circle' it has no melody at all, nor is it loud",0,0,"Apr 12, 2005"
10,"this cd is a 10 - 10. who cares what those piece of shit guys that work for magazines say. they dont even listen to this shit so they should have no say. for now on when they decide to review a cd they need to ask the fans or at least the people who listen to metal. not some gay ass fuck head who beats off to elton john.",0,0,"Apr 20, 2005"
9,"brilliant-more mainstream than the other albums but still for the hardcore fan!",0,0,"May  3, 2005"
10,"Slipknot have gotten better and better each album, people say its more pop-inflected, what the fuck?! there aint single shitty pop group who come up with anything that even matches Slipknot, they're the most underrated metal band for talent!!mick n jim are 2 of the best guitarists ever!joey is just off the charts as far as a drummer goes,sid is a wicked DJ!craig is just a genius,clown is insane but also talented n corey taylor has the best voice in the music industry,n chris fehn is talented,in my eyes they're the most talented musicians to come from a town that noone had ever even heard of before slipknot!!i got 1 thing to say to people who have never listened to slipnot/or have never liked them, TO SHUT UP AND STOP WASTING EVERYONES TIME!! this album is an indication that they're getting better as musicians and they're NOT afraid to do what they wanna do!! WE MAGGOTS ARE AN ARMY!!!!",0,0,"May 24, 2005"
10,"This album is so awesome-i had all the usual assumptions that slipknot were talentless freaks who screamed over crappy power chords. but how wrong was i!! this album is miles better than IOWA and it should be owned by anyone who has an interest in proper music. genius.",0,0,"Jul 10, 2005"
0,"I honestly can't listen to this crap with a straight face. They're a terrible band on all fronts. This isn't an album. It is, however, a perfect example of how stupid some record companies are. But if you tasteless goth freaks are buying it, go ahead. Someone tell Slipknot they they're making fools of themselves, for their sake and ours.",0,0,"Aug 28, 2005"
10,"The best album ive heard, this album has hardcore headbanging songs and songs with acoustic melodies. it has everything, all you fuckers who think this album sucks need to realise what a proper band sounds like, and it dosent get any better than this.",0,0,"Nov 23, 2005"
10,"This album fucking roxors. This is some of the best musical talent out there in the rock/metal world, no matter what those soft-ass pop folk will say. Dynamic contrasts in some of the songs are awesome.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2005"
10,"This CD rox and i am listening their music right now.....just cant wait for VOL.4",0,0,"Dec 24, 2005"
10,"Slipknot is one of my favorite bands. i think that this is truly ther best album ever.YOU GUYS KICK ASS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Dec 28, 2005"
10,"Amazing Band. Much more melodic then their previous albums, with amazing singing from the lead singer Corey Taylor. Accoustic songs on the album will apease just about anyone. Fantastic Drummer also. 10/10",0,0,"Feb 21, 2006"
9,"Awesome metal album",0,0,"Mar 16, 2006"
10,"I love fcukign love this bant thats the best band ever im fucking great fan !!! Do not mess and lame whith Slipknot the Best ban on WORLD!!! GOOD ALbumj great the best ever !!!  !..! Best band ever!! 4 ever",0,0,"Apr 22, 2006"
9,"Their best album to date!!! I suggest buying the special edition that comes with a bonus disc!!! Slipknot rules!!!",0,0,"Apr 26, 2006"
10,"this is an awsome album!anyone who doesn't like this album doesn't like slipknot",0,0,"May 16, 2006"
0,"Slipknot's Vol 3: (The Subliminal Verses, is an overall pleonastic experience. Listening to this was one of the most profuse moments of my entire life. This album is trite. Don't but this.",0,0,"Jun  1, 2006"
9,"not as good as Slipknot but definetly one hell of an album! you've got to love three nil, man. kick ass!",0,0,"Feb  2, 2007"
10,"This is their best album so far. The strange thing about it is the lack of a certain four letter word, usualy freely used by Corey Taylor. It has an interesting composition of loud and quiet, making it a very memorable album. It gives the impression that the band have really matured, and that their next album will really be something special. Stay (sic) my maggots.",0,0,"Mar  8, 2007"
9,"This is a great album and hopefully a sign of things to come from Slipknot.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2007"
7,"Firstly, a message to DeMarcus B: profuse",0,0,"Mar 14, 2008"
10,"The solos,lyrics,and pretty much everything about this album is amasing.",0,0,"Jul 13, 2008"
9,"When I first listened to slipknot, I started with Iowa like most. I liked the album very much; more than any of the other nu-metal at the time. The album was intense, raw, and powerful. I then heard their self titled album, but I did not enjoy it as much as Iowa. I suspect that this is because the two sounded familiar. This third album, however, is a horse of a different color. Now, i know most fans will label this as a sell out. But in my opinion, this album is a breath of fresh air and really is a step up. It shows that this group is very talented, and not a one trick pony. I was also impressed with its variety, with very dark and heavy songs like 'the virus of life' and others which are more soft such as 'danger - keep away'. I enjoyed it very much, my favorite so far.",0,0,"May 25, 2009"
9,"A more melodic Slipknot album with a more harmonic sound. In it the sound no longer beats you over the head with loud anger and aggression (not an insult). There are still plenty of heavy tracks, but no longer are they laced with excessive profanity or references to the devil that at times felt thrown in for shock value. It overall feels like a much more mature work from the band, so parents might not be so horrified with their out-of-place feeling teenagers listening to it.
That's not to say they're Slipknot's only audience. In fact the band's work has always had the potential for a much wider audience than it already has, but that would require people to get over the stereotypes associated with this kind of music. This album does a lot to help that.
Not only is the style and tone different than previous albums, but the lyrical themes are as well. The stuff can get pretty dark. Songs like The Nameless, The Virus of Life, and the Vermillion tracks focus on darker aspects of 'love' such as obsession and worship. When the sound isn't heavy it can be creepy, but it all feels intelligent throughout.
It really is one of the best nu-metal albums out there, and Slipknot shows that it can experiment with it's sound without sacrificing what so many fans love about them in the first place. It shows growth and a different maturity than the previous two albums. I give it a 9.2/10.",0,0,"Aug 24, 2014"
7,"Overall, It's a pretty solid album with a ton of hits through out. Working with Rubin really helped unlock their creativity and I think it shows. Definitely a must listen to for any metal fan.",0,0,"Oct 24, 2014"
8,"Definitely good. Not as dark as previous albums, but I could still get an emotional connection with it. Definitely worth buying it. Not my first pick, but definitely not my last.",0,0,"Sep  9, 2015"
10,"For 'Vol 3: (The Subliminal Verses)', Slipknot changed their music style. They started to use ballads and more melodic metal. Some people say that this is was Slipknots first mediocre, even bad, album. I think this is their best album at this moment. The album still have it's heavy moments (such as 'The Blister Exists' and 'Before I Forget'), but also softer songs (such as 'Circle' and 'Vermilion Pt. 2'). I highly recommend this album, but if you want more like the albums 'Slipknot' or 'Iowa, prepare to be disappointed.",0,0,"Sep 16, 2015"
10,"I was surprised when i listened some of the songs from this album for the first time,i didn't expect slipknot to release songs like vermillion pt 2 and circle,but i **** loved them.
This is the band most experimental work, it sounds great, it's creative and like we're used to, it doesn't sound like anything else that the band has released. Slipknot is truly one of the best bands in metal history.",0,0,"Oct 28, 2015"
10,"Vol. 3: (The Subliminal Verses) by Slipknot. A german review.
Wahnsinn. Das dritte Werk der Maskenmnner bietet alles was die Fans sich erhofft haben.
Mehr ist dazu nicht zu sagen. Wahrscheinlich das beste Werk bis dato: 10/10",0,0,"Jan 12, 2016"
8,"The feel of this album is so scratchy. I'm not if its Corey's vocals or the guitar tones or both, but the way it was mixed makes it sound like a constant raspy voice. I think it was a really nice touch. The Blister exists and Welcome are very heavy songs, but for completely different reason for why songs like (sic) and Disasterpiece were heavy. Slipknots previous work seemed like it was told from more of a certain perspective, while songs like the blister exists feel more cinematic and mature. Not to say the first two albums weren't filled with some cinematic exposition, Vol 3 just feels like it tells a bigger story. The Virus of life kind of deviates from the rest of the album and may be one of Slipknots most underrated tracks. It's extremely fleshed out and it has the visceral vibe that the previous albums wore like a tattoo across the forehead. The Nameless is one of my all time favourite slipknot tracks (just putting that out there). duality, before i forget and vermilion also star",0,0,"Jan 23, 2016"
8,"I saw comments like 'only freaks listen to this s**t' and 'But if you tasteless goth freaks are buying it, go ahead.'... Seriously, how much Justin Bieber fans are here? The people you are calling FREAKS are METAL FANS. Saw comments like 'You can't wear crazy masks, call yourself metal, and sing girly songs!' too. If you think that the band's sound have become softer than their first two albums, please check the album 'A Thousand Suns' from Linkin Park and after their older albums to see what CHANGE remains. I maybe didn't loved this album, not because it is softer than the first two albums, but it is very good! Duality and Before I Forget are awesome songs!",0,0,"Mar 13, 2016"
9,"The best Slipknot album. The band's best songs, simply put: Duality and Vermilion are classics, and I don't think Slipknot has ever written something better than Before I Forget. Vol. 3 is more melodic than anything they've done so far, and that's a good thing, and while some of the songs don't seem to fit in too much, the overall experience is quite great. Artistically speaking I think it's their absolute peak.",0,0,"Apr 17, 2016"
9,"Vol. 3 is second only to the self-titled album as Slipknot's best release, in my opinion. If you are more happy with full-on brutal heaviness, then Iowa will be more up your alley, but for those of us with a bit more acceptance of mainstream pop and rock sounds, this is the perfect album.
Prelude 3.0 immediately sets a slower but still dark tone, although this is blown out of the water with tracks like The Blister Exists and Pulse of the Maggots later on. Where Vol. 3 really shines, though, is with its mainstream appeal. Duality, Vermilion and Before I Forget, the three main singles from the album, are three of the ALL-TIME best heavy metal songs. Period. You probably already know this.
Vol. 3 was the first Slipknot record I heard around the age of 14, and it blew the absolute hell out of every piece of my mind. Going back, and then forwards, they quickly became my favourite band on the planet. There's not much more to say about this other than to recommend that you listen to it. 100 times.",0,0,"Jul 27, 2016"
7,"'The most disappointing aspect of Probot is that many of the songs sound more like Foo Fighters turned to eleven than actual metal.' Pitchfork don't understand a thing about ROCK again. It's just a feel good metal record that DOESN'T sound like the Foo Fighters.",0,0,"May  2, 2006"
10,"I love this cd. It will be given a place on the shelf of my heart right next to Queens of the Stone Age's 'Rated R', and Nirvana's Incesticide.",0,0,"Feb 13, 2004"
10,"every fans dream...tankx dave!",0,0,"Mar 10, 2004"
9,"Thought I was in high school again. This album is the best non-Slayer real metal I have heard in years. Thanks Grohl-sch",0,0,"Mar 14, 2004"
10,"awsome just wish i knew who the hidden track was.",0,0,"Mar  2, 2004"
10,"This is amazing!",0,0,"Feb 11, 2004"
9,"So far best metal album of year with Diablo's Eternium",0,0,"Feb 12, 2004"
10,"the metal is back...finally. thank you Mr. Grohl.",0,0,"Feb 19, 2004"
8,"If for any reason you think you will like this, you will like this.",0,0,"Feb 23, 2004"
6,"hidden track artist = Jack Black of Tenacious D",0,0,"Mar 15, 2004"
9,"I don't think I've enjoyed a metal album more upon first hearing it than Probot since I first put Master of Puppets in the CD player. Grohl is amazing.",0,0,"May  6, 2004"
10,"Great Album!Brilliant!",0,0,"Feb 16, 2004"
9,"Grohl attacks this CD with menace. The guest vocalists sound happy (if that can be used accurately) and at home. Top notch stuff. Highly recommended.",0,0,"Feb 17, 2004"
8,"If nothing else, maybe this will get people to buy Sepultura's 'Chaos A.D.', Napalm Death and some Celtic Frost and forget that nu-metal ever happened. But it makes me wonder if Dave has plans to release another '80s-inspired album with Morrissey, Robert Smith, Kevin Shields, Ian McCulloch, Michael Stipe, J. Mascis, the Reid brothers, Thurston Moore, Ian Brown, and David Gahan. Now, wouldn't that be interesting?",0,0,"Feb 19, 2004"
10,"HELL YEAH !!!",0,0,"Feb 19, 2004"
10,"My favorite Metal Album, it rocks!",0,0,"Apr 15, 2007"
9,"This is the sound the band has been searching for since releasing Fungus Amungus. Incubus always has released great CDs, but there lurked awkward moments within those CDs that showed the band hadn't reached its creative peak. Whle this CD doesn't sound as good as Make Yourself, its stronger musically and shows the evolution of the band.",1,1,"Sep 22, 2006"
8,"Really great album, not as great as science or morning view though. Megalomanic, ACLOTM, agoraphobia, talk shows on mute, sick sad little world are all very good songs, unfortunately between numbers 7 and 11 there are few dissappointments, like pistola and priceless. The last few songs are once again awesome, I love made for tv movie, here in my room and leech... Overall good album, especially because they had already made 4 albums and just keep on managing to create a complete different sound on every album.",1,1,"May 27, 2007"
9,"Wait...I'm sure I just read that they're becoming another Linkin Park name ONE song that sounds like Linkin Park on the album, and if you can, then that means you are lying. Mike Einziger has a completely different style of playing guitar, Jose Pasillas is a better drummer and Ben Kenney is a better bassist. and Brandon Boyd can sing better. Talk Shows On Mute, Here In My Room, Zee Deveel, Made For TV Movie, Southern Girl, Beware! Criminal...every song is completely different to anything in the Linkin Park collection. 'Tuneless, tortuously knotty prog-metal' also being a completely false statement.",1,1,"Sep 21, 2007"
9,"These reviews genuinely make me angry. 'Too much of the disc is filtered through clinical and slightly jazzy rock that renders it a tiny noise about nothing.'? Since when did E! have any real legitimacy anyway? A baseless insult like 'tuneless' is just infuriating to me. This album shows how beautiful a rock band can sound when they're willing to embrace jazz and experimentation. If there's any mediocrity it takes place in the writing of these reviewers.",1,1,"Jul 26, 2009"
9,"Ill album, they had better stuff, but still an ill album",1,1,"Jul 25, 2006"
10,"I really liked this album, very unique and colorful subjects. I wish all alternative music could be more like this! I can't believe that people are hating on this album!",1,1,"Oct 12, 2010"
10,"The most mature song writing out of any of their albums. Catchy and listenable while still completely new and interesting. Guitarist Mike Eizeninger's best playing is featured on this record as well as a great introduction to their new bassist.",1,1,"Apr 24, 2011"
3,"What in the hell were they thinking. Nothing is fresh on this album, its like listening to a(really bad) blend of morning view with Make Your Self thrown in. I gave it 3 stars for one of the best looking album covers i have ever seen. Other than that they really have to grow as musicians, The old bassist was not that good anyway. How far can you push Emo- rock, cuz thats what incubus has turned into over the last 3 cds. There work on this album represents nothing at all,(tired Guitar, lame Bass work, and just plan and simple annoying lyrics). The only one who's doing there job is the drummer.(which i thought did a good job). Incubus has to stop trying to recreate albums, cuz sooner or later there gonna turn into Linkin Park, and there much more talented to go down that road. o",0,1,"Aug  7, 2004"
2,"no jesus, no elvis either..just sucks",0,0,"Feb 22, 2004"
10,"Whoever doesn't like this album, deserves to be burnt with a cigarette.",0,0,"Feb 20, 2004"
8,"Einziger's guitar work can be compared to Hendrix or Tom Morello on this album. Boyd's lyrics are more politically charged, reflecting a highly politicized era. Crow shows definite maturation. They have clearly found their footing in the ground they first began to stake out on Make Yourself. However, in my opinion, this album still falls short of their 1997 classic S.C.I.E.N.C.E.",0,0,"Feb 23, 2004"
10,"the fact of the matter is yes its different from all their other albums but thats the great thing about incubus they reinvent themselves on every album and a crow left of the murder is a nother perfect album my the band",0,0,"May  5, 2006"
10,"Once again, Incubus have managed to drastically change up their style and sound, and the outcome is fantastic. Though not as experimental as Morning View, the music here is blistering, energetic, and most of all, raw--the guitar and percussion, especially, shine through more than ever before, playing off each other across superb solos on tracks such as 'Sick Sad Little World' and 'Priceless,' that will have you wondering where Einziger and Pasillas have been hidng all of this time. This is Incubus, at long last, doing rock n' roll--and it sounds awesome.",0,0,"Oct 12, 2004"
9,"This is a great album. Talk shows is a brilliant song.",0,0,"Dec 25, 2004"
10,"this is a genius album listen to mike and brandon",0,0,"Feb 14, 2004"
7,"A Crow Left of the Murder is a challenging listen even for the most hardcore Incubus fans. The band began a slight departure from their overly crowded genre with 2001's Morning View and, they continue down this path on their 5th LP. Unfortunately, artistic integrity doesn't exactly equal commercial success (the singles just aren't there). However, if given a chance, A Crow Left of the Murder revials some amazing material. It is certainly the most intriguing alt-metal album I've heard in years... and that says a lot.",0,0,"Feb 16, 2004"
10,"CRAZY GOOD...best Incubus album yet.",0,0,"Feb  5, 2004"
10,"If your a fan of incubus or ever have been in the past u should pick this cd up. 'Make Yourself' was my previous favorite, but i'm thinking this one is even better. They rock out more than in 'Morning View' Plus with the new bassist, they harmonize in some songs and its definitly a good change of pace. the guitar solo's are sweet, especially in 'Sick Sad Little World' Oh the limited edition with the dvd is a great added bonus too. Its got them in concert, and some funny behind the scenes action. over 26 minutes of extras. Buy this CD now if u havent already",0,0,"Feb  6, 2004"
0,"utter shit",0,0,"Feb  9, 2004"
10,"i love it its incubus and incubus is incubus to me",0,0,"Feb  9, 2004"
9,"better than morning view and different than most rock albums out there.",0,0,"Feb  9, 2004"
9,"great album,",0,0,"Feb  9, 2004"
9,"This is certainly different than the other albums released, but that has become a standard for incubus hasn't it. I think any person is disappointed at first listen, but once you go through it a few times (which I have tonight) you start to enjoy this album. Give it a chance, don't throw it out in the trash after the first listen. People thought Brand New's Deja Entendu was terrible at first listen but now it's considered the best album of 2003 by many.",0,0,"Feb  9, 2004"
10,"Everything I've come to enjoy from Incubus with some twists.",0,0,"Feb  9, 2004"
8,"After 2 listens this cd is very strong. Several tracks stand out. Another strong performance from Incubus.",0,0,"Feb  9, 2004"
10,"This was a great album. Talk show on mute is great. It made me wanna read the book 1984, which brandon refers to(it's a good book) It's still on repeat in my cd player, this album wasn't as good as Make Yourself though, which dserves a 10.5(near perfection)",0,0,"May 20, 2004"
7,"once again incubus has shown us thier lyrical genious. but im dissapointed in this album only because it seems like they could have done much better allaround except in the lyric department.",0,0,"Jan 17, 2005"
10,"I really liked it but it just takes while to until you understand that you do!",0,0,"Jan  3, 2006"
7,"As soon as I listened to this record, I realized that the band was going to take it up the ass from both critics and fans on this album...the band's promise to return to the SCIENCE sound would no doubt dissapoint old fans b/c there's not a funk slap or scream to be found the entire 50 minutes, the droves of new pop fans who were expecting Morning View 2 would obviously be scared off by the art rock tendencies, and after two records pandering to the mainstream, critics won't even give their newest a chance before tearing it to pieces. And of course the whole problem lies in the fact that they've actually put out a good record. I would say their best. People look at SCIENCE fondly through the haze of nostalgia, but when it comes down to it, it's was basically a bunch of bad white boy rap with some funk slap bass thrown in. Now they've become a streamlined alt rock group, keeping things punchy and hooky without reverting to faux angst or sappy ballads. Almost. Lyrically, it's still pretty clunky, and there are a few throwaway soft numbers, but there is a grace in the band's playing, especially the guitarist's, lacking on previous releases. I figured this record would be more of the same suckiness I'd come to expect from the band, but just a different spin when the guitarist was talking about the classic rock influences on this album, causing me to picture bloated and stangnant songs, as drawn out as they were aimless. But he doesn't dwell on any one idea too long, even the spacier elements never lasting more than a few minutes. All in all, it's a matter of opinion I guess. I never liked Incubus's attempts at funk and pop, so I didn't really like any of their stuff up until now. So it's understandable that their fans would be dissapointed if they want more of that. But for me, it's a refreshing new change for the band, and they sound as inspired as ever. Also, there's no shitty DJ scratching which is a huge plus.",0,0,"Feb 11, 2004"
9,"Innovative and well written. I breath of fresh air when compared to all of the shit that litters the airwaves nowadays. Thank you incubus!",0,0,"Feb 15, 2004"
10,"masterpiece",0,0,"Feb 15, 2004"
9,"People arnt going to like this album if they didnt enjoy all of their other cd's. THis album consists of the four of them and some soundboards put together, with a jammed out pimus/beatles/metal fibe. It took me awhile to enjoy makeyourself and Morning view. Science and enjoy were always good times. I came around and now i think crow is a better direction, perhaps to late.",0,0,"Feb 16, 2004"
10,"Amazing... Need I say more?",0,0,"Feb 16, 2004"
1,"i thought it was pants! waste of money",0,0,"Feb 16, 2004"
8,"on first listening to this, i thought... mmm this is nowhere near as innovative and fresh as their previous 2 albums, but as i love their previous albums so much, i decided to perservere, and had it on repeat for the whole night, and it is definatly growing on me (and thenk fucck its not the darkness) but still morning view has it for me, aqueous transmission, that is just GENIOUS, do u feel me?",0,0,"Feb 22, 2004"
10,"incubus rocks",0,0,"Feb 25, 2004"
10,"This CD is by far their best album. All the people who reviewed this album are not true Incubus fans.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2004"
3,"This one is poor, just like Morning View. S.C.I.E.N.C.E. was quite neat, but it's been on a downhill since then",0,0,"Feb  5, 2004"
10,"CRAZY GOOD...best Incubus album yet.",0,0,"Feb  5, 2004"
9,"This is Incubus' best album yet. It's lyrics are more meaningful and clever. It's music is more developed and complex. Brandon Boyd's voice has never sounded better, nor has Mike Einziger's guitar. It may be less accessible and less radio-friendly, but given a few listens this album can really hit you hard as Incubus discover a new sound and experiment with prog-rock, jazz and a bit of electronica.",0,0,"Feb  8, 2004"
6,"I'm all for experimntation, but they have seem to have gone downhill since Make Yourself. The whole CD I was hoping for that good, old, funk groove that made Incubus a great band in the past. There was nothing to rock out to except, MAYBE, Megalomaniac. Not what I hoped for.",0,0,"Feb  9, 2004"
7,"The only reason 3 points were lost from my vote is because of the bassist switch. Even IF Ben Kenney was a REAL bassist and didn't use a PIC while playing BASS GUITAR, he's still nowhere CLOSE as tight in his rythms as Dirk was. Dirk was flawless. He was my inspiration to really begin to play bass, and also to try Warwick basses (Warwicks and Ken Smith basses kill all other brands... ESPECIALLY FENDER!). Ben Kenney needs to stop being the 'second guitarist' of the band... because Incubus needs a bassist! Everyone else in the band are still AMAZING! I still adore Incubus and they will always be my favorite band... because of their old music. Also... don't even think I'm not a real Incubus fan! I've probably been a fan before most of you even heard the band's name (usually people say they heard of them around Make Yourself)! I love Incubus and I KNOW bass guitar! Ben Kenney is a guitarist... not a bassist! Brandon Boyd is amazing! Mikey was already awesome and got even better! Jose... flawless! DJ... even though he seems less existent on this album, we all know he's still back there kicking ass! Dirk... we miss you!",0,0,"Apr  7, 2004"
6,"oh man, noooooo!!! only 3 songs for me on this album, the 1st one, pistola, and talk shows. bonus points for experimentation though. i wish they can get it back on the next album",0,0,"Jun 22, 2004"
10,"speechless. (in a stunned that was fucking killer way)",0,0,"Aug 19, 2004"
1,"ive been listening to incubus for 8 years now and i love everything theyve done but i dont feel like this is a good album at all. ill admit i do like some of the songs on it but i can honestly say this is the only incubus album i dont know evey word of which is strange because im a huge fan. i try and support everything incubus does so i did buy the album but i dont really like the new sound. i guess once your used to a certain sound for so long you just dont like change.",0,0,"Sep 20, 2004"
8,"imo, easily their best cd. sick sad little world, southern girl, agoraphobia, all must downloads.",0,0,"Oct  4, 2005"
9,"Not as amazing as morning view or make yourself though still excellent. The last 5 tracks are 5 of the best as well as sick sad little world",0,0,"Apr 18, 2005"
5,"A Far cry from Morning view and SCIENCE... but still OKAY. Megalomaniac is horrific, and gives you a sense on how the rest of the album is going to be. I don't know, I think that they shouldn't have taken out Dirk. Talk shows sounds a little more like Incubus and is magnificent, but it leaves you wanting more... And after the next song starts, you think oh, here we again. Just a lot of cumulative screaming to me. They are turning into another Linkin Park, I'm afraid...",0,0,"Jan 23, 2006"
10,"Its Incubus, need I say more.",0,0,"Jul  2, 2006"
2,"This album was a real let down, I give it a 2 because there are two songs I would listen to more than once. It's obvious they know how to rock, but this sissy crap has to go.",0,0,"Dec 10, 2004"
10,"this is my favorite incubus album or atleast tied for first. Like they do for every cd, they completely changed it up yet retain an unbeleivable sound. I am in love with this cd. It's nothing like you've ever heard, but its still incubus.",0,0,"Feb 11, 2004"
10,"Incubus has always been able to find a new way to express themselves with each album, this being even more explorational and creative than ever",0,0,"Feb 12, 2004"
6,"Not horrible, but not great by any means. The first time I listened through the cd, I was very disappointed. But, after a couple of forced listenings, I started to enjoy it a lot more. It's a departure from anything they've done previously. I think there are some similarities to 'Morning View'...I don't know, something about this album just doesn't click with me. It's okay.",0,0,"Feb 12, 2004"
9,"Incubus is the greatest modern rock band with their various fusions of great music stylings. Crow Left of the Murder is a masterpiece in the part of Incubus. I'm pleased of their departure of the Morning View sound to something fresh, experimental, exploratory, different...and great! Of course with Incubus, that's always dependable with every passing record. Listen to Incubus..",0,0,"Feb 13, 2004"
6,"If you like bad music you'll love this album. Trite, backless lyrics. And a bad singer to sing them. Production sounds great but it all falls apart when you put a bad singer over good a good band.",0,0,"Feb 14, 2004"
10,"i really liked this cd i never really heard anything like it it seems much differnt then other things that i'v heard from then and i really like the song 'sick sad little world'",0,0,"Feb 14, 2004"
10,"it was awesome but Make Yourself was way better",0,0,"Feb 17, 2004"
5,"Here in my room is alright, Megalomaniac is alright, and Smile Lines is contagiously catchy. But this CD comes nowhere near their others.",0,0,"Feb 19, 2004"
5,"A passable CD if you're already an Incubus fan - but if you're aren't, nothing stands out or grabs your attention. After hearing a few tracks, they all blend into one, long, sleepy sounding blur... great vocals but nothing special.",0,0,"Feb 23, 2004"
10,"This album is awesome. Brandon Boyd is very musically talented, and he shows it off on this album. Crow is a must-buy.",0,0,"Feb 24, 2004"
8,"Incubus does a great job of experiementing and creating new styles of music on this album, and I respect them for that. I am a big fan of their Make Yourself album though and would prefer to hear more of that sound. The single Megalomaniac is an awesome in-your-face barrage of rock and power, awesome way to start the album. It leads into another hyper rock track (my favorite song off the album) ACLOTM. Talk Shows on Mute is a great laid back tune, showing the versatility and creativity of Boyd's lyrical skills (refering to Orwell's 1984). Many and awesome guitar skills found throughout the album (TSOM, SSLW, PISTOLA, Priceless). Pistola is another barrage of funk and hyper rock. My other fav. track is Here In my room, Mikey plays piano in this one. Boyd's lyrics and vocals are probably the most dynamic they've ever been on this record, Dj Kilmore and Jose continue to explore new rhythmic boundaries, Mike E really shines and shows why he's one of the top guitarists of his time and new bassist Ben Kenney brings funk and fun to the new Incubus. All in all, Incubus is definitely getting my props for experiementing new musical territory, all while definitely continuing to evolve as a collective whole.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2004"
10,"Best f**king album ever. Brandon Boyd is HOT",0,0,"Dec 28, 2005"
5,"Really an uneven album from a band that we've grown a custom to making consistently great rock songs. It is nice, however, to see a departure from the sound they're comfortable with.",0,0,"Sep 20, 2011"
7,"Have to admit, was just looking around, saw this CD for a great price and picked it up. Had no expectations, but wow. Great album, not Make Yourself but I would put in the Incubus top 3. Sick Sad Little World could be their best song ever?",0,0,"Dec 23, 2011"
8,"While not career defining or genre defining, this album easily represents Incubus in their purest, though perhaps not most enjoyable, form. A wonderful piece that only fails to deliver once or twice, and is overall a great listen.",0,0,"Sep 17, 2013"
10,"i've listened to every track on this album about 40 times. its awesome!",1,1,"Mar 29, 2007"
10,"Wicked album. Every song on the album is a stormer. An album u can put on repeat and listen to all day.",1,1,"Sep  9, 2007"
10,"Masterpiece. A great opener sets you off on a journey of 13 absolute classics. The kind of album where every song is great and it is only a shame that they never managed to release more, from what I am calling, the best Lostprophets album to date. Songs like 'A Million Miles' and 'Burn Burn' make this album a true masterpiece.",1,1,"Aug 27, 2010"
5,"I loved their last album, and listened to my import of it obsessively before it came out in the states - that was a great disc. This album is catchy and easy to listen to, but it doesn't excite me like their last one did. Don't get me wrong, if you enjoy the lostprophets, and aren't looking for something overly creative - this is a great catchy album. But it doesn't have any hints of creativity or inspiration like their debut had.",0,1,"May 28, 2006"
9,"This CD is great. They are a more talented band than linkin Park could ever hope to be. Lost Prophets have better vocals and better musical talent. 'We Still kill The Old Way' and 'Last Train Home' are excellent and only the tip of the iceberg here. Great stuff.",0,0,"Feb 11, 2004"
10,"your band is asome i like number 9 start someting",0,0,"Sep 30, 2006"
10,"Awesome especially the song wake up!",0,0,"Oct  5, 2004"
10,"they are one of the greatest bands i've heard, and this cd rocks like hell.",0,0,"Feb  6, 2004"
8,"good cd. better then their 1ST. yep. start something. ok. i did.",0,0,"Feb  6, 2004"
8,"good album. nothing new, nothing we havent heard before... but astonishly a well put together album! what i like about this album is how different each song is from the others. sometimes metal, sometimes rock and sometimes pop... 'start something' will be in my cd player for a long time!",0,0,"Mar 12, 2004"
10,"Mad album, very very good.",0,0,"Mar 25, 2004"
10,"This is one freakin awesome CD!!! definantly much better than their first... espically the song 'Last Train Home'... awesome stuff",0,0,"Mar  6, 2004"
10,"i loved this album i think its the best album this year lostprophets rock",0,0,"Apr  1, 2004"
9,"Im surprised I dint find these guys earlier, a fresh taste of rock and very energetic, a great cd and hopefully even better things to come.",0,0,"May  4, 2004"
10,"this album is one of few that i can listen to with out thinking of skiping to the next song.",0,0,"Aug 20, 2004"
9,"you rock guys! i love the song 'Ride'causes me riding very high speed. i'm waiting your next album 2 release,",0,0,"Sep 18, 2004"
10,"This kicks arse. I've listened to this pretty much non-stop since it first came out. If you don't have this you need it.",0,0,"Mar  5, 2005"
10,"kicks ass!",0,0,"Oct  9, 2004"
10,"absolutely brilliant",0,0,"Apr 26, 2004"
10,"Best cd i've heard in a long time.",0,0,"Jun 21, 2004"
10,"Awsome band and an awsome CD. I love Last Train Home. That song rules.",0,0,"Sep  8, 2004"
10,"amazing album, every song on there is excellant, not one song i hate",0,0,"Jan 26, 2005"
10,"A great album, great to get you pumped, really a charged album, much better than their new release",0,0,"Nov 10, 2006"
10,"Ever since my friend told me about the Lostprophets and put this album on my iPod, i've been in love with them (even though the other albums are the greatest in the world and ofter come with only 2-3 songs worth listening to.)",0,0,"Feb  6, 2007"
10,"This album is simply amazing, the melodic riffs by mike and lee are awesome! mint album!",0,0,"Jul 20, 2007"
10,"This album is the greatest nu-metal one i've heard for a long long time... Fresh, energetic and definitively sounding like hell !",0,0,"Feb 13, 2004"
6,"Pitchshifter did this all much better and didn't come off as a Faith No More clone.",0,0,"Feb 19, 2004"
10,"this CD is fucking amazing, as is the band who made it...great album...I'd recommend it --- Vinny",0,0,"Jan 29, 2005"
10,"Hypnotic, beautiful, creepy, sad and funny, with some of the strangest asymmetrical time-signatures I've ever heard. It's fine to like or dislike this album, but if you try to fault the brilliant composition or musicianship, you are just lamely trying to justify a bias and most likely have no REAL idea why you dislike it in the first place. You know who you are.",0,0,"Mar  1, 2004"
10,"Great, great album. Listen to it at elast twice (closely, either at a high volume or on headphones) before forming a judgement. I have listened to it about twenty times now, all the way through, and I'm still hearing new things in it. Well worth the wait and the money and the jittery nerves one gets after listening to DC twenty times or more.",0,0,"Feb 14, 2004"
6,"Completely unnecessary and indulgent but at times hits the mark of a soundtrack to surgical, nightmarish madness.",0,0,"Feb 15, 2004"
10,"One gets the sense that there's a frustrated filmmaker hiding somewhere in Mike Patton. One theme which seems to unite his recordings is a love for film whether it be the perverse film score interpretations of Fantomas' 'Director's Cut,' samples of David Lynch's BLUE VELVET with Mr. Bungle or the Nino Rota-inspired riffing of his John Kaada collaboration, 'Romances.' Whether or not he'll ever take a break from relentless recording and touring to step behind the camera is something that only he could tell you, but with 'Delerium Cordia,' Mr. Patton has created a concept album which almost passes for a cinematic experience. It's even confined to only one cd track which is suspiciously similar to David Lynch's preference to release his films on dvd without breaking them into seperate chapters. 'Delerium Cordia' is a mood piece which seems intended to invoke the mind trip that a seriously maimed patient would endure while undergoing surgery to save his or her life (peruse the gory cd packaging for further details). What results is an ambient soundscape which is visually evocative. It's like the score to a grim silent movie. The rest of the band should not be shortchanged here either. King Buzzo, Dave Lombardo and espcially Trevor Dunn (whose recent release, Trever Dunn Trio Convulsant, 'Sister Phantom Owl Fish' is similarly mesmerizing and a bit more listenable) turn in some of the most subtle and baroque music of their respective careers. As chief composer, this is Patton's baby and it shows a startling evolution from that kooky kid that most of us first saw bouncing around in those first Faith No More videos. Patton may still radiate a bad attitude in interviews, furthering the suspicions of his worst critics that his releases are no more than mean-spirited pranks on credulous listeners, but the music speaks for itself. With 'Delerium Cordia,' Mike Patton shows not only an ambitious artistic vision, but he and his band mates display undeniable talent in pulling it off.",0,0,"Jan 30, 2005"
10,"Great album.",0,0,"Jul 25, 2005"
9,"amazing, thought inspiring, frightening, atmospheric, pretentious. if you have the time for it, delirium cordia will be appreciated.",0,0,"Aug 25, 2006"
9,"I'm judging this on what I've listened to thus far. i have just bought it off emusic and i have 40 minutes left. basically, nothing has ever been so thought provoking. it's madness. everything from the eerie noises to the random 2 minute jams just blends and fits perfectly to make one amazing creative piece of madness that i'm pretty sure I'll be in no hurry to forget. note: if you are ignorant, opinionated and impatient, don't buy this.",0,0,"Aug 30, 2009"
9,"Yeah, Q and the Alternative Press are such fantastically in-touch, forward-thinking magazines so I'd really pay attention to what they have to say. Oh man, Thursday (AP) and The Coral (Q) are SOOO incredible. Whatever. This is not an easy album to listen to, but that doesn't mean that it isn't brilliant. If you like your John Zorn, world music, death metal, and ambient Aphex Twin mixed together, then you will love this. Listen to it on headphones.",0,0,"Feb 19, 2004"
8,"Very frightening, very puzzling, and very, very good.",0,0,"Feb 23, 2004"
3,"That album is crap. Fantomas is one of Mike's worst projects, noly some bits of Director's Cut were good",0,0,"Feb 28, 2004"
6,"If you're thinking of buying this CD, you already know whether you'll like it or not. Fantomas fans will like it, others should steer clear. I for one think it kicks ass, but then again, I am a fan of weird music. If you don't like the idea of music scaring you or making you feel strange, don't listen to this.",0,0,"Mar  7, 2004"
10,"a masterpiece of original and outrageous music , just the opeminded persons can hold up thsi music",0,0,"Dec 24, 2005"
8,"good stuff, just wish it was a little more packed with stuff, a bit too much there with not a lot going on.",0,0,"Mar  3, 2005"
10,"Just as effective as a horror film for building up suspense and great music too. Also great for getting people to leave your house after a party (worked for me anyway)",0,0,"Oct 24, 2006"
8,"Fantomas delivers holy liberation in the form of medical malpractice- In fiery bursts of stop, drop 'n' roll mentality. This release takes some getting used to. Lovers of the first Fantomas album will dig it, fools who loved Director's Cut only will not. I, personally, like it very much, but found some parts to be not as interesting as others- But who am I to be critical? This is the world of Fantomas and Patton makes the rules! The doctor is in the building.",0,0,"May 22, 2004"
9,"To me, this album gets a 9 not because it sounds good, not because i find myself wanting to listen to it over and over, not because it made me feel good; it gets a 9 because it set out to do something, and i'll be damned if it didnt do it. the album is like listening to a wretchedly beautiful painting for over an hour, with each detail of the picture oozing through every moment. it is music for a different reason than all the profit-driven, 3-minute-song-or-bust, major-key-with-no-more-than-4-chords, pop crap music is made for. that reason is simply to set an artistic mood, to paint a soundscape, to get in your brain the way no other music has before. delirium cordia is outrageous, and it suprises, amuses, and pleases me that it has an 8.5 rating. im glad other people can still appreciate art, whether it is convenient or not, comfortable or not, easy or not.",0,0,"Nov 23, 2006"
10,"Bought the album on a whim, the idea seemed clever and avant-garde enough to warrant a listen, and for the entire duration i was entranced. The sudden bursts of delirious distortion contrasting with the great uses of silence within the piece not only entertained me, but actually left me listening intently for the entire 22 minute near silent area of the song. An album that contains only one 74 minute song that manages to impress and entertain for the entire time... Mike Patton is definitely on the right path of musicianship.",0,0,"Apr 21, 2007"
7,"Different in a good way.",0,0,"Jan 11, 2008"
7,"An unfairly criticised effort from the nu-metal piece: TALITM reaffirms the faded fact that the genre can still sound as heavy as anything and keep enough groove to maintain its fans. 'Counting on Me', 'Break Some Off' and 'Right Now' are fantastic brutal tracks that prevent angry youthfulness from leaving the band.",1,1,"Feb 20, 2012"
10,"Underated Album, KoRn Rules, 'Right Now' Is The Best Of The Band, Maybe The Most Brutal Album Ever Made By KoRn m/ Hell Yeah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",1,1,"Nov  8, 2014"
10,"omg, it's amazing....great job !!",2,3,"Jun 24, 2007"
3,"It's not because im a slipknot fan but this album really sucks... There's a lot of basslines idd but some songs are just based on one bassline that doenst change and that gets me bored. They should do something with their instruments",0,1,"Apr  8, 2005"
5,"not their best album...but it's alright...their best will always be the fisrt album they made:Korn and to you 'agg agg' no korn does not suck and neither does this record ... you should consider listening to the album you're rating before submitting ill-conceived asinine coments about a band you've never heard, ass clown.",0,1,"Dec 29, 2003"
2,"it's not that korn sucks, the guitars are really good. it's just that jonathan davis needs to get over himself and write better lyrics. and fieldy sucks at bass too. stop slapping and crying, this is strike two. one more bad one and they'll be done.",0,1,"Dec 31, 2003"
0,"i havent heard it but korn sucks ass!",0,1,"Dec 14, 2003"
5,"Pretty poor album from Korn, doesnt get anywhere near the darkness of Issues or the groove of Follow The Leader",0,1,"Nov 17, 2007"
7,"Not nearly as masterful as ?Issues?, but Korn fans (and only Korn fans) will like it.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2004"
10,"Well, anyway, this a really nice disk. John D. is such a cutey! I really like how they have guitars in this, (I think there are a lot of notes too). So if you want to hear a rockin' cd, plus good lyrics, the world sucks right on!",0,0,"Jan 26, 2004"
10,"this is a bad ass cd. if you are a huge Korn fan like i am, reviews like new music express have do not mean shit",0,0,"Jan  4, 2004"
8,"it's a great album, I buyed it today and I already love it!!!!!",0,0,"May  7, 2004"
10,"it kicks ass! all other bands shud put their albums away, take a look in the mirror puts them all to shame!",0,0,"Jul  4, 2004"
9,"This album is perfect, because the band created their fully existence of music to the publics.",0,0,"Dec 20, 2003"
10,"awesome Cd maybe the best one yet, expressive lyrics",0,0,"Jan 10, 2004"
0,"i only give it a 0 because there are no lower ratings you can give. i haven't heard it either and i hope i never do. i can't believe they're taken seriously as a band.",0,0,"Jan  1, 2004"
10,"This album is the best if u hvnt heard it then dont r8 it korn r the best evr and they always will b .I highly recomend this 2 any one",0,0,"Jan 13, 2004"
8,"When I first listened to it, it seemed their second worst album after 'Life is Peachy' for me. But when I listened to it more, I became to like it more too. My favourite songs for this album are Counting on me, One, Did my time, Alive. Though I still think that this is Korn's second worst album, in comparacent to other bands albums I like it a lot and I rate it with 8.",0,0,"Jan 10, 2004"
8,"Great new CD of KoRn. A must have for people who like the new works of this kick ass band. I feel like Jon is holding back sometimes in his vocals so no 10 but the cd rules!!!",0,0,"Jan  5, 2004"
9,"I think this CD is sooo fucking cool... i even bought it for my g/f and she fucking likes it.... to the guy who hasn't heard the CD u should suck ur own cock!!!",0,0,"Jan  7, 2004"
10,"This cd is the shit!! hee haww for korn.Fuck all that rap ,and gay high school rock shit(good charlotte,and that gay ass glory? band,) and papa roach fucken sucks too. amen to KoRn",0,0,"Feb 18, 2004"
9,"Why rate it lower?",0,0,"Feb  4, 2004"
9,"Strong, violent and yet beautiful. Great therapy.",0,0,"Mar  9, 2004"
10,"this album kicks ass. One of my favorites since follow the leader. to bad it is only my friends cd. i want to damn that kid to hell. KORN WILL LIVE FOREVER.",0,0,"Jun  2, 2004"
9,"Screw the magazine critics - this album is great. Heavy as hell with unreal basslines. Keep it up Korn!",0,0,"Jul 12, 2004"
10,"Fuck all those who oppose KoRn! This has gotta be the best cd yet! KoRn are the Gods of rock......keep it up, HELL YEAH!",0,0,"Jul 20, 2004"
9,"v good album back to basics for korn but i do agree wat G R said that jon davis tends to be screamin more on this album were the haunitin tone usally in his voice would have been better off. i think anyway",0,0,"Feb 15, 2005"
6,"hmm this album it's..alright. some of you say its their 'best album yet' which somewhat concerns me because if this is their 'best album' then god, the others before must be shit. but their other albums are awesome so yeah. see, im not dissing KoRn 'cause im a fan. i just think that 'Take a Look In the Mirror' could have been better then it was. Also they DO have good songs on this album but besides that, a lot of the songs sound pretty much the same. & 'm4gg0t for life' i dont see what being a fan of Slipknot would taint your view on KoRn. cause im also a Slipknot fan and i still think KoRn's awesome",0,0,"Jun 11, 2005"
10,"if u lyk metal, and i mean hevy metal, dis is da album 4 u. 4 me fanty i luv suf dat. 'Did My Time' roks my world if u dont lyk it i wil eat ur kids!",0,0,"Jul  5, 2005"
10,"No comment needed, just sick and tired of hearing Korn and genre in the same sentence.",0,0,"May 21, 2006"
0,"Korn did a horrible job on this album, it sounds like a dieing cat on steriods. korn is much more capable of making better music. they are a disgrace",0,0,"Sep 20, 2006"
10,"so...by the time you listen to this record, you'll be able to 'rate' korn, dumb ass.",0,0,"Dec 22, 2003"
10,"Why people who vote 0's for something they haven't listened to makes no sense. I actually own the CD, and I like it!",0,0,"Dec 30, 2003"
10,"This Cd is awesome jonathan's voice clearly expresses his emotions as do his lyrics,unique bass if you ever hear a song with the slapping bass sound you automatically know this is Korn This is a serious band with serious lyrics they are awesome with unique beats and guitars.",0,0,"Jan 10, 2004"
9,"This cd KICKS ASS. Korn went back to their roots and made a awesome album. I didnt expect this album to be soo good but it blew me away. The whole cd ALL 13tracks are good. Includin da bonus 1",0,0,"Jan  1, 2004"
10,"I think that this is the best Korn album to date. Anyone that says that they have heard all of this before hasn't listened to what Jonathan is saying. Excellent work from the boys from Bakersfield.",0,0,"Jan 14, 2004"
10,"This and follow the leader are their best CDS! this CD kicks ass!!!!! i would definetly recommend this! my favorite song on this cd is alive and my other favorites would be right now, did my time, play me, when will this end, counting on me, deep inside! and critics are idiots! giving this cd 51 and untouchables 77? this should be getting much higher than untouchables because this is MUCH better than untouchables!!!",0,0,"Jan 17, 2004"
8,"this is awesome album. korn is one of the greatest bands ever. their music drives people crazy even in the eastern europe. i gave an 8 because i think it's not their best album. but anyway... korn rules!!!",0,0,"Jan 21, 2004"
10,"Great CD! I listened to it for a long time. I'm still not tired of it. Anyone with a problem about this CD isn't a KoRn fan.",0,0,"Jan  4, 2004"
10,"this is their second best cd surpassed only by their first self titled 1st album. but returning to their roots was defenatly a good choice for Kon. way to go. me and agg agg can burn in hell. yay.",0,0,"Feb 20, 2004"
7,"Could you please add Logo mag's review of that CD as you do in other cases? I'm beginning to think that the choice of reviews isn't objective here",0,0,"Feb 22, 2004"
8,"This album really pulls all KoRn's CD's togther. If I saw KoRn I would really give them a thumbs for this CD. Great Job KoRn!",0,0,"Feb  6, 2004"
7,"The Best Album From KoRn",0,0,"Nov  9, 2005"
10,"First KoRn album I ever heard, and personally my favorite. I'm not saying the best, just my favorite. Songs like Counting On Me really dig deep inside.",0,0,"Feb 23, 2006"
10,"this was korn going back to there roots a dark raw sound that has not been heard since LIFE IS PEACHY... thanx guys thanx for everything",0,0,"Feb 21, 2007"
10,"korn kicks ass and johnatan davis is hot. but thats just my opinion. ;p",0,0,"Dec 23, 2003"
8,"not too bad overall a little bit wingy but keeping alive th old korn in them very mature in their vocal and instrumental overall a very good album",0,0,"Nov 16, 2004"
10,"It is the very best album that KoRn have ever made! it has heavy sounds and really ass kicking lyrics! they`r heavy than ever! Hail 2 KoRn !!!!! m/",0,0,"Jan 27, 2004"
9,"ok definately a great cd, whole lot better than any other metal bands out there. korn has come back with there heaviest cd to date and some of their most energetic songs. a must have for all korn fans and metal fans alike.",0,0,"Jan 28, 2004"
10,"this is one of the best albums produced by korn they are the best",0,0,"May 22, 2004"
10,"Best album ever. Whole new sound for Korn. I have listened from the beginning and this is my favorite.",0,0,"Dec 23, 2005"
10,"korn kicks ASS!!!!!",0,0,"Aug 17, 2006"
9,"I liked a good majority of songs on this alblum although I do have to admit they fell of pace with this alblum",0,0,"May 22, 2007"
9,"I love this Album and all of the Korn albums! People don't know fuck all! shut the fuck up if you wanna diss KORN!",0,0,"Dec 25, 2003"
9,"I love this Album and all of the Korn albums! People don't know fuck all! shut the fuck up if you wanna diss KORN!",0,0,"Dec 25, 2003"
8,"kinda cool they went back to the style of the first album on this 1. its good stuff. i give it an 8 because 'follow the leader' and 'untouchables' are better.",0,0,"Nov 14, 2004"
8,"I'm a die hard fan of KoRn. Of this album, sorta.. John Davis can really sing, but his voice isn't like the haunting tone it normally is. He seems to be screaming all the time, not so much as singing in his normal fashion. Other than that there's kickass guitar and Did My Time is one of their best songs they've made yet.",0,0,"Nov 29, 2004"
9,"- Back to their Roots - death metallish vocals very effective - hard hitting tracks - excellent riffs",0,0,"Dec 24, 2004"
10,"Great album - fantastic energy throughout, the most Death Metal of all Korn's releases",0,0,"Dec 29, 2005"
7,"Back to basics... that was what the approach was supposed to be for the album 'back to our heavy, aggressive roots' It does not quite reach the aim. But that doesnt mean TALITM is a bad album.Instrumentally and lyrically speaking, it does throwback to perhaps Follow The Leader, and in ways, Life is Peachy, but essentially, its a halfway album. It has all the Korn aspects we know and love. The bagpipes come out again. Jonathan does scatting. And there are pounding aggressive low end bass lines.All too recycled in this effort. But  all in all, its a solid album.",0,0,"Jul  7, 2011"
10,"i like this album .its dark ,sad, its a bit trashy and i like it. but i think that i like it because  my favorite band is nirvana ............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................",0,0,"Aug  3, 2011"
8,"Take a Look in the Mirror doesn't have the same grand sound that its predecessor Untouchables has, but what it lacks in grandness is its raw and intense sound that makes Korn a great, fearful and foreboding force in the world of the much-despised world of nu metal.",0,0,"Sep 24, 2015"
10,"I love it and shows how KoRn is heavy , it maybe the heaviest album they have or maybe its untitled but I love this album the songs are heavy and fits right in with Jonathan's vocals and you are able to hear more of Fieldy's bass it has more power.",0,0,"Aug 13, 2014"
0,"This is the best Korn album ever!!! Korn is back with a super heavy album that is by far BETTER than follow the leader, This is the best album they have ever came out with....nuf said...",0,0,"Oct 21, 2014"
7,"Undeniably good. However, to me, it feels like a lesser version of Untouchables. 'Right Now', 'Did My Time' and a few other songs are very classic Korn by now, really cool, but most of the album doesn't hold up that well anymore. It sounds aggressive and heavy, and that's great, but it lacks originality. I'd say it's a good record, it really is, but not as good as the previous 5 albums.",0,0,"Jul  6, 2016"
10,"This album is really heavy!All the songs are very good, especially Did My Time and Counting On Me! They wanted to make a heavy record and they did it.
Great job!",0,0,"Sep 13, 2015"
7,"Amazingly, P.O.D. manage to conjure up a multitude of differing melodic atmospheres that complement, rather than insult, your intelligence. Give it a shot; not revolutionary, but then that's not the point, is it?",1,1,"Nov 27, 2005"
8,"It is a cool CD but i think that they were better with the style that they brote on the satellite albun.No mater what p.o.d brings on i will always be there to soport them.GOD BLESS YOU GUYS! ROCK FOR LIFE",0,1,"Sep 13, 2004"
2,"Just the kind of horrid schlock he music world needs no more of.",0,1,"Sep 12, 2005"
10,"The best christian rock band ever. P.O.D. has been my favorite artst since thier first album with Atlantic records.Mike B. must be like a devil worshiper or something.",0,1,"Nov 20, 2006"
0,"Suck me sonny.",0,0,"Dec  1, 2003"
10,"this cd is the best ever",0,0,"Jan 10, 2004"
10,"i like revolution so much",0,0,"Jun 17, 2006"
0,"Someone just needs to make this album NOT a 10....0, son!",0,0,"Nov 22, 2003"
10,"This cd is gr8",0,0,"Nov 30, 2003"
9,"Man 1st time I heard it I though it was ok but its fully grown on me and is deffinately one of the top albums this year. Good listerning everytime something old but new. Aint gunna get bored guickly, great lyrics and style.",0,0,"Dec 14, 2003"
10,"I really like what Truby has brought to the band. 9 of 12 songs could be hit's. this CD only rates second to POD's live shows, you all should check them out..",0,0,"Dec 26, 2003"
10,"This album rocks!!!! They sound better than ever.",0,0,"Dec 31, 2003"
7,"This album is a little underrated. It takes a few listens. POD manages well with guitarist and style change. Great to hear a mainstream band experimenting and mixing it up a little.",0,0,"Jan 23, 2004"
10,"Dang, those critics are harsh, man! I rated this album a 10/10 for excessive use of creativity, an overabundance of positivity, and awesome members! Rock on, guys!",0,0,"Nov 20, 2003"
10,"awsome sheer awsome",0,0,"Nov 20, 2003"
10,"i gave them a 10 because p.o.d. rocks and my whole room is full with them and i never get tired of there music",0,0,"Dec 18, 2003"
10,"It rocks",0,0,"Dec  3, 2003"
10,"It may have a change of style than their last CD but it still is very good.",0,0,"Feb 29, 2004"
10,"iam rating this album cuz each songs has some kind of believe ness in it if you hear the sounds of this album you would feel the same way as it sounds .... like as the way you feel you are on the same place where you feel alive abotu love far away from home ,this album is FULL OF SOUNDS OF REVOLUTION",0,0,"Jan 23, 2005"
1,"I am not a 'warrior,' but Satellite almost had me converted. This was disappointing, and not because Satellite raised expectations. Gone are the roaring rap-metal anthems like 'Boom' and 'Messenjah,' to be replaced by sleepy harmonies and a playground sing-songy quality. Sonny shakes it up a bit in the first track, but after that it's all downhill. This album simply does not rock.",0,0,"Nov 24, 2003"
10,"this cd is gr8 & i'm not wit tha street cru so (bleep)(bleep)!!! this cd is by far tha best 1 that has came out period",0,0,"Dec 12, 2003"
10,"Talented, eclectic, and charismatic",1,1,"Apr 23, 2004"
10,"this cd is awesome yall! buy it its the shiznit!",1,1,"Oct 27, 2003"
0,"Oh my god, this is awful so so so bad!",0,1,"Feb  7, 2005"
0,"This CD sucks. Torture comes to m mind when i hear it!",0,1,"Sep 12, 2003"
9,"Talented...",0,0,"Aug 22, 2003"
10,"Plain and Simple....THIS CD KICKS A**",0,0,"Sep 21, 2003"
10,"I liked this cd and thought the tunes catchy and totally original",0,0,"Aug 22, 2003"
9,"Great CD, they sound even better then they did on the first album.",0,0,"Aug 20, 2003"
10,"This CD is great. where some songs had unbelievable choruses (1000 Days, Drifting Apart, These Days), others offered memorable beats that were carried through entire songs (Glow, Never Meant, Tia Lupe), and others had crazy-cool background music to accompany Mitchell's airtight singing (Sarah Wynn, Goodbye, Rubber Mallet, SS Recognize). And then, as a testament to all that has happened to the band, they finish off with the powerful 'Hope.' Not only does this CD give ANThology a run for its money, but it sets the bar for just about every alt metal band out there.",0,0,"Aug 23, 2003"
10,"This album rocks! And the song Glow or Rubber Mallet it's just wonderfull!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Sep 21, 2003"
10,"I agree with Phillip G... I wasn't much intrigued by AAF from their first album, but I purchased this one b/c I thought These Days was such a catchy tune. I was not disappointed... I enjoy every single song on this album, and that rarely happens with me. Each song has it's own catchiness to it, musically, and I think Dryden Mitchell has a great, clear voice. These guys are talented, and definitely display a great amount of versatility here. Kudos are also in order for the DeLeo Bros, whose influence is pretty obvious in alot of these tracks.",0,0,"Sep  9, 2003"
8,"Quite good compared to their first effort. I never really cared for them until I gave this album a listen. Its a great progression to the alt metal mess that plauged ANThology. TruANT Seems better structured, and contains much better songs.",0,0,"Aug 17, 2003"
10,"AWEsome CD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Aug 21, 2003"
10,"Does nobody appreciate diversity anymore? This CD shows amazing versatility. The only people that won't like it are the ones stuck in their chosen genre and unable to break free.",0,0,"Aug 21, 2003"
9,"Well, Alien Ant Farm are, although truANT being their second full length release, a new band. This is normally a good thing for bands at this stage as they arent under as much pressure while making new material. But this is not the casewith AAF, they are under a large amount of pressure as their first delivery, ANThology, in 2001 did sell very well indeed. But dont dispair becuase despite all this pressure Alien Ant Farm have produced one hell of an album. Some songs on truANT revise on the previous ANThology and others charge ahead on what's to come, both of these types of song meriting the album, then theres strange tracks like Tia Lupe which is a quirky spanish-latin kind of song, it doesnt really fit in with the album on first listen but the albums pace picks up with songs such as Rubber Mallet and S.S.Recognize which are hard slabs of rock, the single these days breaks open with a blasting melody then drops into a gritty riff then opens out into a suttle poppy sing-a-long chorus the round again, a sheer rollercoaster ride of excellent songwriting.The other songs that are worth a mention are Glow, a very melodic if pop like ballad, which has an excellent chorus, the opener, 1000 Days, is also brilliant and every other track really, but songs like Tia Lupe and Never Meant are more experimental tracks and take a few listens to get used to but once you do get used to these songs you realize how good the are. Alien Ant Farm are definately a band to look out for in the future, why u ask? becuase they can realease an experimental album with loads of different styles on it and pull it off excellently, a brilliant album and a benchmark in modern rock.",0,0,"Aug 29, 2003"
10,"it tight",0,0,"Sep 24, 2003"
10,"I love this CD! All the tracks are different, yet very good. I'm so happy that they remade 'S.S. Recognize', that song is great. 'Glow' is probably the best song on the album, it's so cheeky!",0,0,"Sep 29, 2003"
10,"this album kicks mager ass the lyrics the music everything about matallica fucking rocks",2,3,"Jun 23, 2003"
10,"Its the best album of Metallica for me. So much anger in the musics and many great songs in this album. Off course there are not much 'solos' but there are much energy, power and ANGERRRRR.",2,3,"Jul 20, 2008"
0,"Drum sounds really AWFUL!! Repetitive, simple and boring riffs; no SOLOS and terrible vocal. Forget thrash, it's not even metal. That's all I can say about this failure. DO NOT LISTEN IT!!!",2,3,"Feb  8, 2014"
10,"What a fucking album! Not only is it quite up to par with most of thier other albums, but its so addicting to listen to@ With all the speed metal from the 80's, conbined with the bone chilling riffs of the black album to the serene sound of 'sweet amber'. Metallica definatly unleashed one hell of a beast on this one. I just got back from thier concert yesterday, and they played it so loud and hard that i could barely keep up with the lyrics of 'frantic'. Awesome job Metallica!",3,5,"Aug 11, 2003"
0,"Wow. This is incredibly awful. I can't believe it took them 7 years to release this. It's as if they were a bunch of 14 years olds sitting around in a garage with a guitar, getting incredibly drunk, when they decided to record this. Realising they had no drums they must have grabbed some garbage cans from the side of the road, brought them inside and started making music. Later on the same day they must have gotten some recording equipment brought around for them and 2 hours later, after making pretty much the same noise, released this. There was absolutely none of their classic masterful craftsmanship put into this album.",2,4,"Dec 22, 2012"
5,"When i first herd this i knew that this wasn't the metallica everyone was used to. Something was wrong. I found that this was the album were james (singer) just got out of that huge rehab deal that he was going though and was returning to the band. I guess the just wanted to get back in slowly with just riffs and no solos. Ill let u off this time metallica but now start getting to the good stuff. I mean mind blowing solos. I CAN'T LIVE WITHOUT UR SOLOS!",1,2,"Sep 22, 2010"
1,"1/10 simply because they actually made money of this piece of garbage. I have no idea why anyone would like this album but I guess some people really,really like Metallica.",1,2,"Sep 13, 2012"
10,"St. Anger is different. A concept album at its core, and barking ferocity at face value, each song is essentially a different perspective on anger and all of the emotions related to it. If any other band had written it, it would be an instant classic. However, this is Metallica, and they've been crucified for trying something different. I commend them for it. This isn't Metallica, it's something new and unique. And god damn is it catchy.",1,2,"Mar 22, 2011"
7,"Okay, i think that, as many have said, this album is a blast from the past, with a little difference: the lack of soloing. People might say that how fast you play isn't important, but if you want a real good Metallica album, then it has to have soloing. I pretty much didn't like most songs individually (there are some exceptions; like St. Anger, which resembles Motorbreath in it's raw yet entertaining style), but i think that the album as a whole holds up pretty well. For that, i give it a 7.",1,2,"Sep 26, 2011"
5,"St. Anger. Well, well, well... Certainly Metallica's most slated album (though oddly not on this site)  - and perhaps with some reason. The songs are generally rather bland, with simplistic riffs and less than enthusiastic drumming from the usually impressive Ulrich. Considering the troubles the band was going through at the time - with each other, and with producer Bob Rock, perhaps it's not surprising this effort is their least popular. However, there are some high points - 'Some Kind of Monster' is sufficiently choleric without being dull, and were it not for Hetfield's repetitive screaming of 'Kill, Kill, Kill' at the end of 'All Within my Hands', that wouldn't be bad either. 'Invisible Kid', it must be said, I am a closet fan of. Overall, due to the lack of solos, a poor production effort by Rock and overall mediocre lyrical content, this is certainly Metallica's worst album to date - but is nevertheless nowhere near as bad as is often made out.",1,2,"Nov 25, 2011"
10,"I know that some fans really dislike it, but you can feel their problems and anger from that album. They went through difficult times during recording this album and it feels like that. I simply love it, love that change, love that heaviness and love Lars snare, i usually dont like punk drums, but here its just awesome!",1,2,"Sep 20, 2013"
10,"Yes, it worst Metallica album. But it still rock, maybe snare drum is bad, but i like this album, and like to take   drive with this music. So **** good!",1,2,"Mar 27, 2014"
10,"If could put 11, i would have put it, because this album is THE BEST THING IN THE WHOLE WORLD! If we will be able to heal aids, it wouldn't be as good as this album. it's not only the best Metallica's album, it's also THE BEST **** ALBUM IN THE HISTORY OF MUSIC!",1,2,"Apr 11, 2014"
3,"Just noise.",2,6,"Sep 13, 2008"
5,"when i heard about this CD i expected something like master of puppets. What i got was not Metallica at all. no solos, sounds like it was recorded in a day. just download the video and hope they dont sue you",0,1,"Jun 29, 2003"
3,"Painful to listen to, this album just could have been so much more.",0,2,"Jan  5, 2008"
3,"I love metallica, but this CD is really bad in comparison with EVERYTHING they've done before, even Load and Re-Load.",0,1,"Jul  9, 2007"
9,"The first time I heard it, I thought it was pretty bad. Then I got a little hooked on it and thought it was OK. Then I watched the DVD and I was hooked. The DVD is freaking awesome!",0,0,"Jun 10, 2003"
1,"I will be the first to admit I have not listened to the whole album....not because I didn't want to but because I couldn't handle more than 4-5 tracks before I HAD to turn it off. What a let down....if any band other than Metallica made this album it would be shelved on college radio for 3 months and never be heard from again. Pure garbage. Save your money....you'll thank me for it.",0,0,"Jun 12, 2003"
4,"frustrating. it should be awesome, because they've brought the chunkiness and speed back, but the album is actually pretty boring. all the songs sound exactly the same, there are no solos, and, to be honest, het's lyrics kinda suck.... metallica knew, after the ridiculousness that was load and reload, that they had to bring the fire back to their music, but it's too bad that they couldn't do anything cool with it. i may sound like an old fart, but i really miss cliff..... (i was five when he died, so i can't be an old fart...)",0,0,"Jun 10, 2003"
7,"this album is nothing compared to the early days but kicks loaded albums in the ass. there is know other metallica on the radio today. there sound is unique and there own. noone will ever touch there old shit and never will. they are part of history. kill em all kills anything released today and dont forget the other three.",0,0,"Sep  6, 2003"
8,"Despite the abuse this album has recieved in the past I thought that it was great to see Metallica try something different. Ineviatably it was going to horrify their thousands of devoted fans by dropping their guitars down a few steps, the phrase 'sold out' probably came to a few lips too, but I thought that this album was solid with quite a few oddly catchy songs thrown in there for good measure. Listen to it if you can open your mind to the fact that all of Metallica's discography cannot be similiar or as good as Master of Puppets.",0,0,"Feb 11, 2008"
9,"First, the utter lack of any guitar solos is as disappointing to me as anyone else, but the rest of this album is the finest thing to blugeon metal fans since...well, since the last good metallica disc. Hetfields lyrics are more mature and profound, which is only upsetting to those who refuse to accept growing up. Lars is a man possessed and I have almost been moved to forget about the loss of Jason. It takes a couple of listens to get a feel for the album and to really appreciate it but once you start to get into it, you realize the relevancy that Metallica personifies. This is unquestionablely better than any of the insipid and uninspired 'metal' currently droning over the airwaves. Metallica continues to grow musically without ever losing touch with TRUE fans of the genre. Listen, listen again, listen again and the you won't want to stop. This is adult metal for those who appreciate music beyond 'rap-rock'.",0,0,"Jun 14, 2003"
10,"One of the greastest.No bands compete with MetallicA",0,0,"Jun 17, 2003"
8,"It has to grow on you, but if you liked the old Metallica, not sure how you can't like this CD. Much heavier than anything since Justice but not too heavy to run off 'new' fans.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2003"
7,"Well this is the worst Metallica's album so far. After ...And justice for all Metallica's started going worse and worse. I don't want to see what will their next album be like. Still in comparacent to other band albums, this one is not so terrible. So I rate this album with 6/7",0,0,"Jan 10, 2004"
9,"I'll admit... at first i did not like this cd, but i stuck with it. Its just a new sound unlike any other; u gotta respect that at least. And for that reason mosty i listened to it over and over. Now i love it. The guitars are huge and have this underground feeling to them, and the lyrics... dont seem like hetfields writing but then again he has grown with his suffering these past few years. All in all the more u listen to it and the higher its turned up the better it gets.",0,0,"Jan  2, 2004"
10,"A band cannot sound exactly the same EVERY time! People, please if that was the case then it would get old and redudant fast. This album is aggression, made to unleash rage. For me there are two types of talica fans. The ones Pre-Load and the ones Post-Load. Pre-Load: Fans who like the melody and semi-aggressive songs. Post-Load: Fans who like aggressive/power songs (not really caring for songs like NEM or Unforgiven). St Anger lies in a realm by itself. Personally I think the album is an 8 but it gets 2 extra points because of its nature. That is the nature of the beast. The very fact that there are NO radio friendly songs on this album tells me as a fan that a good band cannot be defined.",0,0,"May  2, 2004"
1,"Those of you who think that this is metal... You're only kidding yourselves. The snare drum is so irritating on this album, I just want to smash it. James' voice is going downhill fast, and I can seriously see Metallica apologizing for this album in a couple of years, well, if they are still a band by then that is. The only person who I can see liking this album is Dave Mustaine, because all the Metallica fans will exchange it at the retail store for Megadeth's new CD.",0,0,"Sep  6, 2004"
8,"This album has got some kick ass songs on it, but it isnt as good as Metallica's previous albums",0,0,"Jun 17, 2005"
7,"Not a classic. But these giants nearly split in the process of making St. Anger. It is probably their most meaningful effort yet.",0,0,"Sep  4, 2005"
0,"St Shite!!!!!",0,0,"Jun  6, 2006"
0,"Metallica is dead T.T",0,0,"Mar  3, 2007"
10,"fukin amazin. if u dont like this album u r a wanker",0,0,"May  2, 2007"
8,"Underrated. I didn't dig it on first listens, but after pulling it out a few years later, its good. Not as good as Master of Puppets, but I'd put it on par with Black.",0,0,"Jun  2, 2007"
8,"Having given this a few days to sink in it's making loads more sense and proving to be a winner - the production does prove to be a hurdle to get past but makes sense as time goes by. Solid, heavy and powerful - everything a Metallica CD should be (and hasn't been for a good while) this seems to have split the fans but made me smile !",0,0,"Jun 10, 2003"
7,"I'm not a metallica fan, but this is a good album.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2003"
2,"This is utter crap, what are you guys reviewing? Kirk is virtually non existant, Hetfield sounds awful, and Lars needs to tune his snare. This is utter crap!",0,0,"Jun 10, 2003"
6,"St. Anger is a progression of their Load/Reload albums (the blooze riifs, sing-along melodies, and personal lyrics have remained) except that they have grafted on harder, speed/power-metal phrases. There are problems with marrying the two styles. (And Slayer, Anthrax, Megadeth, and even Pantera have all struggled with this too.) In are the varying double-time signatures, bass drum fills, stacatto riffs, and tremelos. Hell, some of the guitar-drum on-the-one interplay is straight out of the Slayer songbook. Out are the progressive/Euro-metal songs structures, the gorgeously harmonic bridges and theatrical dynamics, the stuff that distinguishes Master of Puppets and Ride the Lightning as defining metal albums. You don't see many nu-metal bands try old-school thrash. Here's why: The intricate speed does not allow a groove where a singer (or hip-hop beats) can easily fit on top. The elaborate time-changes almost defy verse-chorus-verse song structure. In Metallica's 80s music, progressive devices like harmonized solos and long intros were crucial in creating transitions where the riffs would be introduced and the singer would be allowed space to define a chorus. In turn, the fit of these riffs would create elaborately emotional dynamics. On this album, the awkward (and jarringly produced) pop/nu-metal phrases, basically forcing a 'unnatural' song structure, that take the air of the flow, make many of the tracks tedious, and wipe out most of the songs' dramatic buildup. That said, St Anger does appeal as a sort of concensus 'adult metal' album. Although the lyrics seem solopilistic, the words and the singing seem that of a man confronting his middle age, his past, as well as his addictions. The riffs themselves contain 20 years of heavy metal and hard rock , are stand up to anything in their mainstream peers. And I enjoyed the stoner-rock-meets-psuedoindustrial production (though many don't), it's the first time since And Justice for All, that the Metallica has had real mid-range in their sound. In short bits, St Anger is a lot of fun, and you feel that Metallica is getting closer to 'getting it' again. So while not a return to form, it is basically a good metal album and reminder of metal's glorious past.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2003"
0,"Enough already.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2003"
1,"they need to go back to the old metallica sound like in the black album, they sound like they are tryin to be some hard core CRAP band like slip knot , most of the cd just sounds like a bunch of mumbling, with hard bangin on trash cans....the lyrics are the weakest i have ever heard from a metallica cd..''invisable kid, never see what he did'''...what the hell is that crap i personally think they should have ended the band when jason quit...they suck fatt nuts now i have lost all respect and dont care for metallica anymore",0,0,"Jun 12, 2003"
8,"Raw and powerful, the way metal should be.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2003"
10,"i give it a ten in response to the ridiculously fag reviews giving it 0's. in all honesty, it is an 8.5. solid. better than all of their albums cept justice and master. id go into detail, but lots of you seem like fucking morons so you wouldnt understand what makes a cd good",0,0,"Jun 13, 2003"
10,"this cd fuckin rocks",0,0,"Jun 13, 2003"
0,"I used to like Metallica. Then they started tossing off this kind of dross just to cash in on the fact that their fans are devoted and will buy anything by them. Having DOWNLOADED (!) this album, I must say I'm glad I didn't fork out the money for it.",0,0,"Jun 16, 2003"
1,"good god this album sucks something fierce!",0,0,"Jun 17, 2003"
8,"in a world full of overproduced tripe, this is a welcome development. if lars hadn't gone out of his way to make his drums sound distractingly bad, this could have been an incredible album. i hated it when i first heard it too. i thought it had to be some kind of a joke. the joke is that so many other bands can sugar coat their turds with a lot of studio time and effects and make it sound like a million bucks.",0,0,"Jun 18, 2003"
2,"Regardless of what the diehards want you to believe - this Met Diehard speaks the truth - this album is NOT good - not by anyone's standards. I just cashed mine in today at CD Exchnage - so save some money and go there first if you really want this load of garbage.",0,0,"Jun 19, 2003"
1,"This is absolutely the worst Metallica album ever. I don't get the good reviews.",0,0,"Jun 19, 2003"
8,"its heavy sounds good BUT WHERE ARE THE SOLOS",0,0,"Jun 10, 2003"
10,"great buy it",0,0,"Jun 20, 2003"
10,"Metallica's new cd is worth investing the money in. I can't see why anyone would give the cd under an 8. If you're a Metallica fan, you'll love this. All new material with an old-school twist, it makes for a great cd. I'm gonna be having this in my cd player for quite sometime.",0,0,"Jun 20, 2003"
9,"Upon first hearing the St. Anger single, this album had me feeling embarassed that I had been so geared up for it over the last 12 months. It sounded like a mess, and it didn't help that I heard one critic describe it as 'commercial suicide' owing to the raw sound and And Justice For All-like song lengths. However, once I cracked the plastic, gave it 3 or 4 full listenings, bought into the 'live' sound, and started to unearth the classic Metallica intricacies buried beneath the wall of crushing sound, I began to appreciate this album for what it is - a return to Metallica's live and aggressive roots, and a critical healing salve for James Hetfield. The pingy drums still annoy me, and while I like the looser vibe better than Black, I dislike studio albums that sound this rough. Its not a good sign that the DVD rehearsals sound comparable to the CD in terms of sound quality. Regardless, a sub-par Metallica album is better than most modern bands' pretender rap/rock hybrid efforts, so this one gets an 8/10 on the strength of raw energy and a few crunchy yet funky songs, most notably Unnamed Feeling, Sweet Amber, Shoot Me, and the freight train that is St. Anger. I elevate my rating to a 9/10 due to the inclusion of the DVD. It shows us how happy this band is now and how good these songs are going to sound live. I also think that it was a clever tactical move to increase the value of the album without increasing the price (unlike the Linkin Park Meteora DVD set). This band knows that they did themselves some damage with the Napster thing and this is a great bonus to both those that questioned their motives and the fans that stood beside them. That said, Metallica is a band that I expect and demand 10/10 efforts from, and if Bob Rock is listening I'd like him to hear this: its not necessarily the songs that hold this thing back from challenging the Black album, its the production. Please make sure that those 20-odd unreleased songs that are referred to on the 'making of St. Anger' video get polished up and sound clean, crisp, and crunchy the way that Black, Load, and Reload do. When you're on your game and mixing a true 'studio' album, you are the best rock producer in the industry! We should all feel grateful that the greatest metal band ever is still alive and kicking after being so close to the brink. Don't make us wait too long before your next one boys! And why not make us happy with studio versions of No Leaf Clover and Minus Human?",0,0,"Jun  9, 2003"
6,"I have heard alot about Metallica and Bob Rick trying to make an album that sound more like 'live' Metallica. It seems that with every album Rock produces, they get farther away from that ideal. The album is overproduced. If you listen to it at low volume, all you hear is vocals and drums.",0,0,"Jun  9, 2003"
10,"This is the METALLICA i grew up to. These are the messages that insipered me. This is a solid return to the days of headbanging.",0,0,"Jun  9, 2003"
0,"this album made me cry. so much potential. this could have been great. but its not. at all. its worse than sticking your hand in a blender.",0,0,"Jul  2, 2003"
10,"This cd kicks ass! I will kick every1s ass if the say ne thing bad to metallica!!!!!!!!!!! Yeah so this cd is awsome buy it NOW!!!!",0,0,"Jul 27, 2003"
2,"Metallica has truly lost it. I have no idea what in the world they are trying to do, but they're certainly not rocking. Fifteen years ago, they were the greatest band on earth; now, they just make a lot of noise without any catchy or memorable rhythms at all. I never thought that a Metallica cd could ever be so...boring. Rest in peace, heavy metal. When someone finally resurrects you, it sure won't be these guys.",0,0,"Jul  5, 2003"
0,"I was going to make a statement about how Metallica makes terrible, terrible music; however, I am afraid that Lars Ulrich will sue me - what a bum. It sounds like he spent too much time counting his money and not enough time living what he is trying to play.",0,0,"Aug 13, 2003"
9,"This marvellous album is yet another sign of the evolution of Metallica, that has lead them to the top. If you want old staff, I heard runners-up Maiden are releasing a new album... BUT METALLICA WILL ALWAYS BE THE BEST!!!!!",0,0,"Aug 14, 2003"
10,"I love Metallica, they are AWESOME, this album shows how powerful they are, i only wish they could scream, or shout some more. Whoever got disapointed by Metallica for releasing this album is pretty screwed up.",0,0,"Aug 30, 2003"
10,"if u dont like this cd u r gay this was the best cd and only cd ive ever actually listened to the rest were too boring",0,0,"Aug  4, 2003"
0,"Horrible, a let down for metallica fans, and bob rock fans, a far cry from coherent, swimming in a sea of twisted noise and chaos. THEY DON'T EVEN USE 'THEIR' E and F chords that they SUED TO PROTECT. TERRIBLE, NOT EVEN WORTH DOWNLADING",0,0,"Aug  7, 2003"
10,"good i like St. Anger",0,0,"Sep 20, 2003"
8,"not too bad, just get rid of that anoying snare and bring back the solos",0,0,"Sep  6, 2003"
2,"Use this CD when you're out of toilet paper. It's also a good frisbee. If the CD is for sale, don't buy it. If you can download the CD, don't do it. It will be the worst experience of your life.",0,0,"Nov  9, 2004"
2,"This ain't METALLICA. This is crap. Retire or get back making real music!!!!",0,0,"Nov  9, 2004"
8,"I absolutely love this album!! This is the type of stuff i like to hear from METALLICA!!! Riff after riff of rocking heavy metal. what amazes me most about this album is the way they manage to keep the rhythm changes interesting minus any solos. while i'll be the first to admit that lyrically (compared to their first five albums) it's a little weak, but the fact that they are back to there hard rocking, more musically inventive selves is more than enough to make up for that end of it!!! I just hope the next one is as good or better (and arrives a lot sooner!!!)",0,0,"Oct 29, 2004"
10,"It's unbelievable to hear an album this fresh, raw and exciting released by what seemed to be a washed out heavy metal band. To be quite honest, have grown quite bored of the metallic sameyness of Metallica's early albums and so it's refreshing to hear an album with a raw sound that doesn't overemphasise any instrument. What is left is an immediate, visceral and (oh yes) angry sound. James Hetfield's lyrics which may have seemed a tad dumb on paper work brilliant within the context of the songs. This is Metallica's finest album largely thanks to the fact that Metallica's hardcore punk influences are more prominent this time round, giving it a raw energy, and it still sounds fundamentally like a heavy metal album. Enjoy!",0,0,"Apr 17, 2004"
7,"Well, I love Metallica, and this album is definitely better than what most of the other metal bands make. However, the absence of solos is a tragedy. Robert Trujillo on bass is definitely exhillarating",0,0,"Apr  9, 2004"
3,"this is a piece of fucking shit with only 2 good songs: Frantic and Purify, don't waste your money on this, just download it if you REALLY want it. Oh, by the way, Lars has a receeding hairline and is going bald",0,0,"Sep  8, 2004"
8,"Maybe Metallica 5th best album, but that still makes it a great cd.",0,0,"Oct  6, 2005"
10,"I dont see how ANY metallica fan could diss this album. Complaining about no guitar solos is kinda lame... if you like them solely for those then you are not a true fan, go get a guitar and entertain yourself. I agree the album does have a more 'rough' sound to it... as ive read some places 'like a demo' but to me thats good. i like the album because it sounds good... it hasnt been doctored to sound good because it doesnt need it. if you like edited vocals go check out ashlee simpson or something. unfortunately time ages people... how can ANYONE expect James to maintain the same voice all these years?? of course it will change slightly etc etc, things change get over it!. this album shows that metallica are capable of changing their style of music and not having to use computers to make it sound good. they are good musicians and any true fan will know that they have been through a lot and to sound as they did in their younger days is impossible. with that said ima go now, anyone who wants to can email me at tom201184@yahoo.com.au take care all :) ROCK ON!! m/",0,0,"Feb 14, 2005"
8,"So what if the damn snare is pingy and there are no guitar solos? That snare sound enables it to cut through the massive wall of guitar/bass grunge. Who needs guitar solos? If you want guitar solos, listen to Steve Vai, Joe Satriani, John Petrucci or Eric Johnson. They do it much better. Besides, guitar solos are sooo fucking 80's. If NIN can be critics' darlings with songs without guitar solos, why can't Metallica? Besides, Hammet's guitar solos are typically musically meandering and sound like a poor excuse to stick in a flurry of random notes into the song structure. Why are people pissy about the production values on this record? The music in St. Anger is heavy, pissed-off, and raw, with tons of awesome drop-tuned riffage. As a musician, I give props to the Metallica guys to have the balls to release such a 'live' sounding recording without the clinical sterility of their earlier masterpieces like Puppets and Justice, where every instrument sounds isolated and strangled. If there can be any faults in this album, it's probably the repetitiveness of some of the songs, no doubt caused by the band and Bob Rock staring at the ProTools edit screen too long and copy/pasting song arrangements. All in all, St. Anger sounds alive, refreshing, vital, and contemporary (without being a complete slave to current musical trends)- a welcome evolution in Metallica's music and a fine addition to their oeuvre.",0,0,"Feb  4, 2005"
8,"This is a real album, its not watered down or run through a machine. If you want a Backstreet Boys album go by one. If you want something with some balls, buy St. Anger.",0,0,"Feb  4, 2005"
6,"they need to get wasted again",0,0,"Apr 13, 2005"
10,"It's a great album i gave it 10/10. Metallica just want it to do something different",0,0,"May 24, 2005"
2,"One of my favourite bands (I've been a fan since 1985) - but this is soooo bad. Lars sounds like he's hitting a tin can with a twig. And the 'songs' are dire. Very little to redeem this album. Even the live shows were poor - I ended up walking out in despair. Still, the kids liked it.",0,0,"May  4, 2005"
2,"Garbage",0,0,"Oct 17, 2006"
5,"Where are the solos? Ps. Anybody who pays attention to Rolling Stones top 100 guitarist dosn't know anything about the instrument. There are so many names left off that list, most notably, Steve Vai, Frank Zappa, John Petucci and Joe Satriani. Those guys arn't top 100, but Kurt Cobain and Jack White are top 30, is just garbage.",0,0,"Dec 20, 2006"
10,"I have been a metallica fan since day one. I can't say I have ever been disapponted. Metallica can never be accused of repetition or recycling old material. Two things are certain, new material from Metallica is going to be just that, NEW, and it will be HEAVY. While I will always love the older material, the new material has never disappointed. It will always amaze me how fans will be so quick to dismiss material that is different. Who wants to hear recycled riffs with different lyrics? While I was absolutely blown away by Load & Reload, others criticized the change. WTF. St. Anger is the most potent, heavy and unique material to be turned out by the 'Tallica boys, and again, heavily criticized. WTF. What are people listening to? The riffs are absolutely sick ! While Kirk Hammet is, as usual, stellar at lead, James Hetfield is a master at rythym, with some very cool leads as well. James, you the man !! Killer drums by Lars and most impressive bass by Robert, all come together to form a collection of material that will rattle the teeth from your jaws. If you haven't yet, go buy St. Anger right now. If hearing the songs isn't enough, well just pop in the DVD and watch them play the songs. Many thanks to Metallica for turning out, yet another, heavy and very angry piece of work. Metallica Rules !!!",0,0,"Dec  6, 2006"
7,"I like this album, bt i love load and reload. Its seams like they are going in a new direction and i sorta like it but im hoping for more songs like 'Die, Die, Die my darling' ; 'Aint my Bitch'. :)",0,0,"May 12, 2006"
0,"St. Rubbish",0,0,"Jul 31, 2006"
10,"This album absolutley fucking rocks! Fingers up to the idiots who have underrated this fantastic album produced from the anger within Metallica. 10/10. After watching Some Kind Of Monster DVD, I came to respect the album even more after seeing what they have been through to produce this album. Metal-Fucking-Allica For Life!",0,0,"Aug 25, 2006"
5,"Drum sounds awful not even in the shadow of the Black album",0,0,"Feb 28, 2007"
0,"Possibly the worst album ever made, how a band who made albums like Ride the Lightning, Master of Puppets, and Kill Em' All made this garbage is beyond me.",0,0,"Feb  6, 2007"
4,"While this isn't the worst Metallica CD, it is not good. The omission of guitar solos, the steely sounding drums, and Hetfield's woman-like cracking voice on Frantic, make this an un-stellar CD. Though some songs sound rather good, the CD needed way more work on it.",0,0,"Nov 20, 2008"
2,"Hated it.",0,0,"Jan 30, 2008"
7,"Probably the best album Korn could have come up with. But since is played by Metallica, it's not what you'd expect.",0,0,"Apr  4, 2008"
7,"This is not Metallica's greatest outing, but who can deny that a little bit of savagery isn't welcome after years of Country-induced twang Metal and pop-drenched choruses? I for one think this album is a bit of an acquired taste. And it is one of those things that you just may love, or just might hate with a passion. Frantic, St. Anger and All within My Hands are the best songs on this metal groove of an album.... I recommend it, but beware: You may just hate it.",0,0,"Jul 10, 2009"
0,"About as bad as music gets, all things considered.",0,0,"Jul 20, 2009"
9,"Metallica c tro cool headed",0,0,"Nov  4, 2003"
10,"Metallica rocks and this is their best CD yet It can't get any better!",0,0,"Oct 16, 2003"
2,"NO, this album blows. There is nothing to hold onto or remember, no hooks or melody. The rythm is predominant, but it only sounds like the redundant smashing of trashcan lids. There is no grace to compliment the savagry of this album.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2003"
10,"So I guess that im old fashioned but Metallica still rocks! Frantic is awesome!",0,0,"Jun 11, 2003"
8,"Agree with most reviews...not their best album, but it rocks more than most music out there right now. Their live rehearsals sound 10x better than the CD, which is why I ripped the DVD to make a CD (plus the annoying snare ping is mostly gone in the live versions!). It's a brutal album. Definitely not going to please everyone, but I'm happy I bought it.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2003"
8,"The best album the metalforgrounders have put out for quite a while. at least better than Load, reload, kill em all and almost as good as Justice. Some may disslike the drumsound and the NO solos but when ju listen for a while and look further than that you know that metallica is back...",0,0,"Jun 10, 2003"
1,"Lame effort, thanks for the four year wait. This album tries soo hard to sound hardcore and just fails miserably. The only thing worse than the music are the lyrics.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2003"
7,"Many people are no doubt extremely disappointed at 'St. Anger', especially after all the hype that was generated from the Metallica camp preceeding its release. and, those who were expecting a return to the band's whiplash 80s glory have every good reason to be upset. I mean, here we have a band that has crafted such truly brilliant albums as 'Master of Puppets', suddenly taking a shine to nu-metal, applying a cease and desist on solos, and putting out an album that sounds as though it was recorded in someone's basement on dollar store equipment. Truly, the sound quality (or lack thereof) is 'St. Anger''s greatest downfall. Yes, the mid-range is prominent, but Lars' snare pings annoyingly, drilling into your head until you want to throw him out of his seat and tune the damned thing yourself. There are other major problems plaguing the record as well, notably the deterioration of Hetfield's vocals. For much of the album, the vocals do suffice. However, whenever he tries to vent... REALLY vent the anger, it comes across as a sore-throated, whiny, unbalanced yelp (this really gets grating at the close of 'All Within My Hands' when, as James repeatedly yells 'kill kill kill kill kill', he teeters somewhere between Bobcat Goldthwait and Billy Corgan... not a good thing). Yes, 'St. Anger' has plenty of problems, several good arguments for those who would see Metallica burned at the stake for suppsed crimes against metal. But, for all its shortcomings, credit must be given, for 'St. Anger' excels in many categories as well. If nothing else, it's quite possibly the heaviest album Metallica has ever recorded. Gone are the sweeping, epic ballads, replaced instead with chunky riffs and visceral harmonies. And, at times, the weight of the music is truly flooring, immersing you in the passion and fury that was probably intended. Yes, the album is underproduced. Yes, we agree that James isn't the greatest singer in the world. Yes, Lars could have fixed his snare prior to recording. And yes, many of these songs could have been shaved down considerably. But, none of this changes what should be the most prevalent fact. 'St. Anger' is an ugly, gurgling monster of an album, a challenge to every fan, old and new, to throw their inhibitions to the wayside, turn up the volume and trust in Metallica enough to take you for the ride. And, when the album ends in an orgy of fury, any true fan of not only the band, but what they stand for musically, would be a fool not to take 'St. Anger' for another spin.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2003"
4,"On this CD Metallica really tries to return to their old sound, but try as they may, they fail miserably. This music on this CD borrows from bands that early Metallica likely served as an inspiration to. There are guitar riffs that sound lifted from the latest Queens of the Stone Age CD and there are choruses and vocal arraignments that sound like they were lifted from the latest Linkin Park or some other Nu-Metal release. I am not even going to get into the utterly ridiculous lyrics on here. I will give Metallica some credit, the drums, guitar, and bass on the CD show great talent and tremendous potential, but all of that is wasted as soon as Hetfield opens up his mouth. The lure of ?old? Metallica was Hetfield growling and barking out lyrics like ?Master, Master, Master of Puppets is pulling your strings.? Well now James feels the need to try and actually sing, which is horrible because it is painfully obvious that he simply cannot sing. This has been obviousto Metallica fans since he tried to sing on ?The Unforgiven.? He sounds like some small town hick singing at Karoeke night at the local watering hole or some hapless wannabe in a pathetic cover band. If I were Lars, Kirk, and the new guy, I would kick Hetfield to the curb and get a new singer because this one is washed up.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2003"
10,"This album is absolutely unbelievable--anyone who can't relate to the struggle of life shouldn't be listening to it anyway. To discount this album as 'tired old bellyaching' is to deny the power and real emotion that Aaron Lewis pours into his songs. Everybody seems to think that because he is now rich that all his problems should magically melt away. And if anyone noticed, this album deals alot more with his healing than with his depression. Overall, this is the best Staind album yet and anybody who thinks it's too 'soft' needs to open up a little bit. Life ain't always peachy.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2003"
10,"Staind is an awsome band. There songs have so much meaning it them.",0,0,"Aug  6, 2003"
9,"How handy!",0,0,"Jun 11, 2003"
10,"good album",0,0,"Jun  5, 2003"
4,"4 out of 10 seems fair enough. it's like, listening same song for about 1 hour... kind of boring huh?!",0,0,"Jul  2, 2003"
10,"You critics need to listen to an album more then once and actually connect with it. The overal score is appalling! Staind's 14 Shades of Grey is one of my favourite albums. This band has no trouble making you feel the songs emotion and not to mention each songs up-lifting chorus. One finely crafted album that should be listened to by all people, even if you don't like rock, this album will surely appeal to you. HIGHLY recommended!",0,0,"Jan 29, 2005"
0,"The fact that people would consider this pleasing music is just sad. Lame lyrics and generic instrumentation make this just another piece of crap floating in the toliet of modern mainstream acts, if you want music with emotion i suggest you try some bands that don't suck. I also get a kick out of the people that yell 'f*ck the haters' this cd is bad, deal with it",0,0,"Aug  2, 2005"
6,"May be it sounds a little too much like the previous album but it's always good to have some more songs by Staind.. though they don't sound like 'new material'...",0,0,"Jun  6, 2003"
8,"Really good album. Although I miss the harder edge songs like For You and anything from the Dysfunction album, this is Staind's real sound. I give it an 8 only because the songs 'Tonight' and 'Reality' sound the same. Also the last song 'Intro' should have been replaced by the song 'Let It Go' which you can download if you buy the CD. You can't expect every song to be good.",0,0,"Jun  7, 2003"
9,"I can't critics hate this but love that Deftones crap. This is a great album. One of those rare ones that you can listen too all the way through and not be bored. So screw the critics!",0,0,"Aug 12, 2003"
9,"This CD apes my tang to pieces. its awesome and i cant stop playing 'Price to Play' or 'Zoe Jane'",0,0,"Aug  4, 2003"
10,"Once again yet another great cd, prob my favorite for the time being. Deep meanings with that sense of struggle. Anybody who doesn't like it, doesn't know shit",0,0,"Aug  9, 2003"
0,"is this a joke? do these other people really think this is good music? maybe cliches are much better the 15th time around for some. but for me, utter poop + 1. once again my formula: corn ball, trite lyrics + unimaginative instumentation (soft verses 'loud', lame choruses are not the only way to make pop music) + bad musicians + completely uninteresting = shi-ite.",0,0,"Jan 19, 2004"
10,"Its underrated",0,0,"Apr 26, 2005"
2,"Wow. So you shouldn't give something bad reviews because you don't like it? You should just let it go away? What if I said, 'Hey, because you don't like it, you shouldn't be telling us that, you should be listening to it.' This is a REVIEW. People hate your band. Musically, this album is pathetic. I've seen better offerings from the emo garage band next door, and I'm being completely and totally serious. Boring. Nu-Metal is dead, try listening to real metal: Lamb of God, Opeth, Dream Theater. That should be enough for anyone.",0,0,"Jan  9, 2006"
6,"this cd wasnt really that good but it had one of my favorite songs on there so i apprciated it",0,0,"Apr 20, 2006"
10,"Awesome!! it ROCKED",0,0,"Oct 16, 2003"
0,"Nu-metal is terrible.",0,0,"Jun 12, 2003"
1,"this album is shit. what new sound are they talking about? i gave them one point for trying.",0,0,"Jun 12, 2003"
4,"If you lied the first album (Dysfunction) than you will hate this one. If you liked the last album because of the poppy ballads than you will probably love this new one. It is along the same lines as the last album but not quite as good. My advice.....Tide gets Staind out of clothes. Get some oxyclean....something....just don't get this one unless you loved (I mean loved) the last one.",0,0,"Jun 12, 2003"
4,"The band is the same as it ever was. The only selling point for the album is the bonus DVD, compiling lots of home video footage of the band on their rise to stardom. Other than that, nothing special. Nothing absoloutely horrible, but nothing necesarily good either.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2003"
8,"If you liked their last cd, you will surely like this one, cause it's better.",0,0,"Jun 25, 2003"
8,"i thought this cd was not their best, but pretty damn good. You just can't stop being addicted, it seems like, to Arrons voice in all the songs. And i agree w/ most of you that i wish they would bring forth their heavier roots back like 'dysfunction' or even their VERY first cd tormented. Still, a great cd all around. I recomend any staind fan to buy the cd!",0,0,"Jun 28, 2003"
10,"i understand and love this album",0,0,"Jul 19, 2003"
10,"it fuckin rocks!!!!!!!!!!!!!111",0,0,"Sep 12, 2003"
10,"staind rules and this one was there best yet! this cd makes me hope that they make a 5th cd!",0,0,"Sep  9, 2003"
10,"great album f*ck the critics, who dont understand anything that has meaning to it",0,0,"Nov  6, 2005"
1,"Guess I'm just another hater. Thank god no one's making me listen to it. There is no saving those who do not want to be saved. Great music to those with musical expierience or great music to a critic breaks from whatever the current formula. Critics and music lovers are looking for musical evolution. Those who are still musical virgins will obviously rate this album highly because they have not been over-saturated with the verse-chorus-verse-chorus-bridge-chorus way of doing things. Someday, like their X-Box games, they will find this type of production boring and move on to something more challenging. Or else they will be stuck as a construction-laborer for the next 30 years.",0,0,"Dec 13, 2005"
10,"If only the haters would stop hating. This album is outstanding. Any negative review I have seen is weak on detailing the album's faults. There is no filler on this cd. 14 shades of gray is a rare album in today's music world. No sex drugs or violence, only the succinct communication of pent up frustration and resolved and unresolved personal issues. And the band is a crack outfit to boot. I hope these guys pay no mind to their detractors.",0,0,"Apr 14, 2005"
10,"Regardless of what critics and some people who dislike this CD, I absolutely love it. I don't understand why we argue, though: if we like it we'll keep listning 2 it, if u hate it, just forget it. If the haters think it's a waste of time, that's their opinion. Could something they like seem like crap to me? It's possible and likely. I like ANY music, and this strikes me close to home. I hold it high on my list, if you don't, then stop criticzing it: NO ONE's MAKING U LISTEN TO IT!!!!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Sep  2, 2005"
8,"I love Staind, but this cd is not as good as BTC or Dysfunction. There some really great songs like 'Fray' and 'Blow Away' but the anger has been toned down as a whole on this cd and I Ioved the anger. Still, a good cd overall.",0,0,"Jan  1, 2006"
10,"I hate how people say that a band is horrible and has no idea what music says. I hate death metal and rock, but just because i don't like them I don't say they lack tallent and that they suck. All it is, is a matter of opinion. If you don't like an albulm fine mention, but dont talk crap about them. I think its a great albulm. Riffs are good and so is lyrics as always. Not everyone is the same though so don't disrespect a bands music just b/c you dont like the style. Great albulm guys, not displeased w/ it at all.",0,0,"Jun 25, 2006"
5,"so... incredibly... boring!",0,0,"Jun 28, 2003"
10,"I Think 14 Shades of Grey is an fucking awesome album way better than break the cycle! I like every song and I never get sick of listening to it especially price 2 pay. Staind really rocked me!!! I'm addicted, can't take it out of my CD Player every song touches my heart I wouldn't be surprised if it got Rock album of the year. There a kick azz band! What i like about the Album is the muchiness of Aarons voice to sing soft to hard core loud metal. So cool! If your a Staind fan buy the cd you'll be blown away! I also noticed that every song if your down will bring your spirit up and I can and others relate to that in life. Thumbs up! sound really good!",0,0,"Jul 12, 2003"
10,"All you fuckin critics who said this album sucked are dead wrong. You have to listen to shit more than once to feel what they are trying to express. '14 Shades of Grey' is one of the best albums of the year, and Aaron Lewis probably has one of the best voices in the record industry. Do us all a favor and actually listen to the music next time before you bash an album that should definately be owned. And oh yea, I thought every song on this album rocked.",0,0,"Aug 22, 2003"
10,"The only album that can top this is Break the Cycle...oh, also by Staind. These fucking critics obviosly are shallow and have no ability to relate to anything deeper than 'hot for teacher' snort another line rock.",0,0,"Nov  7, 2004"
10,"Incredible music with incredible lyrics. This CD is one of the few really great rock albums out there today. If you listen to the critics on this one you would be missing out on one the best albums I have heard in all my life.",0,0,"Apr 24, 2004"
2,"It just leaves me somewhat upset when I read these posts. Not only do people actually relate to this and allow it to help them, they qualify this music and the overlaboured lyrics that comes with it as 'incredible'. Amazing. Or maybe not... Staind get their money from untried individuals who have little sense of musical background, human culture in the whole, and whose concepts of sensitivity and release correspond to a different tone of voice under a blunt distortion. It should be much too little. This, mind you, is not a good rock album. What is this in front of source tags & codes? I won't bother listing others. Critics are not geeky figures behind desktops playing eclectic, and if they were it wouldn't undermine their opinion. My only hope in this matter (if I have one) is that one day some of you actually realise the smallness of this piece of sound in what has been done in our time. In the meantime, you'll be staring at the blankest and dulles of walls (and maybe paying for it)",0,0,"Feb 11, 2005"
0,"this guy was signed by fred durst. case closed.",0,0,"Sep 17, 2005"
7,"Stainds got 3 albums, this is the worst, but is still a good album, the critics clearly have a lack for any enthuasm with involving themsleves in the lyrics. Staind have a great vocalist, and there guitarists are great aswell. This album is not great, but it's not bad. Get Chapter V - You'll be impressed ;)",0,0,"Sep 25, 2006"
7,"It's easy to NOT like Staind. Aaron Lewis has no charisma on or off stage. Nu-metal as a movement is characterized by an overwhelming frat-boy stereotype. And I can't think of Staind without thinking of Limp Bizkit. That being said, this is a fabulous album, better than 'Break the Cycle.' Aaron Lewis is a great singer/songwriter. Maybe he would've been more respected if he took to folk music or pretentious indie rock. The fact that this is a hard rock album doesn't diminish it's worth. 'How About You' is lyrically and musiclly Staind at their pinnacle (maybe with the exception of 'Home'). The hooks in a song like 'So Far Away' are undeniable. And the tributes to his daughter ('Zoe Jane') and Layne Staley ('Layne') really make this an album of contrasts. Yeah, there's not much frat-boy drudge like 'Mudshovel,' but there are some good tunes on this album.",0,0,"Jan 12, 2007"
10,"Staind has helped me through alot of my life and anyone out there saying that Staind sucks you have no clue what your miss out on.. one of the greatest bands of the history and today...",0,0,"Nov 28, 2003"
9,"This is an awesome album, check it out. You wont regret.",1,1,"May 20, 2003"
10,"This album is one of the greatest albums every created. The songs catch you in every direction and anyone who gives this album least then a 9, doesn't know music.",1,1,"Apr 25, 2004"
9,"The deftones most obscure and unique album to date it is much tighter that 'around the fur' and much more abstract than 'white pony'. Despite being rather a noisy sounding record, after sustained listening the record blossoms, it is textural and colourful. This record is deeply emotional cross-examining relationships and human perceptions. My favourite tracks are the gorgeous 'Moana' and the industrial 'When Girls Telephone Boys', both track using minimalism with respect to their lyrics and their riffs. Stunning programming skills exhibited and juicy, poetic and abstract lyrics ... Definitely the best record by the Deftones.",1,1,"Mar 16, 2005"
9,"after spending so much time on this CD, i was expecting a lot. and i was totally pleased with the final product. almost. there's a bunch of songs that are monsters and there a still a few fillers.",1,1,"Jun 28, 2003"
9,"The Deftones have come a long way since their days of Adrenaline. This new album is the best showcase of the Deftones capablities as a band yet. The music, lyrics, and even vocals have developed greatly and it shows. Deftones would get a 10 if it weren't for one or two songs that just seem to be pointless. Great job though!",1,1,"Oct 25, 2003"
8,"Not as big a step forward as I would have hoped, but a step forward indeed. The biggest problem is that some of the song structure is a little off, but the band's punch is as potent as ever.",1,1,"Jun 13, 2003"
10,"I have always been a metal fan, i bought my first deftones cd (white pony) 3 years ago and have been captivated by the disturbing beauty of the deftones ever since i have just recently purchased the self titled cd 'deftones' and have found it to be one of the best cd's in a long search for stupid meaningless poppy junk. this cd will blow your mind i can listin to this cd over and over, never getting sick of the genious that is the deftones.",1,1,"Sep 24, 2004"
10,"This is an incredible album. And very underrated. The Deftones created an incredibly emotive and artistically relevant record with this, their self titled release, as though they were re-inventing what Deftones were. It sounds blissed out, willingly obscure and unforgiving with it's hard bite at times. it is one of my favorite albums of the 00s. It can also be seen as a brilliant alternative of Loveless.",1,1,"Dec  6, 2007"
7,"It's the Deftones, so of course I love it, but it's just not quite as good as Around The Fur or White Pony.",0,1,"Jun  3, 2003"
5,"I really disliked this album. Other than 'Minerva' this album just seemed to lack direction. The songs never seemed to go anywhere and they seemed a little confused. Compared to the previous 3 albums, this was a disappointment.",0,2,"Aug 24, 2003"
10,"Not the best deftones record, that would be 'White Pony'. But if WP is the deftones 'Nevermind', then 'Deftones' is surely their 'in Utero', a self-concious attempt to weed out the poseurs in their fanbase that got on board with 'Back To School'. But, whereas 'In Utero' is my favourite Nirvana record, 'deftones' suffers because what they're running away from (quite unsuccessfully, thank God), is their pop jones. The tunes on this record try very very hard to be straight-up metal, but they are too good, too well-versed, and too bloody ambitious to deliver a real 'step=back' to the days of 'Adrenalin' and 'Around the fur'. Those records were progressions, history goes in a straight line. And Deftones have been forever changed by 'White Pony'. Still, this record has it's moments, especially 'Minerva', possibly the best song they've ever recorded. I like this record mostly beacuse it sounds so much like Deftones meets My Bloody Valentine, the best band ever.",0,2,"Sep 28, 2006"
1,"I hated this record. Why are all these people talking about how innovative it is?? It's just the same old crap (screaming, simple guitars) that's all over the radio these days. White Pony was MUCH better. At least it didn't sound like the exact same song being played ten times in a row like this CD.",0,5,"Oct 22, 2003"
8,"There are some truly brilliant moments on this album. The thing that jumped out at me right away was how much more texture the guitar sound has as compared to the relatively homogenous sounds of WHITE PONY. I still give WHITE PONY the nod as the superior album at this point, simply due to the diversity.. DEFTONES seems to have a single mission.. to rock your pants. The drums and bass are cavernous, and some of these riffs are just crushing.. the mellower tunes provide some nice counterpoint to the rage.. but unfortunately there's really nothing that compares to 'Change in the House of Flies' - neither is there a track a sweeping as 'Passenger.'",0,1,"May 24, 2003"
2,"This is not music. I really like Minerva cause the whole time they're not screaming with a techno beat. Crap like that is not music.",0,2,"Aug 12, 2003"
9,"It's really creative, but not as WHITE PONY ( a masterpiece).",0,2,"Nov  2, 2007"
9,"This album is White Pony.2 and i love it because it`s like this guys have perfectioned the style they presented us with their last album, i truly believe that with Lucky You i've heard what teenager was meant to be a greater song it`s mellow and yet it has a sense of evil and Deathblow is this disc Change i can`t get enough of this song. What can i say i love this album",0,0,"Jun 26, 2003"
8,"Nice to know there are bands that are pushing the rapidly shrinking envelope of metal. The comparisons made to late 80's indie (esp My Bloody Valentine) and synthrock are justified and is a refreshing change to the tail-chasing of their peers. Beautiful and LOUD. Not as innovative as White Pony though...",0,0,"May 20, 2003"
6,"this is not a best album what i wanted to hear, but at all it is quite normal... maybe just a bite quiter then i hope...",0,0,"Aug 17, 2004"
10,"WTF Mates?How could you guys rate these guys so low? Society as we know it is crumbling today and luckily we have guys like deftones keeping our music industry alive. Deftones may be a little psycho but apart from that, these guys sound pretty much the best the music industry has to offer these days. I downloaded them onto my computer 2 weeks ago and i haven't stopped listening to them. A good 10 Deftones and hopefully the next album will be as good or better",0,0,"Feb 16, 2005"
10,"Nothing went wrong here. Deftones have captured what we in modern society call 'music'. Nobody can play better than them and who knows, their next album might be even a touch higher than the best!",0,0,"Mar  8, 2005"
10,"superb and no compromise what we have come to expect from deftones not to commercial thank god.",0,0,"Sep 13, 2005"
8,"In retrospect now one of the best Deftones records ever, second only to White Pony. With the songs more direct and to the point, the eponymous album now seems the most apt follow-up to its spectacular predecessor. Though not as jagged, it is certainly the rawest produced Deftones record since Adrenaline, which would explain its constant likeness to Shoegaze. But while most other bands falling under this sub category are no more then blatant copycats, Deftones rather pay homage to My Bloody Valentine for being profound influences here. Hexagram is the quintessence of why this band is always alluded to as being",0,0,"May 18, 2007"
10,"Their best to date. nothing else to say, most part of the record you found Deftones at their max , the killer-chain-saw-like sounding guitars, the peculiar drumming, the atmospheric electronic effects and of course Moreno's utterly high screams & eire quiet vocals makes this record unmatchable.",0,0,"Aug 17, 2011"
9,"This is one of the darker and heavier albums of the Deftones. some people say only minerva is worth hearing (The mixed and negative review guys said it) but Metal up a little the record some times gets bring down a bit, (that's why i didn't gave the album a 10) but it shows Deftones can go which ever way they want to go. they might not have so many comercial success but they always put out good music. (Go to oneloveforchi.com if you like the Deftones as much as i do)",0,0,"Nov 17, 2011"
8,"The Deftones most underrated album, partly due to the bands lack of innovation in the release but also because it had the difficult task of following on from White Pony. 'Needles and Pins', 'Minerva' and 'Hexagram' keep the consistency on an album which struggles to reach the heights of its predecessor.",0,0,"Feb 20, 2012"
10,"Not the best Deftones album, BUT, it sure is amazing. The more you go through and listen to the whole thing the more you like it. When I first listened to it I had mixed reactions myself. Than I went back and listened to it multiple times and fell in love with it. I'm edging for the score of a 10 because it really is something else for Deftones.",0,0,"May 10, 2013"
8,"Don't know why Pitchfork disliked this so much. While it doesn't quite live up to the rest of their catalog (except Adrenaline), this still has some absolute gems on it. Good Morning Beautiful and When Girls Telephone Boys are both exceptional.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2013"
5,"This album is heavier but production is weak and the album is inconsistent. Their worst album, because it follows one of their best and is simply not up to their standards.",0,0,"Nov 26, 2012"
10,"After White Pony it doesn't seem like Deftones could do anything better ... and they didn't (at least not with the self-titled album), BUT they didn't need to. All they needed to do is create an album just as good or at least close to it and that is what they did. Various ups and downs during this album. Raw and emotional just like White Pony, but a little more polished , which, unfortunately, in the long run may seem boring after playing this album on repeat for the 100th time, but eventually you'll come back for more (especially for songs like Minerva, Hexagram and Good Morning Beautiful, though I don't like to point out something specific, because they are all great).",0,0,"Nov 13, 2012"
9,"an 8+ average user rating may not warrant the 'underrated' identification but nonetheless it's a sublime album that builds on White Pony's experimental and dark themes.",0,0,"Sep 24, 2015"
10,"Definitely the most epic record by Deftones. So much emotion in every single vocal line, powerful riffs and of course the mind-blowingly atmospheric, almost divine harmonies they create. Hexagram as an opener is just outta this world, and Good Morning Beautiful  Bloody Cape convince with their simplicity and power. Also, very slick sound with a touch of raw. I love it.",0,0,"Oct 26, 2013"
7,"this is personally one of my least favorite deftones albums (next to adrenaline). songs like the amazing 'Minerva', 'Hexagram' and  'Good Morning Beautiful' save this album from being bad. the album isnt terrible, but its a bit weird. when compared to what was before and what came after, this album is not as good. one redeeming qualities about the album is that the band tried something new and it has better song
structuring than Saturday Night Wrist.
Best Songs:
-Minerva
-Hexagram
-Good Morning Beautiful
-Deathblow
-Moana
-Needles And Pins
-When Girls Telephone Boys (The heaviest deftones song ever!)",0,0,"Dec 23, 2013"
9,"Up there with Deftones' very best. It's got this amazing balance of heavy riffs and gorgeous melodies. Chino's vocal performance is outstanding (those screams on 'Hexagram' are almost inhuman) and always moves you with how it flows superbly throughout every track.",0,0,"Apr 18, 2016"
6,"Godsmack bring nothing new to the table here. Some great 'pump up' songs, but I ended up giving this album to a friend. They like to talk about how mad they are but never really say what they are mad at. They just like being negative for the sake of it and that clearly attracts the angsty teen audience like moths to a flame. The weakest of their albums, still listenable though",0,1,"Feb 11, 2011"
10,"amazing.",0,0,"Feb 10, 2008"
10,"Every track on the album Faceless is worth listening to. I hear all the critic's saying it's too similar to their old work. Damned if you do...damned if you don't. Keep up the good work fella's!",0,0,"May 19, 2003"
10,"This album Simply kicks ass! And the songs are very great especially Serenity.GODSMACK RULES!!!!!!!!!!!",0,0,"May 30, 2003"
10,"In one word: a masterpiece. Rolling Stone should hire some people who actually understand music. The critics can say whatever they want to, another platinum for Sully and the guys!",0,0,"Jun  3, 2003"
10,"Awesome band, rock is just good al over",0,0,"Jun  5, 2006"
7,"Matt, seriously, love, just telling you to fuck off since obviously you don't know jackshit about music. & when you use Alice in Chains to insult somebody think twice. Alice in Chains is one of the big bands of the eighties, nineties, & hell has even seeped over into today. If you think that this 'shit is poser and unoriginal', as you so aptly put it, you can fucking take a cold plunge. By the way, I'm twenty-seven, somehow I don't think that qualifies as a 'stupid high school teen.'",0,0,"Feb  5, 2007"
10,"Godsmack is not for everybody, but for those of us who like angry ass-kickin' rock and roll, they're perfect. While some of their music sounds similar, it's the aggression that attracts me to their sound, and Sully's introspective lyrics bring it home. Godsmack rocks!",0,0,"Jun 12, 2007"
10,"I really love the music of Godsmack no matter what the critis say, the words of Sully are poetic and meaningful. As far as I'm concerned, the critis can kiss my a**!",0,0,"Apr 21, 2003"
10,"Rolling Stone Mag, must be getting as old as the Rolling Stones. This CD Kicks Ass Like Godsmack does. Maybe their rag should be renamed Gaul Stones. If it is too loud, maybe they're too Old!",0,0,"Jun 17, 2003"
9,"I think this CD rocks!!! All the reviewers are on CRACK, Nickelback?!? WTF?!? Nickelback is pop music, its not rock...",0,0,"Jun 28, 2003"
10,"If you buy one cd this summer this one should be one of your top choices. I can't get enough of it",0,0,"Jul 14, 2003"
10,"OMG! wen i saw wat the critics gave this cd i almost crapped my pants. This is like the best cd ever! I really dont know why the critics hate it so much. And that nickelback coment.....just stop. u really dont know wat ur talking about if u even compare godsmack to nickelback. Everyone who loves hard rock and metal will love this album. F**K this critics on this one!",0,0,"Mar  5, 2005"
9,"The user review page just goes to show why some people have no business writing reviews in the media. The people who listen to this genre are those only one who should review it. The guy who gave it a 0 obviously doesnt like rock. As well as the media reviewers. Godsmack kicks ass and always will. Dont like rock? dont listen to it then. I for one, cant stand rap, so if you ask me to review a rap artist im going to give it a 0.",0,0,"May  1, 2006"
1,"OMG!! PWNZERIZED!! GODSMAcK is E1IT3 HAXXORS!! LOL! I used to like Godsmack, then my balls dropped. I guess everyone has to go through it, its just that some never grow out of that phase.",0,0,"May  2, 2006"
10,"this album is the best and i don't give a shit on those critics who don't know how to apreciate an awesome cd. good work and keep on going like this",0,0,"Jan 22, 2007"
9,"Good, loud music, what more could you ask for? It's Godsmack for godness sake!",0,0,"Apr 27, 2003"
9,"The critics don't know diddly. Make me believe,and re-align are two of the best rock-out songs i've heard in a long time! Good hard music!!!",0,0,"Apr 29, 2003"
10,"what is the world coming to when a rock magazine trashes such a great cd. Faceless is the best of the three (in my opinion) by Godsmack. reviewers who do not agree, you are entitled to your opinion, but it does nit matter if you do not know good straight ahead rock. I am old school and this cd kicks ass. Re-alighn is the best track on the cd and should be released as the nest single.",0,0,"May 15, 2003"
10,"this album kicks ass!",0,0,"Jan 19, 2004"
10,"best band of all time",0,0,"Nov  6, 2005"
8,"I love hard rock, but 4 songs from this one, are noisy and loudy, even for me. I love the feelings, emotions this album appears to have. Although not many tunes, but there's art and heart in there.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2005"
0,"Seriously, this band has NO talent. They are a complete Alice In Chains rip-off. The only people that think these guys are rock are stupid high school kids who don't know shit about music and wannabe rockers. This shit is poser and unoriginal. If you like this band you need to turn of the fucking radio listen to bands that actually have talent.",0,0,"Dec 31, 2006"
9,"This album is great. I may be a bit biased because I'm a Godsmack fanboy, but screw that. Mainstream critics mainly consist of morons, simply because if the fact some of them consider bands like Disturbed and Slipknot to be metal... A bit unrelated, but you get the point. How good the album is is an opinion, but as far as I'm concerned, this is the best Godsmack album yet. It has some of their best songs on it, such as I Stand Alone and Straight Out Of Line. The lyrics are somewhat repetitive, but that's pretty much it. The Awakening's the only problem I see with the album... =",0,0,"Jan 29, 2006"
10,"Everyone has different opinions on music and that's fine, but I absolutely love Godsmack. There music, lyrics and who they are as people help me out on personal level like nothing else has. I think they are unbelivable. I think Faceless is a wicked album and now with the addition of Shannon Larkin it just rocks even more. I love you guys so don't listen to any bad reviews.",0,0,"Mar 22, 2007"
10,"Godsmack is fucking awesome and you dumb fucks saying Godsmack is like Alice in Chains they sound nothing alike and apprently you have no taste for music Sully Erna writes lyrics that always make me want to jump up and fucking hit somebody its badass music Alica in Chains were also a great band i love Alice in Chains. This CD is awesome i like it just as much as the 1st album which is what made Godsmack stand out in the music world i play guitar i have an ear for music this is genuine, original, jamming, metal and yes they are a metal band for any idiots thinking it is rock n roll and yes Mastadon is a great band too but how do they push the envelope any more than Godsmack? Whatever all you people who think Godsmack is overrated and not original apparently are music dumb asses.",0,0,"Jan 31, 2008"
9,"This is one of the best Godsmack albums created yet.I hate it when critics give good bands a bad review because I would like to see them create their own album which most critics can't because they don't have the talent as most musicians.I hate it when people think Godsmack is an Alice In Chains rip-off because they are really nothing alike.Just because Godsmack got their name from the Alice In Chains song God Smack.And for the guy who said his balls dropped and learned that Godsmack sucked...go listen to your Lil' Wayne cause he sucks way more than Godsmack.",0,0,"Sep 29, 2008"
0,"I told my friend that I loved heavy metal, so he told me I would like Godsmack. Hahahahahahahano!",0,0,"Feb 14, 2009"
8,"Godsmack is one of the best heavy metal acts around, and 'Faceless' is one of the most enjoyable metal albums of the year. This is the kind of album that you would purchase for the singles, however, because of the lack of variations in the songs. Godsmack still rocks and 'Serenity' is a nice departure from the norm (although it's also a throwback to the ultimately better song, 'Voodoo' from their self-titled debut). Nothing on the CD is quite as potent as 'Whatever' or 'Alive', but it still sounds awesome, especially for fans of the group. A small sidenote: with the exception of the track, 'I F*cking Hate You', there is very little profanity on the record.",0,0,"Dec 15, 2003"
10,"Faceless is one of the greatest albums. Godsmack rocks. I saw them in concert in April and they rocked the house.",0,0,"May 16, 2003"
10,"This is one of the finest CD's in my collection. Rolling Stones is smoking some serious shit. That reviewer should just go back to his Britney Spears CDs if he wants to be happy. Re-Align (although simple...until the solo...) is one of the finest songs that I have ever heard. Some songs just don't get old and this is one of them. I can see myself headbanging to that song many years from now. Changes is another fine one. The inclusion of I Stand Alone made this an even better buy. If you like solid, hard rock (they did take some material from their previous effort but the new stuff more than makes up for it) then Faceless is definitely for you.",0,0,"Jul 13, 2003"
10,"the critics dont know shit . this is the all time best cd.",0,0,"Jul 16, 2003"
10,"this is a fucken good album",0,0,"Mar 17, 2005"
8,"kick ass album. super-heavy, crushing guitar riffs with great drumming, and sully erna's eerie howl. the lyrics can get a bit generic, though ('you made me out to be responsible for your self inflicted misery'), but the aforementioned meaty riffs and drumming more than make up for it. fuck the critics, this cd rocks.",0,0,"Apr 24, 2005"
0,"some guy earlier said only rock fans should review these types of bands. my friend shows a lack of rock and roll spirit. its generic, repetitive, unadventurous and boring. this is mainstream, mannufactured garbage. Real Rock music are bands that push the envelope like Mastodon, Isis, Jesu etc. unfortunately there is no place in the mainstream for these bands as most people are idiots. simple as....",0,0,"Oct 15, 2006"
8,"A very good Album, not as good as IV in my opinion but is still very good. Comparing Godsmack to Nickelback is a compliment in my opinion, i love both bands. Tell me, what is better then Godsmack for those of you who gave them a 0? Slipknot? Slayer? Pantera? All 0's compared to the power of the band and beautiful lyrcs of Sully",0,0,"Jan 28, 2007"
9,"Not their best, (that's IV), but there second best. These guys are heavier than Alice in Chains ever was, and Godsmack's albums are all better as a whole than any Alice in Chain's albums. They did not copy they got influence from a great band and ended up greater.",0,0,"Nov 21, 2008"
8,"Has good songs like 'Straight Out of Line' and 'Releasing the Demons'",0,0,"Jan 28, 2009"
0,"Honestly, does anyone over the age of 15 actually give a crap about this band?",0,0,"Nov 27, 2005"
1,"When this band finds a way to be original and create an album with depth they will be recognized as a legitamite band. Until then, they'll always be known as the band that copied Alice In Chains' formula to the very worst form of music.",0,0,"Dec 19, 2006"
9,"A fantastic album, it's brutal and fans of the band will highly enjoy, and if your a metal fan or a hard rock fan you will enjoy, a truly enjoyable album.",0,0,"Mar 29, 2011"
9,"Forward/Dont Stay (9.25) I really like this album alot as well as Hybrid Theory because I played it alot during my angry teenage phase. Even though I had alot less holes in my door than my friends. Anyway, the heavy guitar is awesome and the lyrics that deliver a angry tone really do a great job at setting the tone for the entire album.
Somewhere I Belong (9.25) This is probably one of my favorite mainstream track on the album that Linkin Park made into a video. I really identified with this song in my early years of college and how I didn't fit in to the binge drinking crowd. I really identify with the chorus (well did) and how it really changed my psyche and thinking in a good and bad way.
Lying From You (9) The main reason a gave this song a nine was because of the awesome chorus and how it really makes the song standout. Chester does a great job on it. Near the middle end, Shinoda does a great job laying some bars down and showing Linkin Park's execptional talent in the NuMetal genre.
Hit The Floor (8.5) This song does a good job at incorporating a good blend of rock and hip hop. It doesn't stand out as much as the tracks before this but it is still good and I probably couldn't do any better.
Easier To Run (9) This is my favorite track that is not as well known. It just has a great tone overall I think and the lyrics Shinoda drops really hit home with me. The harmonic screamo elements that Chester delivers also really makes me love this song alot. I really wish Linkin Park would have made an official music video for this track because I know their are unofficial ones out there or maybe I just missed it because I just checked on YouTube.
Faint (9.25) I think this track is the heaviest on the album and hits the hardest lyrically and instrumentally. Whoever is a Linkin Park fan should listen to the Dark Ambush Remix on YouTube. I hope Linkin Park doesn't get mad at me saying that but it is a great rendition of a already great track. Like usual, the screamo is great, and fist pumping in the music is awesome as well.
Figure.09 (9) First off, I am not giving this song a 9 because 9 is in the title of the song. The chorus is the main reason. Shinoda lays down a good display of lyric ability as well. Obviously when Chester starts screaming, is when everyone punches holes in their doors and stuff like that. Overall, the song has a good little loop and mainstream guitar song along with the ending which changes the note base.
Breaking The Habit (9) I bet alot of LPUnderground will be trippin and slippin about me giving this song an 9. But I really like my habits that I have formed for myself. Since I am a computer nerd I really don't get pleasure in the outdoors for more than a hour at a time, and I really don't like the weather being above 70 degrees. I just don't connect with the lyrics that's all.
From The Inside (9) What I really like about this track is the changes in tempo which really makes it unique to me. I really like the whole line of 'I won't waste myself on you.' It doesn't take a genius to correlate this line to the song 'Lost In The Echo' on Linkin Park's Living Things album.
Nobody's Listening (8) I think it's great they give this track a oriental flair and the lyric flow is great. I hope hip hop fans don't don't take my score as me saying I don't like rap/hip hop as much as rock music. I like them equal. #YinAndYang
Session (9.25) This joint is one of my favorite portions of the album because of how Linkin Park shows off there DJing skills. That's all I really have to say but I feel obligated to write more than two lines on all of my reviews on each song.
Numb (9) This track is so powerful to me and I really can identify with it. Especially the times when I couldn't get out of bed. I couldn't even describe the feeling. The serious part was for a couple of days and I thought I was going to die. #ClinicalDepression #Suicide #Homicide",1,1,"Aug  1, 2014"
9,"This album borders perfection, with a few details that I didn't personally like, but are no huge issue. Metal, nu metal, electronic, and heavy rock aspects combine to create Meteora, an album reaching out to fans of many different rock genres and aspects. I feel some of the hip hop style dropped the album down a  peg, but overall, it is great. Definitely worth a buy to those that have not yet done so.",1,1,"Mar 16, 2014"
10,"One of my favorite albums of all time, this is the album that made me a Linkin Park fan. Every song in this album is at the very least good, not a single bad tune. Hybrid Theory already established them as a good band, Meteora established them as one of the best nu metal bands out there. Don't Stay, Somewhere I Belong, Lying From You, Faint, Figure.09, Breaking The Habit & the best song in the album, Numb. I highly recommend this album to anyone who is a rock fan. It is the perfect Linkin Park album.",1,1,"Jun 24, 2014"
10,"In my personal opinion, this is the best album that has ever been made in music history. I understand the weight of that statement but it is something that is constantly reaffirmed when I listen to the album a tenth or eleventh time around. Without a doubt, it is the most emotional Linkin Park album produced. Hybrid Theory was a good debut album for them where anger,angst, and a new musical energy flowed so creatively throughout it. But in their follow up album, they kept all of that and drowned it in beautiful melody.  Instead of sounding like whining teenagers, the emotion came from something more and their maturity shined as a band compared to hybrid theory. Meteora spawned Don't Stay, Somewhere I Belong, Lying From You, Easier to Run, Faint, Breaking the Habit, From the Inside, Faint, Nobodys Listening, and the monster hit Numb. All songs that showcased the raw emotion of a band in their prime. I credit this album for peaking my peaking my overall interest into music and still remains the foundation of where my music taste comes from. I recommend this album to anyone and everyone. You will not be dissapointed.",1,1,"Feb 21, 2014"
9,"So **** dope album, second best album by them, losing to Hybrid Theory, of course. Nowadays, Linkin Park is on this electronic **** so, the rock gods predicted that and sent us this gift!!!!! Amazing album!!!!!!",1,1,"Apr 21, 2015"
10,"Foreword/Don't Stay: 10
Somewhere I Belong: 10
Lying From You: 10
Hit the Floor: 10
Easier to Run: 12
Faint: 10
Figure.09: 10
Breaking the Habit: 10
From The Inside: 10
Nobody's Listening: 10
Session: 10
Numb: 11
All out of 10.",1,1,"Oct 29, 2015"
10,"I loved it! This and Hybrid Theory are the best of Linkin Park! All songs are powerful with an amazing nu-metal sound. If you are a metal fan and you loved Hybrid Theory, then get ready for another masterpiece from Linkin Park.",1,1,"Mar 13, 2016"
10,"I've been a long time fan of LP and I believe this CD is a perfect follow up of 'Hybrid Theory' it certainly surpassed my expectations. I LOVED it the first time I bought it and just keep loving it more no matter what some critics say it's one of the best 15 some dollars I've spent. All I can say is that it's AWESOME musically and is unbelievable through it's art and emotions it evokes. -Keep Up that Magic LP",5,6,"Apr  9, 2003"
10,"Really good album! As the others LP's albuns, meteora was perfect! Hello from Brazil.",9,11,"May 24, 2009"
8,"While not perfect, Meteora is a really great album that I thought was even better than Hybrid Theory. One of very few albums where I actually liked every single song on the album.",4,5,"Sep 23, 2012"
10,"nice album LP",2,3,"Mar 27, 2003"
10,"Hated on so much yet its easily the best album LP has put out. Meteora is a hit from begining to end and it shows just how much you can evole from one album to the next.",2,3,"Nov 14, 2011"
10,"this albums awesome but still a bit monotonous because theres not much different between Hybrid Theory and it i give it an average review because of the awsome songs and the monotony in it sure you can keep your old sound but come on the same song structures from your previous album that''s to much 6/10",2,3,"Apr 24, 2011"
10,"What Rush of Blood is for Coldplay, Meteora is for Linkin Park - a second album that does not disappoint at all! Normally, I will run from screamo like it's the plague, but it's used really well here when it suits their tracks. To me it seems preposterous rap-metal could exist, but Shinoda is easily one of the best rappers in the business. His rapping style is devoid of so called 'swagger' and it talks to people and not at them. The lyrics are so relatable and meaningful and songwriters like these guys are hard to come by these days. The highlights of the album are Numb (a LP classic I might add), Breaking the Habit and Faint. Looks like I should be hanging out at Linkin Park more often!",2,3,"Jan 10, 2012"
10,"This is their Masterpiece
incredible Nu-metal linkin park's era work
i prefer this than hybrid theory, also amazing
I've been a fan of Linkin Park, but this album still sounds great audible",2,3,"Dec 12, 2013"
10,"Their second album it continues the quality from the first, definitely a classic",3,5,"May  6, 2008"
10,"this is the best LP cd ive ever heard so far. Its really awsome",1,2,"Apr  2, 2003"
10,"coOl alBuM!",1,2,"Mar 13, 2004"
10,"astonishing from beggining to end",1,2,"Mar 30, 2003"
10,"This is an astonishing follow-up to Hybrid Theory. Although the tracks may seem short, the album itself flows so smoothly, it would have been foolish for the band to lengthen the songs and throw off the rhythm. Never before has the world of Rock and Roll been more shaken than by the release of this album. A must-listen for any music lover!",1,2,"Jun 30, 2003"
10,"this album rocks make one just like it lp!",1,2,"Jun  9, 2003"
10,"It WAS GREAT, ESPECIALLY (FAINT)",1,2,"Aug  2, 2003"
10,"The new LP CD is really cool and it has even more orignality than all the others.",1,2,"Aug  5, 2003"
10,"I love everything about this album and Hybrid Theory. Linkin Park is by far my favorite!!! fyi boy bands all sing and don't play instruments duh!!!!!",1,2,"Feb  9, 2004"
10,"This is a damn awesome album, wonderfullly made.",1,2,"Oct  1, 2006"
10,"Quit complaining about LP sounding the same. AC/DC sounds the same on most records but nobody says anything about it..",1,2,"Oct  7, 2007"
10,"Great album!",1,2,"May 12, 2007"
10,"I was a bit disappointed by the first single on the radio, 'Somewhere I Belong,' because it sounded like it belonged on Hybrid Theory. In other words, it was nothing new. But upon listening to the whole album, I can confidently say that LP have grown musically; their Reanimation project have definitely made them more eclectic and explosive.",1,2,"Mar 28, 2003"
10,"This album is great and I think that it is as good as the first one.",1,2,"Apr  1, 2003"
10,"i love this cd! i listen to it all the time when i go running and it helps me keep beat",1,2,"Apr 12, 2003"
10,"This CD is totally awesome! I think that it is better than their last one! It has so many cool songs that I love! 'From the Inside' and 'Easier to Run' are my top favorites. 'Somewhere I Belong gets a little old if you listen to it a lot. But this CD desreves a 10. I listen to it all of the time, like RIGHT NOW!",1,2,"Apr 15, 2003"
10,"Not bad.",1,2,"Jan 28, 2006"
10,"This is an amazing album! I think Linkin Park has come a long way since their first album and will continue to progress gracefully in the music industries.",1,2,"Apr  3, 2003"
10,"Sticking true to the 'Linkin Park sound', Meteora delivers an unfufilling dose of musical geneous showing they're not going to be had by the sophomore slump. The contrats between each song and the elements which front the power are such that the songs are still cohesive and all for the album to sing a bigger picture than represented in the individual song. The 41-page book contained in the CD comes off a little self-glorifying, but when you've got so much to be proud of go ahead and flaunt it. :)",1,2,"Apr  3, 2003"
10,"I tohought tyhis album was awsome. whoever gave it a zero-five must not like linkin park that much nad must be fucked up.",1,2,"Jun 23, 2003"
10,"Great album, well put together sonically, and a satisfying listen beginning to end.",1,2,"Jun 30, 2007"
7,"Hybrid Theory was a little bit better, but Meteora is still a very good album. Although many tracks sound similar to each other, I really enjoyed almost all of the songs here.",1,2,"Aug 17, 2010"
10,"Second greatest numetal album before hybrid theory of course.Agressive, meaningful lyrics and an amazing voice from chester it really deserved some grammy awards.",1,2,"Aug  9, 2011"
8,"Meteora has some really great songs on it like Numb and Faint, but it has some songs that are just ok like Nobody's Listening and Don't Stay, all in all it seems like there trying to keep some of the heavier style from Hybrid Theory, while trying to make a softer side known, do to this the cd seems kind of like it doesn't know what it wants to be, and it has some less than great tracks, this is still a cd I would recommend if you enjoyed the first.",1,2,"Feb 20, 2011"
8,"A damn fine album that contines the anger and lyrical themes of Linkin Parks first album, Hybrid Theroy as well as using as little swearing as possible.",1,2,"Jun 28, 2012"
10,"Omg an 8.3? more like a 12.3. This album is just as good as Hybrid Theory so as many of u (should) know, this album is flippin awsome. Linkin Park has marked themselves as one of the greatest music artist today.",1,2,"Jun 23, 2012"
10,"Is there really something to say about this that isn't perfect? From the beginning, LP does it even better than Hybrid Theory. Ignore the track ''Forgotten'' at the beginning. The whole album is pure art, still, not for everyone. And yes, the album is softer than Hybrid Theory, but better than it.",1,2,"Oct 14, 2011"
8,"Hybrid theory was just perfect, it was the first piece of music i ever got to own ( a casette recorded by my sister :D) and today after years its still impressive to listen to...meteora  is a good album, sad that mtm and ats got to be garbage...the rap and the electro fits perfect, some of their sounds are really tight and just make your body move...but still the texts are far from 'pickly teenage crap', like the little haters with 0-rates say, there is a lot of heart in chesters texts, and his way of shouting his feelings out into the world is great and fun to listen to...a must have album in my opinion, even if it doesnt get to the strength of Hybrid Theory",1,2,"Dec 31, 2011"
10,"best **** linkin park album its so amazing and kick ass. if you don't like this album your like gay or something. like all the songs are **** amazing!",1,2,"Feb 29, 2012"
9,"IMO its the best Linkin Park album hands down. Every track on here is great, Even the instrumental. I loved this album and it is a must listen for any new fans of LP.",1,2,"Jan 13, 2012"
8,"88/100
Here and there songs, but still a very good album. There was three songs that caught me and got it its review now, and those where Numb, Faint, and Somewhere  I belong, very good songs.",1,2,"Jun 21, 2012"
10,"By far the best Linkin Park LP ever! I really love every song in it, but my absolute favorite is 'Breaking The Habits'! Linkin Park forever...",1,2,"Feb  8, 2012"
10,"Hands down my FAVORITE Linkin Park album!  Their 2003 album Meteora has everything from substance, solid lyrical content, to seamless song to song transition.  I can relate to every single song on this album, and whenever I listen to it I usually listen to every song in a row.  Meteora isn't as heavy as Hybrid Theory, but it is more balanced which is a good thing.  Hybrid Theory is second best and Living Things comes really close at third in my opinion.  Great album!",1,2,"Jul  2, 2012"
10,"awesome! this is the best linkin park album ever. even 'figure.09' and 'hit the floor' sounds poor, 'faint', 'numb' and 'somewhere i belong' is the song you need to hear before you die.",1,2,"Jul 23, 2012"
10,"I loved 'Numb' and 'Faint', I listened to them all the time in the past, and still do to this day, just not as often, I didn't really like 'Lying from you' but the rest were sublime, and its a real shame that Linkin Park's music today is nowhere near as good as this album.",1,2,"Aug  8, 2012"
10,"This album was rap metals Abbey Road, successfully combining hip hops beat with hard rock's beautifully simple guitar cords. The distorted guitars smash into the listeners ears, and leaves you in Linkin Parks version of Aesthetic Arrest. The vocals, as always, are the most noticeable part of Linkin Parks performance. Mike Shinoda, the bands MC, is the bands clear leader and connects everything nicely. Chester Bennington, while not great at any one thing, is amazingly multitalented and can go from singing high notes to screaming two or maybe three at a time. All in all, if your into modern rock, or want to try something different, then Meteora is definitely worth a try. If you are into rap metal, you will absolutely love Meteora.",1,2,"Dec  3, 2012"
10,"Meteora picks up from where Hybrid Theory left off, and manages to be one of the rare albums on which every track is worth a listen. I believe that there is no problem in continuing with a previously used musical style, as long as it is good enough, and Meteora certainly is. The tracks are short and to-the-point, and the music is a stunning blend of rap and nu metal. 'Numb', 'Faint' and 'Breaking The Habit' are highlights, while 'Hit The Floor' and 'Don't Stay' showcase the heavier side of the band. Meteora is truly the epitome of the 'Classic Linkin Park' sound.",1,2,"Sep 12, 2013"
10,"I love Linkin Park, and I love every song on this album. They are all amazing, the sound is superb and mysterious. They tried a lot of different things on this album, and succeeded amazingly. This album is tied for my #1 favorite album, keep on rocking Linkin Park, 10/10",1,2,"Dec 23, 2013"
9,"I consider it an excellent album. it shows much more experimentation in their sound to include effects of industrial metal and electronica.
never missing the voices of Chester Bennington full of suffering and anger and mike shinoda sinister raps.
I give it an 9 because there is a song that does not convince much but the rest of the album is a masterpiece compared to recent projects Linkin Park losing the original aesthetic that us fans want in the band.",1,2,"Dec 17, 2013"
10,"What separates Meteora from other Nu Metal / Rap-Metal acts is it's wonderful ability of being able to survive countless listens and never becoming tired.",1,3,"Jun 27, 2012"
6,"This is an album of singles, radio-ready, three minute songs that, while most are enjoyable for fans of the genre, blend together a bit and can leave you wanting something more.  Still, there are some that stand out; particularly Numb (simply amazing in every possible way), Easier to Run (great blend of rap and rock), and Breaking the Habit (in my opinion the best song Linkin Park has ever made), and make Meteora special.",1,3,"Sep 12, 2011"
4,"The album has few good tracks that are Somewhere i belong, Numb and Breaking The Habit rest all the album is just a considerable squeal to Hybrid Theory which to me came as mixed record..............they are now being considered a band of fame...................Living Things is Better",1,6,"Jun 29, 2012"
0,"piece of shit money grab kiddie crap. I feel sorry for you guys who buy this stuff, this modern music is reaching a critical mass just like hair bands in the 80's did. Go buy a good new cd like AFI's Sing the Sorrow",0,5,"Apr  6, 2003"
4,"More vague, bland, meaningless lyrics.",0,4,"Jul 10, 2003"
0,"They're So Suck",0,6,"Jul 10, 2003"
0,"sux",0,6,"Mar  5, 2005"
8,"I like rap-metal instrumentals, used in this album. Boys can sing better, but I don't mind some of their mistakes. After Reanimation this album makes it go better.",0,2,"Apr 30, 2005"
7,"Lot of agression...but still average",0,2,"Jan 28, 2006"
8,"Well, it's an awesome CD, I'm sure a lot of these songs will be radio hits, but it's only 36 minutes long. I wait around after it's over wishing there was more.",0,2,"Mar 26, 2003"
8,"Not as good as Hybrid theory, but overall this album delivers what you would expect from a band like linkin park.",0,2,"Mar 27, 2003"
10,"It's a great cd! I love it!! Whoever gives it a 0 is a big pile of shit-aki mushrooms.",0,1,"Apr 18, 2003"
9,"A great follow-up to Hybrid Theory. Linkin Park avoids the 'sophomore curse'...this album is a work of art. Amazing.",0,1,"Apr  1, 2003"
0,"Christ, these kids should be jailed.",0,5,"Apr 21, 2003"
10,"this album kicks ass.. if your not looking for some new inventions or something",0,1,"Apr  2, 2003"
10,"Chester's vocie must be raw by now. GOD YOU GUYS RULE!!!!!!",0,1,"Apr  2, 2003"
10,"Better than Hybrid Theory.",0,1,"Apr 26, 2003"
10,"It is great! It is better than Hybrid Theory in my opinion. It has more rock, and the rap is still there!",0,1,"Apr  2, 2003"
10,"A brilliant cd. 'Breaking the habit' is just awesome, as are 'Numb', 'Easier to run' and everything else. Run, grab your copy now!",0,1,"Apr 28, 2003"
10,"Awesome album! Faint is my favorite, but all of the tracks are creative and well produced.",0,1,"Apr  5, 2003"
10,"It rocks Out loud",0,1,"Apr  7, 2003"
10,"It rocks Out loud",0,1,"Apr  7, 2003"
10,"When I first listened to Meteora, I thought it wasn't nearly as good as Hybrid Theory. But the new songs grow on you a whole lot, and soon rise to the same if not greater levels than those on the first CD, especially 'Somewhere I Belong' and 'From the Inside.' Linkin Park has an awesome style that is unique yet also very familiar, and no other band can quite match it. Anyone who liked Hybrid Theory should get this album immediately.",0,1,"Apr  8, 2003"
10,"It's cool",0,1,"Apr  8, 2003"
9,"Its a very good cd (unless you don't like the way tey make their music...) and almost every track is good (somewhere, hit the floor , easier, faint, breaking the habit, numb) Even my mother likes Linkin Park now!! Doesn't that say something?? I you don't agree buy Hybrid Theory or Britney...",0,1,"Jun 24, 2003"
10,"i thought it was a spectacular piece of music they put together",0,1,"Jun  3, 2003"
10,"I love it to death. It rocks, it's angry (like me!) and my favorite is definitely 'faint'. yeah, I love you, LP!!!!!",0,1,"Jun  3, 2003"
10,"It's perfect and i think that everyone who loved Hibryd Theory has to listen this album because it's GREAT!",0,1,"Aug  3, 2003"
10,"it is the best cd ever made and it's true it's so great",0,2,"Aug  7, 2003"
10,"Meteora is by far the best album I ever heard in my life. Hearing it for the first time, my reaction was slightly disappointed. But after actually listening to it the second time, I loved it. Meteora is alot more inspirational, ambitous, and important then Hybrid Theory. Don't get me wrong, I love the first album with its great lyrics, melodies, and intensity. I think Meteora has more of a meaning with its more incredible lyrics and better instrumentation. Even though the album is shorter then Hybrid Theory, I think it is better that way because it gives Meteora a sort of meaningful and and 'work of art' vibe. Linkin Park new what they were doing with this record and did a fantastic job at it. If your down with the LP I strongly recommend you buy this album, you won't regret it. I guarantee you!",0,1,"Sep  6, 2003"
10,"Candy & Pookie thinks this record is the s**t !! Go buy it now you mofo!!!!",0,1,"Jan  7, 2004"
10,"Great album I like it as much as Hybrid Theory!!! Linkin Park is the chiznitt",0,1,"Feb 10, 2004"
10,"this album is great 2 listen 2",0,1,"Mar 17, 2004"
5,"its ok but it aint that gud",0,8,"Mar 17, 2004"
8,"This CD is realy great...",0,1,"Aug  5, 2004"
9,"A brilliant cd with good extras I especially like the screensaver the only real let down is the length but maybe the shortness is a good thing.",0,1,"Aug  7, 2004"
10,"it's the best thing since cup noodles",0,1,"Oct 28, 2005"
10,"Linkin Park rules!! Anyone who disagrees, don't know anything about music. This is just one of those records that you're like 'wow, this is great stuff!' LP Rules forever!",0,1,"Jan  5, 2005"
9,"If you liked the first one you'll like the second one. While not necessarily THE MOST talented musicans in the world, they can hold their own. If you are a musician you wont be very impressed by the simplicity of this band. However, if Frank Zappa's sheet music means nothing to you, go buy Meterioa and love it for all it's glory.",0,1,"Mar 28, 2005"
9,"This album offers a different style of songs but still manages to give off a rebellious vibe that keeps listeners coming back for more. I think this CD is as good, if not better than, Hybrid Theory.",0,1,"Mar 30, 2005"
0,"Forettable, forgettable, and even more forgettable. Hybrid Theory showed a lot of potential, but Meteora is a pile of garbage. The boys can't sing, the lyrics are very lame, and LP is overhyped. The critics got this right. It is repetitive and a total ripoff. Do not buy this. Buying this will support the band and encourage them to make even more cr4ppy albums in the future. LP's Meteora just plain sucks.",0,3,"Apr  9, 2005"
3,"Only one good song 'Numb' - resembles they're artistic ways. It doesn't seem that the band learned something over the 2-year from 'Hybrid Theory'. It doesn't good really.",0,3,"Jun 17, 2005"
4,"Theyre mixing rock (great) rap (ok) and dance (terrible) and it doesnt work....very well.",0,4,"Mar 26, 2006"
9,"A great addition to any fan of Linkin Parks CD collection, but they should have just named it Hybrid Theory Part 2. Not saying thats a bad thing Linkin Park sounds great but when i listened to both CD's back-to-back i couldn't tell when one finished and the other began (only reason this didn't get a ten).",0,1,"Aug  4, 2007"
9,"Awesome! The production is slamming.",0,1,"Sep  8, 2007"
10,"Fantastic album! It's maybe not as heavy as their first album, and more electronical. I especially like Lying From You and Figure.09. The art in the booklet is cool but the cover is not that beautiful. Still this album gets 10 points by me.",0,1,"Jan 29, 2008"
0,"terrible, boring. what a yawn",0,1,"Jun 19, 2003"
10,"I like Cave In a lot, and this album is really great, my favorites.. anchor and jupiter",0,0,"Sep 27, 2003"
7,"This album would get a 10 if it was unpolished... it sounds too clean, and too refined. Try it as a live album... do it again without Rich Costey! Please... if not for me, for everyone who shares my disappointment. thanks. Chris",0,0,"Aug 24, 2004"
10,"Excellent album . . . they have quickly become one of my favorite bands. Also get Jupiter and Tides of Tomorrow.",0,0,"Nov 24, 2003"
9,"this album rocks, it is not as spacey as jupiter and not as happy as tides of tomorrow. all 3 are great albums however, better than most of the crap out there today",0,0,"Sep 25, 2003"
10,"cave in kills me",0,0,"Apr  7, 2003"
10,"I have and will most likely always be a cave in fan. Brodsky and the boys have done an amaing job with this cd. quite possiblytheir best yet.",0,0,"Mar 18, 2003"
10,"It sounds clean, and I don't care with such great songs. Joy Opposites brings the songcraft of Radiohead to mind, Inspire would be a hitsingle in a perfect world and Lost In The Air reminds me of Smashing Pumpkins' 'Muzzle'... But in fact the whole album is a gem",0,0,"Aug  8, 2005"
7,"Not nearly as great as previous 'Jupiter'. Cave-In is definitely gearing more towards the mainstream sound, but nonetheless a good album.",0,0,"Mar 24, 2003"
7,"I'm okay with bands changing their sound as long as the result shows soul and imagination. That's mostly true here, even on songs that at first blush sound  fairly generic ('Stained Silver', 'Beautiful Son', 'Youth Overrided', 'Breath of Water'). Too much of the rest is generic radio rock ('Inspire', 'Anchor', 'Joy Opposites', 'Lost in the Air', 'Woodwork')  that is competent but passionless.,",0,0,"Jun 13, 2011"
10,"fuck crimes",1,1,"Feb  5, 2006"
3,"Even the open minded will want to throw this CD out of the window and run for their dear little lives. I hung in there for the most part, and had a good laugh or two, but in the end, this album fails to leave a mark (or should I say: skidmark) on the map. Does it rock? Dear God yes. And if 'Rawkin'' is your sole criteria in buying music, look no further, you have found it. This album rocks so hard that my mind is still numb from the experience. But the album ultimately fails from a lack of variety in songs. Quite simply, every song sounds the same, and the end result is 40 minutes of hammering on your skull. It is headache inducing dribble. Avoid it. If you're looking to shock the bleep out of your friends, this CD would work, but may I suggest: 'MC HellSh**'. Now, THAT'S entertainment.",1,1,"Apr 24, 2003"
7,"This album is great but it doesn't match the originality and creativity they fuse together on their later effort, Crimes.",0,1,"Aug 16, 2006"
10,"awesome scope and musical skill, a truely incendary realese, punk lives!!!!!! the best fucking album i own!",0,0,"Oct  5, 2003"
9,"You must listen more than once to understand what's happening with this band. Most artistic/cohesive-amid-chaos album I've heard...ever.",0,0,"May 13, 2003"
10,"this album is AMAZING! they're amazing live too. people need to open their minds to others shades of music and realize that just because its chaotic doesnt mean their all hyped up on drugs and just screaming. they're lyrics are unbelievable!! (in a real good way)",0,0,"May 14, 2003"
9,"some of the songs dont do it for me, but overall its incredable. the shame may be the best track thus far in 2003. also, see them live and youll enjoy it even more.",0,0,"May  2, 2003"
10,"This is the best punk CD of 2003, hands down. It swings from brutal hardcore to lyrical melody without warning, the lyrics are wonderfully surreal and the production value actually adds to the music. Frighteningly creative, this disc is shifts from dream to nightmare and back like a spastic on LSD. bulemic ranibows vomit what??? burn, piano island, burn!!!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Jun 26, 2003"
10,"i'd give it and 11 if i could",0,0,"Sep  8, 2004"
10,"This Band is everywhere, the drumming is scattered, guitars are spinning and swrriving vocals are doubled. Everything is all crazin like a nascar wreck that spins out of control and flipps over and over and over until it hits us in the face. As Many times as ive listened to this album, they would all be dead. Absolutely Great!",0,0,"Mar 10, 2005"
10,"This band sounds like that part of American History X where the dude bites the pavement. You dont want to look, but you know that if you miss it you wont be able to hold intelligent conversation with a film fan ever again. If you like music of any guitar and drums based variety this album should scream, tear and maul its way into your collection. This is massivley hardcore music performed with sould and real feeling. So many bands pretend to be harder than they are but with no compromise Blood Brothers deliver spine cracking songs on after the other. Buy this album. You might be scared at first, shocked or even horrified. Its not run of the mill angry metal fodder but is miles and miles ahead of anything else that is going on. Love this band. Please.",0,0,"Jun 28, 2005"
10,"so much fun to just spaz out to while listening to since the music fits my state of mind perfectly",0,0,"May 20, 2003"
10,"This is a beautiful album. It may be somewhat of an aquired taste, but once you've listened to it twice, your hooked. I suppose some of the songs do sound a bit alike, if you're partially deaf in both ears... but if you actually listen to it with an open mind, you'll find it surprisingly warming and pleasantly delicious. I'd absolutely recommend you ATLEAST give it a shot. If you dont like it, oh well. If you do, more power to ya buddy.",0,0,"May  4, 2003"
10,"This album, to me, break many bars and will be looked at as a very big part of music trend setting. saddly though, i dont believe it will get the credit for doing so.",0,0,"May  6, 2003"
9,"this record is very awsome but i have heard more hardcore in orchid",0,0,"Jun 19, 2003"
10,"The best album i have ever heard. I now own every cd by the blood brothers. Buy this record",0,0,"Sep 27, 2003"
10,"A massive 10. This is the baws.",0,0,"Jun 12, 2004"
10,"I am very stingy with my perfect scores but this is a case where it is certainly deserved. I am not aware of a precedent for this music. I am sure the band is influenced by the Residents and Captain Beefheart likeminded avants at heart and have paired it with the DC hardcore of Bad Brains, Minor Threat etc. However, I can",0,0,"Sep  6, 2005"
10,"An album with this type of music can not sound better than what the blood brothers did with 'burn piano island, burn.'",0,0,"Sep 25, 2007"
10,"This is the best CD I own. Not one bad thing to say about this CD. This is how real 'hardcore'or 'punk', or whatever you wanna call should be done.",0,0,"Dec 22, 2003"
10,"This is definitly an album that defies all classifications. It throws punk, hardcore, reggae, samba, and anything you else you can think of into a cauldron and lets it simmer to the listener's delite.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2003"
10,"if you like punk rock, indi, emo, or SCREAMO you need to get this album now, when you lesion to is album in your room it will break down you walls and blow your mind away",0,0,"Jul 24, 2003"
10,"this album will kick the **** out of you! lyricaly, and instrumentaly. if you sample it, and decide to go buy it. i highly recommend that you also pick up 'march on electric children' also by the blood brothers. both intelligent, and well put together albums.",0,0,"Sep 25, 2010"
8,"Very interesting layout of time signatures that overlap.",0,0,"Mar 10, 2003"
9,"this is one of their best from start to finish. definitley one for the collection of any metal fan Ministry still has what it takes KICK ASS",0,0,"May  9, 2003"
3,"Am I the only one here who thinks this LP is weak? Ministry's last good album was 'Filth Pig', now they are only repeating themselves. No single new idea on this album. Regression. I'm old Ministry fan and still I want progression, not recycling old ideas.",0,0,"Jul 30, 2003"
10,"this album is bad ass! this has got to be one of ministry best releases to date.if you haven't already go out and buy this album you will not be dissapointed.",0,0,"Feb 22, 2003"
10,"This is a great album from industrial's grandpa of rock. Do youself a favour. Buy this disc, then the live dvd, work your way back into Ministry's sonic napalm.",0,0,"Mar  3, 2003"
8,"after real good god rock is dead what else should we all dead souls expect. its good",0,0,"Feb 23, 2003"
10,"unlike most bands they refuse to fade out and become boring. the only question i have is whether trent reznor will attempt to copy this album like he has previous ministry albums.",0,0,"Mar 21, 2003"
10,"no. 1 for me !!! YES !",0,0,"Jun 12, 2003"
7,"It's not their best work,but it should please any Ministry fan...",0,0,"Sep  7, 2004"
10,"Ministry is back!! woohoo",0,0,"Feb 24, 2003"
10,"highly anticipated by fans and a world in shambles alike... what better time for a ministry album, and of such quality, much more on the filth pig formula of ministry (guitars, bass, drums), but deffinately less drug induced... also includes one purely 'old school' track at the end to please the purists... support your local misanthropist, buy this album",0,0,"May 22, 2003"
10,"PERFECT!!!",1,1,"Apr 10, 2003"
5,"This was not as good as I expected.  It's no TOXICITY, but it's fun, crazy, and insane.  I love System of a Down.  They're so great and amazing.  No doubt about it.",1,1,"Sep 10, 2011"
3,"A better than average nu-metal album, but still horrible compared to a lot of rock still out there today (especially progressive).",0,1,"Jan 19, 2003"
10,"Great! It's even a little bit better than 'Toxicity'...",0,0,"Oct  6, 2003"
10,"Brilliant, got it the day it came out but they left out a few tracks like Johny, Temper and Metro",0,0,"Aug 20, 2003"
10,"This is S.O.A.D. second best album",0,0,"Jan  6, 2003"
9,"It's nuttier than their self-titled debut and heavier than Toxicity. Possibly their best all-round album.",0,0,"Oct  9, 2005"
8,"I think the System of a Down albums go from best to worst by their first to last, with the exception of Hypnotize, it was a better album than Mezmerize. This is probaly one of their most political albums they put, this album isnt as metal as their first 2, but very good.",0,0,"Aug  7, 2006"
7,"I had the original tracks before they were released, and this, as a whole, stays true to the original idea. There are quite a few tweaks here, some of which are counter-productive. I was especially dissapointed by 'Thetawaves' which was originally titled 'waiting [for you].' The remixed/remastered version is a tragedy to the great original. Get 'waiting' off of Kazaa as soon as you can and compare it to the crappy 'thetwaves' and you'll see why this album did not live upto its potential.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2002"
9,"damn good even for scraps. outshines a lot of other bands proper albums.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2002"
10,"Like playlouder said, this could be one of the most important albums of the upcoming year. Although I am still having a bit of trouble getting all the lyrics because of Serj Tankian's dynamic vocals, this album seems to be a mix of political, emotional and fun. Great album, I love these guys. Definitely the best rock band out now by far.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2002"
10,"fuking rules",0,0,"Dec  4, 2002"
10,"better than toxicity, but still not quite as good as the original, self-titled album.",0,0,"Dec  7, 2002"
10,"The best album of the last 100 years. SOAD is in FIRE. Listen this music is Ferique.",0,0,"Jan  4, 2003"
7,"its a good cd but not as good as the 1st cd",0,0,"Jan  5, 2003"
10,"this is my fav system cd ever man but what about your song metro that song is like the shit man thats a great song anyways you guys are great at what you do rock hard man hey surje is the man and oddajian your realy cool to man hey all you guys are hardcore man well thats all i gota say geep pumpin you those sic rimes man.",0,0,"Jan  7, 2003"
10,"Another triumph for music!!! Thanks for being unique and so varied!!",0,0,"Jan  8, 2003"
10,"This album rulzzzz and so does toxicity. They're both great.",0,0,"Mar 29, 2003"
10,"awesome as usual...",0,0,"Apr 13, 2003"
10,"So freakin' wonderful!!!",0,0,"May 11, 2003"
9,"GREAT ALBUM!!!!gran albun!!!!...But i like more the first and toxicity...but iam very happy ...with this band..!!!!!!",0,0,"Jun  3, 2003"
10,"This band is the best because they got kick ass music.",0,0,"Oct  7, 2005"
10,"Best Album made by SOAD, it's a real good step up from Toxicity, extremely catchy!",0,0,"Apr  6, 2006"
8,"Although it's not their best album, 'Steal This Album!' still rocks unbelievably hard! The only thing that keeps this album out of the class of Toxicity, Mesmerize and Hypnotize is that it doesn't quite... blend as well as the band's other albums. That said, this is still fantastic stuff!",0,0,"Sep  6, 2006"
9,"an outstanding collection of b-sides- far better than what most bands would call their A-material. this album is more experimental and has a lot more depth than toxicity in my opinion, and its lyrics are able to explore many more avenues than toxicty. I dont think anything comes close to the raw, frenetic anger of their self-titled album, but this album, with its creative infusion oF heavy riffs, progressive style and inspired vocals, does do great justice to the band. top stuff!",0,0,"Dec 24, 2002"
10,"This album is great!! Each song has it's own uniqueness that gives the album an awesome sound.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2002"
8,"Not quite as good as the last album...but amazing none the less.",0,0,"Dec 30, 2002"
10,"This is System in their finest jam session ever. Not yet enough as organized as a complete album, but fine jamming material indeed.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2002"
9,"Steal this album is an amazing album by itself rather than addition to Toxicity. Totally ROCKS",0,0,"Dec  3, 2002"
10,"System is always true to their style of music, they may be wierd, but true fans can appreciate the hard, but melodic songs that they put out. The songs not only display talent, but they put out messages that the band wants to put out without conforming. They are a great band and I hope to see them in a smaller show again like maybe at Roseland where true fans can show up, go f'in crazy, and show true appreciation to the band unlike New Jersey did at ozzfest.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2002"
10,"The best album I've never seen!!!",0,0,"Dec  5, 2002"
10,"Rock on dudes!",0,0,"Dec  7, 2002"
10,"this album by far is the best",0,0,"Dec  7, 2002"
10,"this is system's best album yet",0,0,"Dec  8, 2002"
8,"Tracks 1-9 are fantastic (with the exception of Mr Jack) and then it all goes downhill (except fuck the system)",0,0,"Jan 13, 2003"
10,"This cd is phenomenal! SOAD kicks ass!",0,0,"Feb 16, 2003"
10,"the album is kickass whoever don't think so suck cock",0,0,"Mar  1, 2003"
10,"this cd kicks ass",0,0,"Mar 14, 2003"
10,"its as good as everyone of their albums",0,0,"Mar 19, 2003"
10,"This album is a musical masterpiece. No one that dislike this music can comprehend it. They are so more advanced than the droning sounds of 80's metal. The future is here.",0,0,"Mar 21, 2003"
10,"wicked",0,0,"Mar 31, 2003"
10,"I think this is the one, the best album that SOAD has ever made.",0,0,"Apr  4, 2003"
8,"So is Blender's review positive or negative?",0,0,"Apr 19, 2004"
7,"This Albulm showed system's ageing. They sounded like they ran out of ideas, like singing about food (they must have been hungry), but i really enjoyed their medelic songs like streamline and mr. jack. so they should chill out with the screamn' and the yelling because serj has a great voice for melodies.",0,0,"Apr 21, 2004"
10,"This is the latest and greatest yet!! Can't wait until their next album!!",0,0,"Apr  2, 2004"
10,"This is System's best album!",0,0,"Sep 19, 2004"
10,"This is my favorite System album. The songs are crazy as ever in this album. Very fun to listen to.",0,0,"Jul 25, 2006"
8,"System of a Down are so good... bottom line.",0,0,"Oct 31, 2007"
10,"Not as deep, but strong. Really strong.",0,0,"Apr 16, 2007"
10,"System of a Down are definitely the greatest band of all time. Each album brings something new to the table, and what they do bring is always amazing. 'Steal This Album!' does not fail to impress, and always leaves you wanting to start the CD over again. Each song is memorable, and you cannot listen to a song, and not hum the tune of the next one when it is finished.",0,0,"Apr 28, 2009"
10,"Steal This Album hold the same high standard as Toxicity.",0,0,"Dec 15, 2002"
10,"This album rocks!!! The best album they made so far and I bet there are many more to come.",0,0,"Dec 20, 2002"
10,"System of a Down rules. And the new cd is as good as the last one.",0,0,"Dec 22, 2002"
10,"This album is the shiznit son. I heard S.o.a.d made 3 c.ds and released them at the same time they released steal this album. System of a Down is by far the best c.d. iv'e listened to in a long time.",0,0,"Dec 26, 2002"
10,"excellent collection, glad the leftovers were released",0,0,"Dec  4, 2002"
10,"This Album ROCKS!!!",0,0,"Dec  4, 2002"
9,"Fans of System's more eccentric stuff will find more to love here. Many tracks rival, if not surpass, those that ended up on Toxicity. One of the best B-side albums I've ever heard.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2002"
10,"Nut Juice",0,0,"Dec  6, 2002"
10,"I Fling Poo & System plays good s#!t",0,0,"Dec  6, 2002"
10,"this album, outtakes or not, is as good if not better than both of the other system of a down cd's. it is amazing.",0,0,"Dec  6, 2002"
10,"This cd rocks. Its about time they have a new one. I dont like the fact how the cd doesnt have a cover or anything, and i want the lyrics but i dont understand how ur soposed to get them.",0,0,"Dec  7, 2002"
10,"This is A Kickass Follow Up Cd For S.O.A.D... All you critics Suck! Buh Buh Buh Buhhhh",0,0,"Dec  7, 2002"
10,"you critics suck big **** this album not only shows that some artists really do give a toss about life and not just pot and sex. If you think this album sucks then you wouldnt know fuking great sounds if they blew your ear drums. GO SOAD YOU ROCK",0,0,"Jan 17, 2003"
10,"This album is awesome!",0,0,"Feb 24, 2003"
10,"i love this CD! i listen to it before i go to sleep! and like... i mean i rarrilly listen to secular music, but this i listen to! wow! i love it!",0,0,"Mar 23, 2003"
10,"This CD Kicks ass. S.O.A.D rocks!!",0,0,"Mar 28, 2003"
10,"It's almost as good as Toxicity, but I'd still give this a 10 cos this is one of the greatest albums ever",0,0,"Jul 29, 2003"
9,"Amazing! Kicks Toxicity in the back side really hard but is unfortunatly left behind from a 10 because it has no real AAA songs like Chop Suey or Toxicity",0,0,"Oct 21, 2004"
10,"whoever says that this is not a true follow up to the great toxicity is a fool! By far system's best album",0,0,"Nov 17, 2005"
8,"Good, but not their best.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2005"
10,"Maybe their best album...",0,0,"May 12, 2006"
10,"It's an awesome cd and my favourite album of the year. I saw them before in concert and I hope to see them again ,but this time performing all songs off of 'Steal This Album!' Another great album by this band. Go System!!!!!",0,0,"Dec 14, 2002"
10,"Its really cool and exciting.The first song i find pretty funny.",0,0,"Dec 31, 2002"
7,"Very addictive, by far systems",0,0,"Nov 15, 2005"
10,"I didn't care for this album much when it was released. I think I expected something a little more along the lines of Toxicity. Going back and listening to it without any positive nostalgia has definitely changed my opinion. The whole album is absolutely solid and a joy to listen to. Favorites include A.D.D., Boom, and Mr. Jack.",0,0,"May 14, 2014"
7,"I didnt like it as much as I did as their previous album but it shows how much System has come into their own sound and how much they have changed as well.",0,0,"Nov 24, 2011"
9,"This album is amazing, it has some really good stuff in it but it's not my favourite, regardless this album is great and a must for metal-heads alike.",0,0,"Dec 30, 2010"
8,"This is one of my favorite SOAD records. This record is much better than their two recent albums. Toxicity is better but this one is great also.",0,0,"Jan 20, 2011"
9,"Possible the best SOAD album, combining their criticisms of society (Boom!, A.D.D.) with the unusual, unorthodox style that makes them hard to properly categorize (36, Bubbles). Each song is criminally catchy and covers a wide range of themes; from paranoia to global atrocities to just about everything in between. A crazy but confident album.",0,0,"Jun 27, 2011"
6,"It was ok. I did like some tracks but most of them I didnt. System re-invented themselves once again and it proves that no matter what, You can always find a new sound and I think it works well for them.",0,0,"Nov 29, 2011"
10,"The best system of a down album",0,0,"Mar  5, 2012"
6,"System of a Down's worst album, it's still a decent album that anyone could listen to but it sounds repetitive and it's definitely not in the same league as their eponymous album, Toxicity or Mezmerize.",0,0,"Apr 21, 2012"
9,"Undoubtedly SOAD's best album, being a perfect blend of their softer side and their kick-ass heavy metal originality. Extremely underrated. As a fan, this is their best.",0,0,"Jul 11, 2015"
10,"Thought-Provoking, Disturbed show their versatility with the more contemplative approach. Anyone whos does not look beyond the superficial messages are intelectually challenged. Disturbed - paving the way for great things to come",2,2,"Dec 14, 2002"
9,"Probably the most perfect mainstream metal album to come out in a looooong time. Though at times it is a bit monotonous as, quite frankly, there isn't a weak track on the album except for Liberate. It's difficult to sift through them sometimes because they're all awesome, but at the same time it's a really good listen.",1,1,"Sep 21, 2009"
9,"'Believe' is aCD that gets better with each listen, so be careful not to misjudge it.  When I first heard it, every track sounded the same.  Now I am able to see the diversity in the album.  My favorite tracks are 'Prayer', 'Believe', 'Intoxication', and 'Bound'.  There are no bad tracks.  Great album that any hard rock fan will enjoy.",1,1,"Nov 20, 2011"
7,"Not my favorite album, it is at the bottom of my disturbed album list my list goes like this1. The sickness2. Asylum3. 10,000 fists4. Indestructible5. Believe",1,1,"Oct 25, 2010"
10,"This album was written in memory of David Draiman's (vocals) grandfather.  The entire album contains very deep lyrics and is a little less heavy than Disturbed's other albums, but fantastic nonetheless.  I personally recommend 'Rise,' 'Prayer,' and 'Believe' as my favorite songs off of this album.",1,1,"Dec 25, 2011"
10,"10/10 ................................................................................................................................................",1,1,"Mar 22, 2015"
1,"Worst album of the year. Period.",0,3,"Oct 18, 2002"
10,"qqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq",0,1,"Dec 20, 2011"
10,"Just plain good",0,0,"Jan  6, 2003"
10,"On disc or live, nothing tops Disturbed.",0,0,"Nov 22, 2002"
10,"This CD is packed - not a weak song on it.",0,0,"Oct 14, 2003"
10,"nobody brings it like disturbed the lyrics is what makes them different nobdy has the same lyrics and the music is pretty unique too.",0,0,"Jan 10, 2003"
10,"This is the best CD I have ever purchased it has not left my CD player since then. The songs are hypnotic and David Draiman's vocals are edgy and so full of rage that he speaks for an entire generation of angry teenagers and even adults. In these turbulent times their lyrics are more valuable and seem to be speaking the thoughts that we have at one time or another harbored. I hope there next album is as good or better than this.",0,0,"Feb 11, 2003"
10,"Amazing album. The lyrics are thought-provoking, and David's voice is absolutely incredible.",0,0,"Feb 19, 2003"
10,"Quite possibly my favorite album from any band!",0,0,"Feb 26, 2003"
10,"i havent got ur cd yet but im definetly going to and the songs i have heard are awsome and i want to hear them all by the way ur mouth ring things are wicked",0,0,"Feb  8, 2003"
10,"This album I have to say is one of their best.",0,0,"Apr  4, 2003"
10,"Evolve or Die! Disturbed has already chosen to evolve.",0,0,"Mar  6, 2006"
10,"This band rules, there so different from every other band i love it",0,0,"Aug  2, 2006"
9,"A very musical followup to 'The Sickness'. Dave's vocals are beautiful at times. There's still a bit of 'bite', here and there. However, I would give it a 9.75 out of 10 when considering 'The Sickness' as my 10. It absolutely ROCKED!!!",0,0,"Apr 27, 2003"
10,"I love disturbed and the album, i think this is a very stong followup to the sickness, it has more powerful guitar riffs and lyrics.",0,0,"Sep 21, 2003"
10,"the cd is a huge turn from the sickness.i want to say its more melow but its not word. just all good",0,0,"Sep 22, 2003"
6,"this cd wasnt even near my expectations the sickness was an awesome cd but this cd went downhill alot from their sound when they first came out",0,0,"Oct  4, 2004"
10,"This album is by far the best i've ever heard. Two songs i recommend are Prayer and Devour",0,0,"Nov  1, 2002"
10,"Best nu-metal album ever, completely destroying the album that previously held that title. Disturbed is only getting better, and I can wait for their next CD.",0,0,"Nov  1, 2002"
10,"bets i ever heared",0,0,"Oct 19, 2002"
10,"like it",0,0,"Oct 21, 2002"
10,"Disturbed toured with the Sickness for 2 and a half years. Over this time they have grown as musicians. Believe is more of an uplifting Album, and is more melodic...but there is still the well known 'Vocal Sound Effects' that Front man David Draiman is known for. The Chunky Guitar riffs, and a mean base aid the album. The only downfall is that they held drummer Mike Wengrin back. But overall for sound, and meaning the album gets a 10. Disturbed will be around for a long time.",0,0,"Oct 26, 2002"
10,"i love disturbed and i love this album. gotta be one of my faves.",0,0,"Jun 14, 2003"
10,"this cd is so powerful, energiized, and just plain RAH! it lets your anger out when you sing with David. Davids voice has so much rage yet at times it so beautiful with that chello. this cd is just as good and even better then the sickness. i think its great live or on disk. it still blows my mind the way he makes those sounds. the rest of the band does a great job makeing the music poweful as well.",0,0,"Jun 16, 2003"
7,"i think that this is a decent album. it gets a little boring, but the double bass drumming is great. i just wish that these guys had even more instrumental talent.",0,0,"Apr 28, 2004"
10,"best album I've ever heard, they are true rocker's not like other wanna be rock bands.",0,0,"Dec 21, 2002"
10,"It absolutely rocks!!! I think it is much better than the last. Being the only 'chick' to rate this, as far as I've seen, I'm sure I am not the only one. I find Dave's 'way' quite seductive,and very,very,sexy. 'nuff said.",0,0,"Dec 22, 2002"
10,"great",0,0,"Dec 22, 2002"
10,"Brilliant. it's gotta be one of my fave albums",0,0,"Dec 27, 2002"
10,"This is the best cd i have ever heard. I didn't think they'd be able to do as near as good on this cd as they did with 'The Sickness' but they proved me wrong with this kick ass cd. Way to go.",0,0,"Dec 31, 2002"
8,"well-structured and heavy
sometimes it looks like a religious band, may looks like a ****
Draiman is a very talentous singer
......................................................................................................................................................",0,0,"Oct 15, 2013"
10,"This is easily one of the best albums I've ever heard, every song is memorable and full of emotion. I remember listening to it as a kid with my father, so perhaps at least some of it is sentimental. Regardless, It's an album that everyone should give a listen. The quality of the recording isn't the best I've ever heard, but that's not unheard of given the genre.",0,0,"Jun  1, 2014"
10,"This was absolutely awesome. It's all good, it's all heavy, and a lot of parents will absolutely hate it even though it's pretty clean mainstream music. Trust me. That's  all you need to know. GET IT NOW",0,0,"Sep  9, 2015"
10,"You like good rock, you like good music? How about a trip- how about a rolling, thundering blast of grit and rock- shot into your skull, still yeah? Then, do this album! Do it now!",8,8,"Jan 15, 2011"
9,"There is a lot to like in this album, and it is by far the best work of the band. The guitar riffs are simple but cool, and the drums are just awesome. Most of the songs sound similar to your standard grunge rock, but the lyrics are self-aware and smart, making it more than simple head-banging music.On a side note, Mosquito Song is probably the most musically ambitious of the tracks here. I was pleasantly surprised by the inclusion of the different instruments used on it.",3,3,"Aug 11, 2010"
10,"One of the best albums I've heard from the 2000s.  A lot of classic material here with a lot of diversity and quality musicianship.  Probably the best album of this bands career along with R.",2,2,"May 10, 2011"
8,"Bruising and brilliant, this is as cool as hard-rock gets. 'Songs for the Deaf' is undoubtedly the best record produced by QOTSA by a long way in my opinion. The brilliantly titled opener 'You think I ain't worth a dollar but I feel like a millionaire' sets things off and there is no let up until the closer 'Mosquito Song'. 'No one Knows' and 'Go with the Flow' have become alt rock classics since the release of this album but there are so many great tracks on this record its hard to pick out highlights. 'Six Shooter' will practically singe your eyebrows. At times you would be forgiven for having sympathy for the instruments played on this record as  the drums and guitars get a real hammering on this. Which brings me to the drumming - it is simply outstanding and backing it up is near perfect  guitar work. One of those records where everything clicks for the band. A hard rock treasure.",2,2,"Dec  9, 2014"
10,"Insanely great band, insanely great cd.",1,1,"Sep 13, 2002"
9,"this is queens of the stone age at there absolute best.  almost every song is a revolution of modern hard rock; the key songs from their career: No one Knows, Go with the flow, Songs for the dead, the sky is falling, millionaire, are all found on this incredible album. Anyone wanting to get into QOTSA, this is the album to listen to...",1,1,"Sep  7, 2010"
9,"Rock god's of a **** era of music. Rap-metal? Really? What the hell were we thinking. QOTSA, from this point, made everything from that time look like a high school's battle of the bands competition.",1,1,"Sep  4, 2011"
9,"Really good album by Queens of the Stone Age, more or less on the same level of their previous, Rated R. No One Knows and Go With The Flow are great, and there many other good songs.",1,1,"Jan  2, 2014"
10,"There is not one weak song on this album, being QOTSA's finest effort to this day, and still a classic hard rock album that any music lover should have in their collection.
I can pick out 11 songs that are just awesome on this record. The combination of Grohl's excellent drumming and Homme's genius songwriting is a testament to the QOTSA we all know and love.",1,1,"Jun 17, 2013"
9,"A song for the deaf, that is for you.
Hell, that is for all of us. This album just kicks all kinds of ass. Really, as far as hard rock goes, this is probably one of the best albums out there. Every song is interesting, unique, and bad ass.
Also, if you ever feel like driving down the highway in the most intense way possible, put on 'You think I ain't worth a dollar, but I feel like a millionaire'.",1,1,"Jul  1, 2013"
10,"Anyone who says this album is bad is obviously an idiot. There is not a metal band that exists that can dish out these riffs and vocals. No One Knows has one of the greatest guitar riffs of all time. Maybe the best metal riff ever.",1,1,"Nov 15, 2013"
10,"My favourite album (very, very closely followed by their Self-titled), every song is just brilliant. I would recommend this album to anyone, and have bought it for countless people. Please, if you haven't already, buy this album and all of QOTSA's discography.",1,1,"Nov 22, 2013"
10,"this is rock .my favorite album.  this album has its own feel. every song is important to the album. the intro of the album will stay in my head forever.",1,1,"Feb  4, 2014"
10,"Excellent album, one of the best I've listened to.
The album starts with a bang, with 5 awesome tracks. It follows with the weak 'Six Shooter' (IMO, of course), but then enter awesome tracks like Go With the Flow, Hangin' Tree, and one of the best tracks of the album, A Song for the Deaf.",1,1,"Jun 17, 2014"
10,"This is the most powerful record ever made. In Songs For The Deaf, Queens Of The Stone Age are at their best. There are just two or three songs that aren't unforgettable, but all the others are fists to your hears. An album for those interested in heavy guitars, low chords and intense strong drumming.
This record is a **** masterpiece of contemporary music.",1,1,"Aug  5, 2014"
10,"This is an amazing album. Probably one of the best of the 2000s (but in my personal opinion, White Blood Cells by the White Stripes is the best of that decade). If you like Stoner Rock, Alternative Rock or just wanna hear so good music of the new millennium, buy this album. It's on Vinyl, Cassette, CD & Digital Download. I plan to buy it on all 4.",1,1,"Aug 17, 2014"
10,"Do I even need to tell you why this album is great? It's been praised to no end and rightfully so. Some of Queens's best work is just this album heard front to back. The little things are what make this album go from great to masterful. The satirical radio interludes go hand in hand with the songs that follow or come before not only in theme, but in tone. The guitar tones and playing style were some of the most original and bold for the time. The use of 3 lead singers. The shift in musical styles to fit each singer. This album kicks ass.",1,1,"Oct 27, 2014"
10,"It goes without saying that damn near anything Dave Grohl touches turns to gold, and his presence on this album is no exception. This is a classic QOTSA album from start to finish. The bass is aggressive and chunky, guitars are haunting, the vocal delivery from Hommes is drawly and sleazy as always, the drums are kickin', and the riffs are instant classics.",1,1,"Nov 27, 2014"
9,"Couldnt help but enjoy this album, with its flawless riffs and kick ass drums. The sarcastic radio parts only add to this wonderfull album that is sure to be heard still in thirty years. The guitar was put to good use in songs like 'gonna leave you' and 'go with the flow' . Another album that manages tp be commercialy successful and a rock marvel at the same time, dave ghrol really toar up his set on this one and it payed off",1,2,"Feb 16, 2011"
4,"I don't understand the hype. I have listened to the album, I have tried to like it....but it is just another mediocre album released by a mediocre band.",0,1,"Dec 30, 2002"
0,"Fuck yall fucking posers!! PUNK NOT DEAD!!!!!!!",0,8,"Aug 23, 2002"
4,"no doubt there are are a couple winner but over all can't make it through most this album but it did help make a great mix tape, i'll give it that",0,4,"Dec  5, 2004"
3,"3/10 because the only good songs on 'Songs For the Deaf' are 'Mosquito Song (Hidden Track),' 'No One Knows,' and maybe the opening track, but other than that, this is way too repetitive and impossible to listen to from start to finish. If you like heavy music with some variety and depth, then listen to Tool's 'Lateralus' or System of a Down's 'Mezmerize.'",0,2,"Apr 28, 2006"
3,"Highly overrated album. The only decent tracks are Hangin Tree & No one knows. The majority of it is just noise..and the vocalist isn't good at all.",0,15,"Sep 19, 2007"
0,"My god, does this album SUCK. Pathetic overdriven structures mixed with a diagonal lack of inspiration. This is worse than Phil Collins. Worse than anything I have ever heard in my life. People who think this is great music should be executed.",0,2,"Jun 26, 2003"
4,"I certainly appreciate Josh Homme and his vision for rock and roll, but as a whole, I cannot recommend this album.  It starts out relatively strong, but takes a dive in the second half.  Download 'No One Knows' and 'Go with the Flow' and leave the rest of the album alone.",0,3,"Apr 25, 2012"
10,"This is the album of the year and mayby next year, hard to ignore this band.",0,0,"Jan  5, 2003"
9,"Fucking blow me away group ...",0,0,"Sep 17, 2002"
10,"F+#@ing Rules!! Best ever!!!",0,0,"Oct 11, 2002"
10,"Thi is undoubtebly the best album I have heard in the past 3 years the mellow stoned out chords that drive the record are phenominal. The simplicity of no one knows is a welcome change to the music that is so intense you cant understand anything",0,0,"Apr  3, 2003"
10,"Best album ever....just plain great",0,0,"Oct  1, 2002"
8,"A few missteps here and there, and the radio spots can be more annoying than funny, but overall this is as good a hard rock as you're going to hear this year, or have heard in years.",0,0,"Sep  1, 2002"
10,"This album has the sonic force of Fear of A Black Planet, Nevermind, or Appetite For Destruction. The writhing humanism of Go With The Flow, the darkness of Song For The Deaf, the power of Millionaire... every song has its own identity and the album can still stay cohesive. Put it in the top ten easily. This is rock and roll the way it is meant to be.",0,0,"Aug 21, 2002"
10,"I never heard a better cd from a rock band then these fellows. They know how to play, they know what theyre doing and they keep doing it.",0,0,"Apr 24, 2003"
10,"Compared to the rest of the hard rock garbage out there, this album stands out like a beacon of welcome light.",0,0,"Aug 29, 2002"
10,"best album ive heard since Radioheads- Kid A",0,0,"Aug 21, 2002"
9,"The best rock album since.....well, their last album.",0,0,"Sep  7, 2002"
10,"Metal with a brain, and a soul as well.",0,0,"Sep  7, 2003"
10,"OH MYD GOOOOODD this CD is perfect",0,0,"Feb  8, 2004"
10,"great album, powerful songs, superb riffs, I new hope in heavy. thank GOD, this musical genre is in good shape, and very alive.",0,0,"Feb 16, 2004"
7,"Some good songs, powerful melodies, and overdriven guitar. Maybe a little too much of the overdriven guitar... Good driving music, too, but it gets a little repetitive. :D",0,0,"Mar  5, 2004"
10,"Great album from a great band. Takes a while to get into but its worth it.",0,0,"Mar 28, 2004"
6,"i can't understand why everyone votes so high this album. In my opinion it's the worst album of them and i give you some reasons: 1. the production is horrible (why do they sound better live than in the album?). 2. The drums are soooo hiiiigh and so simples!(i hope grohl plays with them nevermore). 3. Only have 4 o 5 great songs, the other songs are just mediocre.(if we just compare this album with the older ones) I think the album at the first sight it's awesome, but then it become plain.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2004"
10,"I completely agree with Jason C, this album has changed my views on rock altogether, after the one hundredth listen i became completely immersed in its tripped out, drug induced and beautifully atmospheric tones. Incredible.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2004"
10,"Great Album! 'Nuff said...",0,0,"Jun  3, 2004"
10,"Amazing! Best rock album of the year!",0,0,"Oct  1, 2004"
10,"'Songs For The Deaf' manages to blend balls-to-the-wall rock, mystic arty flourishes and dark sardonic humour into perfect tunes. If God and Satan copulated and spawned a child made of music, this would be the sound of its voice. Listen to this album on acid and you'll understand. I did. So did the 10ft neon cowgirls who appeared in my loungeroom.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2004"
10,"phsycidelic stoner rock at its absolute best, every song a different jouney through the dark ages",0,0,"Nov  5, 2004"
7,"Many hits and a handful misses. They should keep Dave Grohl (on drums) and loose Mark Lanegan. All in all though this is a really good record that could have been great.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2003"
10,"Wow.",0,0,"Aug 28, 2002"
10,"Fucking incredible album. changed the way i thought about music. Hasn't left my cd player in months",0,0,"Nov 27, 2003"
10,"Wow.",0,0,"Aug 28, 2002"
10,"This damn thing has taken up residence in my CD player and will bloody-well not leave. My ears are bleeding and I'm grinning like a horny gibbon. It's very very good. Punk most cerainly ain't dead, it just learnt to play it's instruments!!",0,0,"Nov 26, 2002"
10,"Feel Good Hit Of Our Life !",0,0,"Apr 14, 2003"
10,"it just rulz",0,0,"Oct 13, 2004"
10,"Great album. What the world needs today is a kick in the nuts.",0,0,"Oct  5, 2002"
10,"Actually, if you are into true rock n' roll art with good rock musicianship, then this is the album for you. I enjoy it alot, and most rock fans of today should enjoy it too. There are not alot of good bands out there now (Good Charlotte, Avril, New found glory..etc = thumbs down). Luckily, this band was still able to stick around to create more good old-time rock tunes. I think this band have some true potentials to their music, and I admired that, and hopefully will continue to do so in the future to come. And for those who rated this album as way below average, you guys failed to give your descriptive and valid points on why this album should not be live up to expectation (not just a small paragraph or one sentence to prove your point; that's not a review, people).",0,0,"Jul  9, 2003"
9,"Absolutely superb. Is rare nowadays to hear such enthusiasm, creativity and sheer attitude [that is not purely market driven].",0,0,"Aug 30, 2002"
10,"i loved this cd, i dont know if i like R more or songs for the deaf... but both are awesome and i havent heard there selftitle, but i dont understand how all the critics seem to like the strokes and white stripes more than qotsa. i mean the suck in comparison to me. so eveyone go and but this cd now, and if u like qotsa then kyuss is the band for u because they kick ass. So smoke a bowl and enjoy.",0,0,"Feb  5, 2004"
10,"best eva album!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Jan 20, 2005"
8,"Some of the songs drag, and the radio skits are annoying, but nothing can better the drum into to Song For The Dead; the pop nous of Go With The Flow and No One Knows manage to mask their heaviness, and Mosquito (only available on some editions) is hauntingly brilliant, in the vein of Aerials by SOAD. Mark Lanegan could never better In The Fade (from Rated R), but he is well up to scratch here.",0,0,"Jan 27, 2005"
10,"One of my Fav's",0,0,"Feb 18, 2005"
10,"the greatest album realese in my lifetime, takes you on a magical journey from the entrancing mosquito song to the absolute brilliance of know one knows and millionaire",0,0,"Mar 29, 2005"
10,"It's probably the most surprised i've been when the first song explodes into a crazy, infectious thing called millionaire. I've listened to this album a lot of times and I love it more and more every time.",0,0,"Apr  5, 2005"
10,"The Best album of the band",0,0,"Apr 12, 2005"
9,"Thay `kick` arse, when we get the records ,down here in `AUSTRALIA`thay cost $30 clams in oz this sucks. Keep on Slamming.Thank `u`red white & blue.....",0,0,"Jun 30, 2005"
10,"Simple. The best CD I have ever had the pleasure of listening to.",0,0,"Sep  4, 2005"
9,"If you were to douse your head in gasoline, light it on fire and slam your face repeatedly onto your keyboard right this very second... maybe, just MAYBE, you would catch a small glimpse of what it is to hear these songs for the deaf. Possibly one of the finest albums of the new mellennium... though, since the new mellennium in music generally sucks a righteous set of polo socks at the moment, I suppose that isn't the greatest compliment of all time. But, it IS a large achievement nonetheless, and deserves your ownership. Pick it up or pick your NOSE!",0,0,"Nov 27, 2005"
10,"Totally kicks ass",0,0,"Dec  6, 2005"
10,"You're left breathless.",0,0,"Dec 29, 2005"
8,"This is a solid, entertaining album. The production does hamper it... at times it just lacks life. The song writing is good though not brilliant. I do give it an 8 because it rocks so hard. Songs for the Deaf is clearly inferior to QOTSA's self-titled debut, which is one of the greatest albums ever recorded. This is merely good. I can't decide between this one and Rated R.",0,0,"Jan  1, 2006"
10,"QOTSA are possibly one of the greatest rock bands ever and this album is incredible.",0,0,"Jan 30, 2006"
10,"Very, very entertaining album. Not as good as their debut album, as John stated before, but a great album nonetheless.",0,0,"Mar 18, 2006"
10,"Intense rock with a perfect desert-atmosphere and strong songs full of alternation. Best rock-record in 25 years!",0,0,"Apr 30, 2006"
9,"Infinitely better than anything Maynard Keenan could ever conceive of, despite what the idiot M-Stylez claims. Let's not even talk about System of a Down; they're not really musicians--and definitely not artists.",0,0,"Jun 23, 2006"
10,"buy thats all buy it",0,0,"Jun 26, 2006"
10,"The best QOTSA album for me...",0,0,"Jul  5, 2006"
10,"Just perfect!",0,0,"Sep 13, 2006"
10,"Amazing, an incredible follow up to 2002's Rated R. Almost flawless.",0,0,"Nov 21, 2006"
10,"This albums kick asses! I love it! T_T ste album patea culos, lo amo.",0,0,"Feb 17, 2007"
10,"No One Knows just how good this album is. Dave Grohl and his magic.",0,0,"Apr  5, 2007"
10,"Great from start to finish",0,0,"May 19, 2007"
10,"truly life changing album",0,0,"May 24, 2007"
10,"Wonderful !",0,0,"Jun 12, 2007"
8,"Good album but what's with all of the praise for dumbing down and depressing more hard rock kids? What the fuck is rock and roll about if not getting people moving. Forget this depressing sitting in corners mulling over your miserable little life shit. Rock and roll shouldn't be about this.",0,0,"Oct  6, 2007"
10,"Rocked my socks off...",0,0,"Nov 13, 2007"
10,"Best metal album of the 00's. Even Dave Grohl admitted it was the best album he had ever played on. The fact that it is a loose concept album and flows cohesively is the icing on top of the fact that it rocks harder than any of the other crap currently plaguing modern rock radio. Anyone who doesn't give this album at least an 8 doesn't know anything about hard rock and should stick to the Adult Alternative section of the record store.",0,0,"Nov 26, 2007"
9,"This is a great album and was the first album I got to know by QOTSA. This is, in my opinion, one of their best albums because its a mix of diverse rock songs though not one of them is bad. In fact, they are all good and some have even made it already as classics you just want to hear if you go to a concert of QOTSA. It has a nice groove only Oliveri could have laid down and the drums are magnificent. Josh Homme performs vocally at his best reaching from the bottom end of his voice to a decent falsetto. The reason i did not give this album a clear 10 is that, though the interludes are sometimes really funny, they sometimes get the drive out of the album. Maybe a few cuts here and there would make this album perfect.",0,0,"Dec  6, 2007"
10,"A slick and powerful album. music doesn't get much better than this!",0,0,"Dec 17, 2007"
10,"The best hard rock album since Ozzy became incomprehensible.",0,0,"Jan 23, 2008"
10,"Everything you could wish for in a rock album. This is the band at their best and indeed one album you must listen to before you die. Queens Of The Stone Age should be considered as one of the greatest rock bands of all time!",0,0,"Feb  8, 2008"
9,"Without a doubt one of my favourite albums ever made. Queens of the Stone Age absolutely rock! Hard! The best rock album ever! Track rating- millionaire 8.9/10, no one knows 9.5/10, first it giveth 8.3/10, song for the deaf 8.0/10, sky is falling 9.1/10, six shooter 7.6/10, hanging tree 8.7/10, go with the flow 9.3/10, i'm gonna leave you 7.6/10, do it again 9.0/10, god is in the radio 9.6/10, another love song 9.3/10, song for the dead 8.1/10, mosquito song 9.7/10, lost art of keeping a secret 8.7/10, everybody gonna be happy 8.9/10. a very high 8.8/10",0,0,"Apr  5, 2008"
10,"One of my favourite albums ever and I've listened to many great albums. This is the album which first got me interested in rock music and ive never looked back. A bit sad theres no Kyuss reviews on here.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2008"
10,"This is the summer I've always wanted.",0,0,"Dec 20, 2008"
10,"One of the best hard rock albums that will ever grace your ears.",0,0,"Jan  1, 2009"
10,"Brutal. Melodic. Trance-inducing. Pounding rhythm. Pulsing guitars. And that is only Song for the Dead. If you listen to all the songs on this album you will discover that you no longer look at music the same way.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2009"
10,"Quite possibly one of the greatest musical experiences ever crafted. You have to listen to the tracks in order to fully enjoy the wicked concept this album presents; tuning into various radio stations as you embark on your journey to the Mojave Desert.",0,0,"Jul 20, 2009"
10,"Why had I only heard the singles? Every track was given so very much love. If you like Saul Williams, you will like this.",0,0,"Jul 25, 2009"
10,"Definitely the best rock album of the decade and possibly one of the best albums of all time. When i first listened to it, i thought it was a bit repetitive, i liked a few songs; but within a month i started to realize how different and colorful each track was. There is not a single bad song on this album and i love the concept of the album being set in the Californian desert. It will take a while to grasp how brilliant it is but have patience. Anyone who gives this album a negative review has not really listened to it as far as i'm concerned. This album deserves to (AND HOPEFULLY WILL BE) be looked back upon in 10-20 years as one of the all time classics.",0,0,"Sep 21, 2009"
9,"Simply awesome!",0,0,"Dec  5, 2009"
10,"Great Album! Like a new album!",1,1,"Jul  6, 2008"
0,"Easily the worst they have ever put out. A completely pointless remix album that does nothing but butcher and ruin classic LP songs for no reason at all.",1,2,"Nov 14, 2011"
10,"This vote is not for Reanimation; it is for Hybrid Theory, since both CDs are pretty much the same. Anyway, Hybrid Theory, I think, is one of the best albums of the year. Almost every song on Hybrid Theory is one that I like, something I can't say for any other album outside of Creed's 'Weathered.' Excellent CD (meaning Hybrid Theory). Buy it immediately.",0,1,"Aug 14, 2002"
4,"Terrible at best.",0,1,"Jul  1, 2004"
0,"Let's take a mediocre, uncreative rock album, and strip away the hooks. We'll add a bunch of noise, spell everything wrong, and sell it back to our fans. it's not new, but it's kinda new! what crap.",0,1,"Aug 19, 2002"
2,"This sucks. This is a sad attemt to make a few bucks and hold fans until Meteora comes (came) out. If that was really their thought I would be suprised if anyone buys Meteora. Figuring out what songs are on the cd is a nightmare. Rnw@y? What the hell? I gave this a 2 because my favorite songs from Hybrid Theory (Papercut and In the End) don't suck as bad as the rest. I think My December (notice my proper grammer) is the original but if it isn't then the remix is damn good for a remix. In conclusion; don't waste your 15 bucks on this. Either get Meteora or Hybrid Theory now.",0,2,"Aug 25, 2003"
5,"No. They are NOT the greatest band ever. Maybe in mainstream.. :|",0,2,"May 14, 2004"
1,"Not COMPLETELY horrible but after listening to Hybrid Theory and then listening to this you realize just how good Hybrid Theory is. Do yourself a favor, ignore this and buy Hybrid Theory.",0,1,"Aug 22, 2007"
0,"Crap on a plate. The only way to describe Linkin Park's man-child whining and over pretentious guitar rifts. I offically dub Linkin Park as the worst sound to ever come out of anything.",0,1,"Dec 14, 2003"
9,"This was not that good of a cd that is why I gave it the 9. I gave such a good number, becase they are the best band ever and will all ways be the best band.",0,0,"May  9, 2003"
9,"Almost all of the songs have been improved. The only problems I have with this album are that they cut out some good parts of some songs, they rewrote some good lyrics, and I can't stand the piano in H! Vltg3. Other than that, this is a very moving and interesting CD.",0,0,"Aug  1, 2002"
8,"i like en e enth the most",0,0,"Aug 14, 2002"
10,"This cd is excellent!!",0,0,"Jul  1, 2004"
4,"never was a fan of remixes, but there were 4 good ones-so 4 stars",0,0,"Jun  3, 2007"
9,"I was suprised by how much i enjoyed this album.True its not as good as Hybrid Theory.But its still a very good album that i would recomend to anyone who is a linkin park fan.",0,0,"Aug 10, 2002"
0,"Utter crap. Polished turd is nonetheless still turd.",0,0,"Aug  2, 2002"
9,"Wow",0,0,"Aug  6, 2002"
9,"I really liked this CD, i thought it was well done. It was a project that they did for themselves, as something fun to do and they've always wanted to do something like this. A lot of people have been saying that they're just in it for the money -- they're not. Linkin Park is probably the band that cares the most about their fans. It's a great CD, almost as good as Hybrid Theory, and its got some more, unreleased songs on it.",0,0,"Jan  3, 2003"
10,"This cd wasn't that good, i had to give it a ten they are the greates band ever how could I not give them a Ten. Just because they put out a bad cd doesn't mean I am going to stop liking them. Be faithful to them. And they will be good always.",0,0,"May  7, 2003"
8,"i liked the album. it really wasnt that much greater then HT though...but remixes are cool. Just one sugestion...if LP remixed the songs themselves instead of getting other ppl to do it then i wouldve gave them a 10. Peace Out! -Pudls ;)",0,0,"Jul  8, 2004"
10,"this record kicks ass, i think this is their second best album after Hybrid Theory. Lp Rules!",0,0,"Jan  5, 2005"
10,"Absolutly awsome!!",0,0,"May  4, 2006"
10,"A production master piece, all you who think its crap, obviously didn't listen to it properly, or maybe you're deaf. To see them trying to break boundaries and put there reputation on the line is impressive. But if your narrow minded enough to only appreciate one style of music then you wont like it.",0,0,"Jul  8, 2006"
6,"The reanimation album is great in some ways. The fact that they are using a drum machine and a drummer strikes me as creative and the mixing work is stylish. However, One of the main sins of Linkin Parks music is almost put on total display: the clique qualities of their music. It sickens me to hear 'I tried so hard and got so far but in the end, it doesn't even matter' as a chorus. I can hear a crying teenager behind every line. Yet, there is style behind the music and the guests, although within the quantities aren't very exiting, are well chosen. The album isn't worth my money, but I did borrow the album as it it still worth my ear.",0,0,"Aug 15, 2009"
9,"great cd, gotta get it",0,0,"Jul 31, 2002"
10,"This Album is Awsome. All the songs on this cd are awsome the next cd is going to be awsome can't wait for that Album.",0,0,"Aug  1, 2002"
0,"This is just another way for Linkin Park to milk more cash out of their fans.",0,0,"Aug  6, 2002"
1,"Remixed crap. Won't ever buy another L.P. CD on faith. Very disappointing, especially considering how great the Hybrid Theory CD was. Techo-remix crap!",0,0,"Aug  7, 2002"
10,"This album is utterly spetacualr... Almost 100 different artist join together, to form a new genre of perfection. Rap, Hip-Hop, Alternitave and more than you could hope for. From Mike's melodic rapping, to Chester's raging vocals of pure insanity, the whole album is Top-Shelf goodness. And I come to conclude that this album is a must have for anyone who likes 'music'. And Yes MATT P, You SHOULD try your mother on a plate, just like CHRIS B had told you to. Well matt you did that even before chris's excellent advice eh?",0,0,"Jul  9, 2004"
9,"Thiz is a great album to bop your head to!!",0,0,"Nov  3, 2005"
4,"Why LP? How could you have done this? This album is the frankstein of music....",0,0,"Mar  9, 2005"
9,"Pretty damned impressive, better than the original in many ways; less repetitive and formulaic, more coherant and ultimately more appealing. Now we need a retake of Meteora.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2005"
10,"the best remix album i've ever heard, the songs truly live up to the originals. this album is must have for any LP or rock fan.",0,0,"Aug 29, 2005"
10,"As the Listener states well Linkin Park stepped out into the unknown in this album. They have my full respect for such a move. What an awesome album that came from it too, full of emotion and great music. 10/10",0,0,"Sep 11, 2006"
9,"Loved this when it came out most tracks on here worked better than the originals specially Krawlin (or how ever its spelt on the track) other favioutes include My{Dsmbr and In Te En. Overall nice album i still listen to it to this day.",0,0,"Nov 20, 2007"
10,"best cd ever",0,0,"Mar 17, 2007"
4,"Rehash, and not a very good one.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2007"
10,"Well, i think this is one of the most different remix albums that I see...All the time we see the connections of the songs.",0,0,"Jul  6, 2008"
10,"brilliant. enough said",0,0,"Aug 16, 2002"
5,"This album is just an attempt to make too much out of an already good thing. The original songs is hybrid theory were good enough and did not need to be remixed in this fashion. The rap on reanimation is not professionaly done and is by a bunch of unknown hip hop artists. However i give this album a five simply because the songs are not entirely sickening and they do have gripping qualities to them due to the techno instruments. Linkin Park is just killing Hybrid Theory with this remix album. My advice,hey, move on in life and don't dwell on past successes. Get some new material.",0,0,"Aug 22, 2002"
10,"Words cannot describe how much i love Reanimation...but numbers can. I'd give it an 11 if i could.",0,0,"Aug 23, 2002"
8,"is this album worth getting,yes does it do what Hybrid Theory did,no.I figured this is an album that LP got to play with Tweek this change that. Some tracks are great redone,some aren't. Be open minded about this one,and enjoy it.",0,0,"Aug 23, 2002"
10,"Hey mat p if you think this cd was crap on a plate you should try your mama",0,0,"Dec 22, 2003"
5,"It seems like this is a sad attempt to cash in before LP's 15 minutes of fame is up. A few (key word: few) of the mixes are good. I especially loved the remix of One Step Closer. Others had potential but were killed seconds in. Hardcore fans would like it, but I was disapointed LP would stoop this low. Put the good ones as bonus tracks on a cd or just forget about, I say.",0,0,"Mar 26, 2003"
9,"What rap/metal should aspire to be. The album soars over Hybrid Theory in so many ways. Much more creative and varied than the one-dimensional debut, Reanimation shows how incorporating rap with rock can be much more than what most rap/rock acts show. Hardcore rock fans will probably hate this, but then again, what hardcore rock fans listen to Linkin Park? Definately worth a listen.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2003"
6,"This is an album to cash in on the success of 'Hybrid Theory', plain and simple. The remixes of the tracks from the debut album is generally uninspired and seems to be really hastily put together.",0,0,"Aug 24, 2003"
0,"Simply put: this is the worst C.D. I own, have ever owned, and probably will ever own. I am ashamed to own it. I can't believe I wasted a CD-R on this. A '0' rating is low enough.",0,0,"Oct 11, 2005"
8,"It's remixes give it a thrilling variety to the originals of hybrid thoery. the only thing that bugs me is that they had pointless intermissions that were nontheless a waste of time.",0,0,"May 14, 2005"
10,"it's great. my fave is the with you remix. most of it is better than the original just because of the music. more of an updated version than a remix.",0,0,"May 25, 2006"
10,"I love Linkin Park so much! This album just shows how creative they are. I love every song on this album.",0,0,"Jul 25, 2007"
7,"Their most hip hop driven album. It's a solid remix album that appeals to mostly people who love underground rap and Linkin Park. However, most of the original songs sound better than their remixes.",0,0,"Aug 11, 2007"
7,"This is a great cd for those who have broad range of music they like, other who are narrowmind groundling's when it comes to their prefence. Linkin Park breaks away alittle from their metal roots to try some interesting things which suprizingly works in some of the tracks... not so well in others.",0,0,"Nov 26, 2003"
0,"Crap on a plate. The only way to describe Linkin Park's man-child whining and over pretentious guitar rifts. I offically dub Linkin Park as the worst sound to ever come out of anything.",0,0,"Dec 14, 2003"
0,"Crap on a plate. The only way to describe Linkin Park's man-child whining and over pretentious guitar rifts. I offically dub Linkin Park as the worst sound to ever come out of anything.",0,0,"Dec 14, 2003"
7,"In short, the album has a range of awesome and disappointing tracks. It's at least worth checking out.",0,0,"Sep 30, 2013"
10,"This was an amazing Album.. I Loved it.. I usually select some of the songs from this album to play it in my car stereo.. Absolutely Rocks.. Best Band Ever..",0,0,"Jan  5, 2011"
8,"Not their best album, but deffinitley one to keep on the iPod. Remixing their song was a smart, yet dumb idea. 'H! Vltg3'  and 'Kyur4 th Ich'  they should of left original. But on the other hand, 'Krwlng' , 'Pts.of.Athrty'  and 'By_Myslf'  are better remixed than original in my opinon.",0,0,"Nov  3, 2011"
8,"It's the atmosphere across the whole of this remix album which gives it such an interesting listen, Mike Shinoda was very involved with getting the whole album to sound cohesive and dark, with everything from techno anthems to old school hip-hop, it's on overdrive melodically with all aspiring talent onboard.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2012"
10,"Great album!! because this isnt just a bunch of remixes, it  features entirely reinterpreted songs, arrangements, sectionst, and a more industrial,hip hop aproach.",0,0,"Jun 27, 2012"
9,"Better than what people are saying in my opinion. I like Reanimation BETTER than Hybrid Theory, as a whole, and think this was their best blending of styles, even still.",0,0,"Jan 24, 2013"
10,"Reanimation. It's been a fair few years since I'd last heard this album and Hybrid Theory. As a result, this past week I've been listening to these two albums. And I can honestly say after a couple of listens to Reanimation, it's their best album they've released. And it isn't even a real studio album. Reanimation takes Hybrid Theory's Nu Metal sound, and infuses it with more Rap sounds. This is why the album had a lot of DJ's many people hadn't heard of working on the album to gain them exposure and put a fresh new sound on the songs.
Don't be worried though if you haven't heard the album before but are a fan of Hybrid Theory, your heavy rock and Chester vocals still remain, with the powerful riffs we knew getting a bit of the cyber treatment, especially in the Points of Authority remix. The album is terrific, and as an added bonus it's a remix of the Japanese version of Hybrid Theory so you also get High Voltage and My December remixes which both sound pretty good.
Nu Metal fans can rejoice in this album, it was a breath of fresh air when it came out, and still is today. Rap and Rock lovers can unite in this, and even if you are not the biggest Rap fan, you can't help but remember the catchy lyrics added and sing along to them. Not many albums have the ability to do that, so take this as an added bonus. I absolutely recommend this album to any Linkin Park fan and any fan of Rap and Rock in general. One thing I will say is Cure For The Itch should have been left alone, but apart from that, it's fantastic.
I give it a 10/10 for being so different to the Nu Metal genre. Worth a few listens minimum.",0,0,"Aug 17, 2013"
8,"This album is awesome, much better than the sh*tty Recharged, that's awful. This album has awesome remixes, except for In The End, which still isn't too bad. Krwling, My Dsmbr, Place for My Head, they are all amazing, Points of Authority, the list goes on. And yes, the 15 second snippets are annoying, but that doesn't take away from the awesomeness and mystique of the album and it's mesmerizing sound. Awesome, 8/10",0,0,"Dec 23, 2013"
9,"Opening/Pts.Of.Athrty (9) I just really like this song because it is against whole rat race ideology that is associated with growing up. The chorus is great and the Reanimation album is really a great mix of all of Linkin Park's best tracks. The people who like to give me hard time should have listened to this song a little more.
Enth E Nd (8.5) I really like the original version of this song better than this one but that is just my opinion. I think it was smart that Linkin Park did this album though to attract people from the Hip Hop scene to their music. The DJ'ing is good as well. Linkin Park needs to get Hybrid Theory up.
[Chali]/FRGT/10 (9) This is where the album really picks up I think and the remixes really get awesome. The use of filters on the voices I think is interesting and gives the piece a good sound. The rap elements are what really made me like this song. Rap is more than just music, it is a motivational message to people understand the urban culture.
P5hng Me A*wy (9.25) This song does a great job at using builds effectively and the chorus is my favorite part. I know that I've said that alot recently but whatever. This was the song that wrapped up Hybrid Theory I believe and that album will always be carried with me because I remember listening to it in middle school. It's really interesting I think that Linkin Park changed their sound as their listeners grew into adults. #AngryTeenagers
Plc.4 Mie (9.25) I really like how the tempo picks up in this track and the harmonic NuMetal elements in this song really give it a really good sound. It does a great job of incorporating rap and rock and that is what Linkin Park is known for to people who listen to alot of music. The best part is in the middle end of the piece when they incorporate Piano and screamo elements.
X-Ecutioner Style (8) This piece shows off the DJ'ing ability of Linkin Park and it's fine but nothing really sticks out of me. It is a bunch of interesting sounds with aggressive rap lyrics with no real inspirational message.
H! Vltg3 (8.5) This track is very rap heavy and it fine. But like Enth E Nd, I like the original version better because of the type of rap that is being laid down. Yes it shows good rhyming skill but sometimes I just look at it as jibberish.
[Riff Raff]/Wth.You (9.25) This is one of my favorite songs on the album. The heavy guitar is very melodic and is a great track to workout to I think. I think this track does a great job of giving Chester and Shinoda an equal vocal time frame. Like I've stated in previous Linkin Park reviews, I think that is why Linkin Park is always going to be successful, because of how they blend different types of music together (ie. NuMetal). When they have the guest rapper come on the track, the song really picks up when the heavy guitars kick back in. The Piano in the fade is good also.
NtrMssion/Ppr:Kut (9) With the original Papercut being one of my favorite tracks by Linkin Park, this version is great as well. The rap elements in the track are good as well. When the tune and lyrics change and the guitars kick back in, I think it makes the song better and allows me to give it a solid 9.
Rnw@y (9) This song is a really good rendition of the original, and I actually like this remix as much as the original because of how Linkin Park made the sounds more complex and unique. I do think the guest rapper does kind of ruin the track just a tad because he didn't do nuttin I fank.
My.Dsmbr (9.25) This is one of my favorite ballads by Linkin Park because of how I can really identify with it. I like how the remix speeds up the beat up and gives it a brand new sound for any Linkin Park fan. I do like the original better though because that song was playing when my mp3 player died on crazy brain lane.
[Stef]/By_Myslf (9.25) I think the heavy guitar in the beginning of the song is really good and the song does carry a good message that I can really relate to varying degrees. The chorus is good as well and while the tempo is the same as the original, I like this version better because of the middle end part of the song.
Kyur4 Th Ich (8.5) This song has some of the cool instrumentals I think because it is a sound that really is unique. The record scratching is good as well and is a good song that could be labeled as an intro to another track but it's not.
1stp Klosr (9.5) I think this remix of Linkin Park's debut hit is done perfectly because of how they incorporate the builds within the piece and how Korn's Jonathon Davis jumps on the track as well. Let's just say I don't play this when I drive for a reason. While the original is good, the lyrics are funny to me as I've gotten older because of how they stereotype angry teenagers. In a nutshell, this track go hard. #GoBlue
Krwlng (9) I like this song but it's depressing and I'm running out of characters. The instrumentals are what kept the score high. The chorus is really good and the tempo and violin ends the album well.",0,0,"Aug  1, 2014"
7,"Reanimation is effectively a mix album of songs from, I believe, Hybrid Theory. Whilst that concept seems, in principle, like this may just be electronic and mixed up garbage, it is far from it; each song manages to keep the raw aspects intact whilst giving them a slightly jittery, electronic feel, sending the songs almost beyond formal recognition, and landing them as something new, fresh and unique. Great album, but that sense of 'we've been here before' creeps in, and it is not to be forgotten that these songs already existed, making the album kind of feel slightly cheap overall. However, if you are a Linkin Park / Hybrid Theory fan, give it a go; it will not disappoint.",0,0,"Mar 16, 2014"
5,"The remixes were very liberal, some seemed to have very little to do with the original tracks. While a few tracks managed to be well worth the listen most of the album was all over the place. It was creative and blended many aspects together but there was a lack of cohesion, most of the added content just didn't belong. The highlights were the verse sung by Jonathan Davis of Korn and the track KRWLNG.",0,0,"May 27, 2014"
3,"Awful remix album. It nearly killed everything which made Hybrid Theory great. Only 1 track (pts.of.athrty // Jay Gordon) is good, maybe slightly better than the original. It is the only Linkin Park album (If a remix album counts) that I regret buying.",0,0,"Aug 10, 2014"
10,"Reanimation is a different yet excellent take in Linkin Park's music (although they are know for experimenting in diffrent music sub genres). the task of taking an album and recreating it sounds dumb or a just another way of getting some money but Enth E Nd it came out amazing",0,0,"Nov 22, 2015"
0,"Emo angst ridden shite. Cheer up kids.",1,2,"Sep  7, 2005"
10,"What to say except this is DA **** Awesome vocals, awesome guitars, awesome bass, awesome drums, just peer metal from an all original nu metal group.",0,1,"Jan 10, 2011"
10,"THIS IZ THE BEST CD EVER AND THE FUCKIN BADEST CD EVER",0,0,"Jan  4, 2003"
10,"I love this cd in my opinion its better than the first! If u never heard of this band then I strongly urge to look into them, u will not be disappointed",0,0,"Jan  7, 2003"
7,"I loved Mudvayne when I first heard cultivate and then later dig, but i dont like their new sound near as much.",0,0,"Mar  7, 2003"
10,"This is a badass cd. If you don't have it, go get it. To all the haters, 'Go to hell'.",0,0,"Jan 12, 2003"
10,"if there was an 11, it would get it trust me!!!",0,0,"Jan  2, 2003"
7,"Cool Coo Kewl musicianship! Not very catchy songs some of them. sorry",0,0,"Feb  9, 2003"
10,"I can only give it as high as a 10 which sux cuz its the best CD i have heard since 'the sickness' by disturbed and mudvayne has been and will always be my fav band.",0,0,"Apr  2, 2003"
10,"the shit! i like the others but the music just sucks you in in this album. if this is your kind of music go out and get this CD",0,0,"May 30, 2003"
9,"it needs poo poo!!!!!!",0,0,"Jul  2, 2003"
10,"dude this cd is freakin awesome it deserves a ten come on",0,0,"May  5, 2005"
10,"AWESOME!",0,0,"Dec  6, 2002"
10,"i gotta say this is a good album because ive always liked MuDvAyNe since the begining and i'll like them to the end. if you are smart find the song 'goodbye' and listen to it, it fuckin rocks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Jan 14, 2003"
10,"i agree with js by saying of course ld50 came straight from the soul and even trying to compare the end of all things to come with it is pure ignorance",0,0,"Jan 14, 2003"
10,"The best thing to come out of the music scene since Tool's Lateralus. Amazing bass playing and time changes show how well they have progressed and a band. More melodic and certainly more heavy that L.D 50. This one stays in the cd player.",0,0,"Jan 18, 2003"
10,"Kick ass!!!",0,0,"Jan 18, 2003"
10,"this album was the shit it fuckin kicked ass and is the best fuckin album to hit the shelfs since Black Sabbaths Master of Reality",0,0,"Jan  9, 2003"
10,"this cd rocks the house and if you dont agree then do yourself a favor right now and take all your cds and burn them cause you have no music taste at all",0,0,"Feb 16, 2003"
10,"It must feel good to be able to make music this great.",0,0,"Feb 24, 2003"
10,"this is the best cd ever it kicks ass",0,0,"Mar  7, 2003"
10,"I cant see how you couldnt like this LP it took me a month to get it it was worth every dime",0,0,"Mar  9, 2003"
10,"this album fuckin ruled!",0,0,"Apr 14, 2003"
10,"this cd is incredialbe and chad (A.K.A. chud) has the roar of a fucking god",0,0,"May 27, 2003"
10,"I swear and live by this cd... it saved my life... those lucky bastards.",0,0,"Aug 21, 2003"
10,"If you don't get Mudvayne, you don't get them. Sorry. They are just in their own league.",0,0,"Apr  7, 2005"
10,"love this album",0,0,"Feb 17, 2007"
10,"i am listening to the end of all things to come as i write this review. The album is such a masterful peice if art that anyone who has somthing negative to say about it clearly does not know how to listen to music.",0,0,"Dec 19, 2002"
10,"Their look is cool, but get past it and you'll hear really amazing complex music. This is one of the best metal albums to come out since Meshuggah's 'Nothing.'",0,0,"Dec 21, 2002"
10,"mudvayne stays true to the channel they're tuned into. these f'in critics are soiled diaper babies that need their asses spanked for being mental invalids who need spoonfed tunes.fire them!!!",0,0,"Dec 28, 2002"
9,"Lightyears beyond the last album...a must have for any Loud Rock fan.",0,0,"Dec 30, 2002"
10,"this is heads and shoulders above what i expected. amazing.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2002"
10,"I bought this album the day it came out... and i havent taken it outta the player yet! Mudvayne will always be at the top in my books... their music engages the soul, and makes one reflect further upon one's life.",0,0,"Jan 14, 2003"
10,"The album is progressive and a fresh new way to hear heavy metal. The only thing better is seeing Mudvayne live. Saw them at the Filmore in S.F.. They kicked ass!",0,0,"Jan  9, 2003"
10,"Kick ass!!!",0,0,"Feb 13, 2003"
10,"slipknot sucks now stone sour is gay so is murderdolls.Mudvayne is the best band there is fuck all the wanna be pussy shit. Mudvayne rock on dont quit go, pussy or commercial. fuck off jeremy mcmurtreyand camron barela",0,0,"Feb 27, 2003"
7,"I really enjoyed 'Not Falling' and 'World So Cold' for their use of melody in them. I like the rest of the album for it's just really awesome musicianship. I can't give it a ten though, because I think this album was not mixed very well at all. The guitars are too quiet at parts when they should kick, and I really missed hearing the kick ass bass from L.D. 50. But a solid effort with insane time signatures like 17/8 and 11/8 in one song; now that's cool!",0,0,"Feb  8, 2003"
10,"i would give it like a 5000000 but it only goes up to 10. best album ever. mercy, severity is the best song",0,0,"Feb  9, 2003"
10,"This Cd kicks ass! That's all there is to it!",0,0,"Mar 11, 2003"
10,"this is the the best album I have ever heard",0,0,"Mar 11, 2003"
10,"the new CD is f-in great its full of killin and gore thank god he died",0,0,"Mar 19, 2003"
10,"This is the best sonic assault on all your senses without losing thier main goal of maintaining their artistic intigrety. The critics are full of shit because they know they could never duplicate this absolute musical masterpiece. They defy the current trend of metal bands going completely melodic, which isn't bad. They just go all out on this album. There is nothing generic here, this album is going to be a base for the future. Like it or not, MuDvAyNe is a big part of the future of music. If you disagree, or want to voice your opinion, my e-mail is melissa@w3az.net.",0,0,"Mar 21, 2003"
10,"I think the album kicks ass and the critics that don't like it can fuck off!",0,0,"Apr  1, 2003"
8,"Most of the stuff is good shit, but some is medeocre common stuff.",0,0,"Apr 14, 2003"
10,"Mudvayne is graetist band of all time, Noone will ever come close to tham.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2003"
10,"It if definitely evident that MuDvAyNe has evolved throughout the entire musical carreer. The End Of All Things To Come is just the epitome of what an original rock band is supposed to sound like. MuDvAyNe's lyrical content are real.....they are an adage to what the band has experienced wholistically and individually, it gives their fans the feeling of musical satiety, and allows the first time listener to see with their ears what they are all about. To me, the critics no linger matter.... they are just a reflection of what society wants you to think of certain genres of music.....and MuDvAyNe has consistently been a victim to unparallel, pessimistic scrutiny. Undoubtedly, their style is a prerequisite to becoming a legacy in the rock world. I guess i just want to say.... MuDvAyNe kicks major ass!!!",0,0,"Jun  6, 2003"
10,"I LOVE IT..mudvaynes kicks total ass!",0,0,"Aug 18, 2003"
10,"mudvayne rules no doubt about it so hahahahahaha to all of u people who dont like it",0,0,"Aug 19, 2003"
10,"its awsome",0,0,"Sep 15, 2003"
10,"Sooo awesome! I've been rockin out to it a lot lately.",0,0,"Sep 29, 2003"
10,"i am god and whatever i say is good is good! mudvayne is awesome.",0,0,"Jan  7, 2004"
10,"OMG i love it I love there cds mudvayne is the best band in the world.....and plus Chud is super Hott and=yeah",0,0,"Mar  4, 2004"
9,"WOW. The critics really suck. Mudvayne deserves above 80 and every song on this album is sure to impress some shape or form that is deep into the heavy metal genre. I guarantee them to anyone who wants my opionion on this kind of music.",0,0,"Mar  8, 2005"
9,"The critic reviews are why I dont buy any of those magazines. None of them care about this genre of music, so why bother at all. I am a huge fan of LD 50, and this album. I cant believe some of the previous reviews of 'The End of All things to Come'. This album is one of my favorite over the past 5 years. I listen to everything from John Mayer to Men at Work. I am so looking forward to hearing 'Lost & Found', (Mudvaynes newest album). If you like metal, or just good music, then dont believe the hype. Get this one, put it in your cd player, roll down the windows, and let it rip!",0,0,"Apr 13, 2005"
10,"This is one of the best CDs out there, I cant stand when those magazines get people to Review them, and they dont like that genre. But anyways, this CD is probably the best one out there, from the Paitent Mental to World So Cold, they live up to their Nu-metal status. World So Cold and Silenced are my favorites. Though World So cold does start out a little slow, It gets good. And everyone says its not as good as LD 50, Dont listen, this is a great CD and deserves a great rating",0,0,"Apr 21, 2005"
10,"A must-have CD for heavy metal fans.",0,0,"May 14, 2005"
10,"Great cd... the 'big' critics don't know what they are talkinf about because they are mostly pop magazines. We like Rolling Stones and Timberlake, we are qualified to tell about Mudvayne. This cd i s a must have, it's been out for 3 years now, if you don't have it, go get this and LD 50",0,0,"Jun  9, 2005"
10,"mudvayne rox... i hope they release a new album. silenced, not falling and skrying are some of my favourite songs",0,0,"Jan 24, 2006"
7,"Whoever called this 'emo' obviously classes everything that isn't Justin Timberlake into a catch-all 'goth' catagory. Beleive me, a true emo wouldn't listen to Mudvayne...Mudvayne actually pronounces words in their music, something Emo's don't respect. This is a decent followup to L.D 50. One thing that is better this time around is that the album is cleaned up (has less filler content). This album lost some of the nu-metal fans of L.D 50 because it isn't in-your-face-screaming and riffs, while at the same time putting itself in that overhead catagory of 'metal' that makes most people turn away from it before even listening. Poor condition to be in for sure. This album however does have content that deserves respect. If only for tracks like 'World so Cold' which bridges the gap between metal and songs with actual lyric (one of the best songs on a metal album).",0,0,"Apr  1, 2006"
7,"This CD's pretty good. The song style gets old after a while, but there are some catchy riffs. World So Cold is an awesome song.",0,0,"Jun 12, 2006"
10,"For all you who voted less than an 8. You are not listening! This album reaches me on so many levels it is not funny. NO other band has influenced me more than MuDvAyNe. Not to many lead singers out there can reach the level that MuDvAyNe dominates. Dont be hurt! If cant handle it. Dont listen. By the way MuDvAyNe is working on there 5th album right now!",0,0,"Aug 16, 2006"
8,"Excellent cd, especially the first half of it. World so cold, not falling, mercy,severity, perversion all amazing songs. gives l.d. 50 a run for its money, but i would rank it a little lower, though im glad there aren't all those excess tracks l.d. 50 had",0,0,"Mar 31, 2007"
8,"Wow. I had no idea this album was not well received by the media. It freakin' rocks!",0,0,"Feb 19, 2008"
10,"sad to find out the reviewers hate Mudvayne and rank this as 55th worst reviewed album on here. This is a great album it deserves full score 90% at least. The people who put down this album have no idea about the style this band is playing, dont listen do them.",0,0,"Apr 18, 2008"
10,"this album is fuck'n awesome if you don't think so you suck ass.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2002"
10,"This is a awsome CD! I have never owned anything better! MUDVAYNE KICKS A$$!",0,0,"Dec 24, 2002"
10,"The Album is Great. I love the name change and your new look.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2002"
10,"I am at disgust, for these critics to have such negitive thoughts! Sure L.D50 was a creation on pure soul, but from the darker level for all of the MUDVAYNE family. The End Of All Things, is a 2nd step to open your eyes on a softer note!",0,0,"Dec  3, 2002"
10,"this album is awesome it is the best yet.",0,0,"Dec 31, 2002"
10,"this cd is kick ass, if anyone disagreesm you can just go to hell!! its fuckin awesome!!!!",0,0,"Jan 19, 2003"
10,"THis album fucking rocks and yall can't say that it don't. The best song in this album is 'World So Cold'.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2003"
10,"This album is so amazing! When i bought i went home and listened to it over and over again... Mudvayne is by far the best band ever and this album and there others help me prove that.",0,0,"May 13, 2003"
10,"Badass CD",0,0,"May 28, 2003"
10,"Even though I can hear the influence of many different bands...tool, korn, metallica...even the quirkiness of primus .....I feel MudVayne's synthesis gives well-worn metal formulas new enery and life! Loved this CD!",0,0,"May 29, 2003"
10,"This is the best cd that I have ever listened to THE SHIT",0,0,"Aug 28, 2003"
3,"I really liked LD 50, their previous album. Maybe that's why I hated this vomitous, tuneless follow-up so much: rather than build on its predecessor's intriguing sound, they've simply made an album that sounds like bad Nothingface covers performed by a stoned cat in a trash can. A few terse riffs escape unscathed.",0,0,"Sep 17, 2004"
1,"Dreadful. Fake, poorly-realised lyrical angst set over horribly derivative riffs. L.D.50 was a pretty good album compared to the rest of the nu-metal scene at the time, featuring some very imaginative bass riffs and a superb production, but Mudvayne evidently ran out of ideas at some point, because this is just pants. And badly-produced pants, at that. One to avoid.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2005"
9,"This album is a great follow up to L.D. 50. It retains a majority of their break-neck power and time changes, but balances with enough melody to show how much the band's sound is maturing. Don't get me wrong, I loved L.D. 50, but for everyone that says they don't like this cuz it's 'not as good as' L.D. 50, I have an idea, go listen to L.D. 50. For anyone that wants a solid metal follow-up with just enough maturity to shine, listen to this.",0,0,"Feb 18, 2005"
5,"I must say now that I am still a great MuDvAyNe fan. They have influenced me in ways that i'm still exploring. In L.D 50, I am continuously finding more and more new, exciting, and amazing things that make me realize just how great this band is. The album has great meaning to me and is one of my all time favorite pieces of music. For that reason alone, I truly feel let down by their new album. It lacks the depth, intricacy, and pure emotional feeling that LD50 had. After getting to track 10, it feels like the band had run out of ideas and was getting tired. I understand that truly great music just can't be popped out of thin air, that it must have feeling behind it, and I feel that MuDvAyNe shouldn't have rushed this album. I can only hope that these four fine musicians can understand that they automatically set their standards exceptionally high with the masterpiece LD50, and now they must try to keep up to those standards. But I keep faith in the fact that great music can still exist in my time, that it all won't eventually be corrupted by money or fame or laziness or underachieving attitudes or whatever nasty powers there are. MuDvAyNe, take some time to listen to L.D. 50 and then take a good hard look at your new album and try to truthfully say that you are proud of it.",0,0,"Dec 23, 2002"
7,"DUDE! this cd kicks ass! it was kool 'cause of the new song not falling(vesion02) chuug really needs to get a new hairdoo he sucks with it all down. but don't all of the songs rock? one of my most favorites is world so cold, i think they need a new lead song 'cause the lead song ''the end of all things to come'' really sucked. And i think they need to stop yelling on almost everyone of their songs it makes me not want to listen to them any more. but don't get me wrong they're still rock hard metal kool!",0,0,"Dec 28, 2004"
9,"just a quick correction, for anyone who commented on this band saying they were emo, U ARE A FUCKING RETARD!!! u have no idea what metal is do u? this album isnt for a bunch a rampaging suburb dwelling reject cry baby sucks, fully dressed in black, makup and dumbass haircuts covering one eye, wtf is this crap, they arent even close to emo. get a grip.",0,0,"Nov 15, 2006"
9,"If you like kittie you like this album",0,0,"Jan 18, 2002"
8,"Kittie is unfortunately being viewed as a novelty band just based on their gender, birthplace, age, etc. And I guess that can be expected just by looking at these girls, but they kick the crap out of your eardrums from the opening song and I think kick the crap out of a lot of their male counterparts out there.",0,0,"Oct 19, 2009"
10,"This CD comprises a little bit of every facet of rock from the hard rocking Under my Umbrella and Nice to Know You to the chill 11 am and Are You In. Every song is good and this is by far their best overall album.",1,1,"Mar 10, 2008"
10,"This is truly the peak of creativity for Incubus. It showcases the ability of each band member and the cohesive ability of the band as a whole. From beginning to end this album is orchestrated flawlessly in a perfect crescendo of energy and thought. It finishes nicely with 'Aqueous Transmission,' bringing the overall energy of the album to a calm. This album follows the normal curve of listenability and sophistication.",1,1,"Jun 22, 2007"
10,"definitely the best Incubus album to date, it has something for everyone every song on the album is a good one but Just a Phase is My favorite song they've ever done",1,1,"Feb 12, 2011"
2,"I used to love Incubus. Then they got popular, cut their hair, and began making albums like this. And so I was forced to sell all their records and cut off another link to my youth. Bastards.",0,1,"Aug 17, 2002"
2,"music made for MTV and modern rock radio. Lifeless and dull drivel. 14 year-old teeny-boppers would realy like this.",0,3,"Nov 20, 2001"
0,"It really deserves a 5, but it gets a zero because we're forced to listen to this crap on the radio all the time. Uninspired melodies, cliche vocals, boring scratching, nothing that stands out in the least.",0,1,"Jun 11, 2002"
10,"Quality Just a phase is the best song i have ever heard. It i sthere along with a selection of amazing songs in NTNY Circles 11AM BOTG Mexico Echo UMU and AT and the rest are all quality",0,0,"Apr 18, 2005"
10,"the fact that incubus can make every single album totally different, and yet so great, is absolutely beautiful. its the only different music out there today. its not the i hate my life lemme slit my wrists music, its the life is great, live for the moment, and open your eyes kind of music. so fuck all you naysayers.",0,0,"Aug 10, 2002"
10,"This guys rock, and this album its amazing, i like the way they blend all that sounds and all the styles without being repetitive or boring",0,0,"Sep 27, 2003"
10,"This album gives you a taste of the bands louder notes, and also gives you amazing, slow sung, relaxing songs. What makes me the happiest is that this band is a lyrical genious, and thats evident in eveery song.",0,0,"Jan 17, 2005"
9,"Excellent album. What made it bad was the odd hard rock track and the mix of beats.",0,0,"Jan  2, 2002"
10,"Incubus has yet to disappoint me. Since the release of S.C.I.E.N.C.E the band has not failed to create truly original songs.",0,0,"Jan  9, 2002"
10,"This cd shows all that incubus stand for it has spectacular musics and its worth buying it and listen to it all day long",0,0,"Apr 16, 2003"
7,"the undefined credibility of mark's guitaring-is fucking great",0,0,"Feb 25, 2004"
10,"This is a great album. Varied and interesting with great melodies. Its also nice to hear a rock album without the tedious rapping that afflicts too many bands these days.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2001"
10,"i'd rather crap my pants and listen to morning view than read the paper on the toilet",0,0,"Feb 12, 2002"
10,"A great blend of both really good rock songs, right down to a mellow ballad, this CD rocks, go out and buy it!",0,0,"Feb 17, 2002"
2,"Incubus throws out nearly all of their style and class with this dull, boring, lifeless follow-up to the delightful, raw, and hi-tech Make Yourself.",0,0,"Jul 10, 2002"
8,"great music from a band that has turned into a great band. forget those distorsion and screaming voice-added. this is music",0,0,"Aug 26, 2002"
9,"Songs like 11am have unbelieveable melodies. production quality is awsome throughout. Their sound has really changed as they've matured. Although the performances are less technicle than in their previous albums they make great easy to listen to rock. two thumbs up",0,0,"Nov  5, 2003"
8,"Good overall CD. Nice music and melody and good use of Asian flutes and string instruments on 'Aquenous Transmission'. Pretty good vocals by Brandon Boyd also. I especially like the cover and CD art. My only gripe is that DJ Kilmore's scratching needs a little work.",0,0,"Jun 26, 2003"
7,"Come on guys, don't downrate so much. It's nowhere near as good as their older stuff (S.C.I.E.N.C.E., Make Yourself), but it's still Inubus and it's still good. It's a lot mellower (on the whole), but if you're into that, than it's a really good album.",0,0,"Apr 21, 2004"
10,"good album very mellow good mix of heavy and light rock",0,0,"Jan 25, 2005"
10,"One of my favorite albums. Critics may not appreciate it, but through this album you get to know Incubus, you can feel the bonds of the band. It's a mix, but mostly soft and natural. Play it on a cool summer evening and watch the magic.",0,0,"Apr 19, 2005"
10,"An awesome album from an awesome band!! Incubus are amazing. Everytime i hear a song from this band i feel inspired. They are deffinatly one of my favourite bands!! Their lyrics are so clever and thoughtful. These guys are amazing. Buy this album...along with all the others, its worth every penny!!",0,0,"Apr 21, 2005"
9,"I really love this album, this is definately their best album so far. There's so much variety, they start with two awesome rock tracks, followed by the super relaxed song wish you were here. You can't open an album better :D But also song like 11am and Mexico are very good. They prove that incubus is also very capable of making ballads. At the same time they have some very special songs like the jazzy are you in, and the oriental song Aqueus Transmission. Mix the before said with awesome hard rock tracks like blood on the ground, have you ever and under my umbrella and what you get is an almost perfect blend of different songs, that strongly connect as one piece at the same time. The only slight disappointments are just a phase, and echo, but even those songs can be appreciated after a few times listening... Conclusion: stop reading this and start listening Morning View.",0,0,"May 27, 2007"
10,"i love this album , i think its close to being their best. If you like every single side of Make yourself , youll love Morning View. It dont have the hardcore funk and rap attacks as the past albums , but the group has grown up alot and really shown some awesome riffs and great lyrics in this new album . you have to get this cd !",0,0,"Nov  1, 2001"
10,"awesome. thats all I can say. It goes with your every mood",0,0,"May 23, 2002"
8,"This album is beautiful, so mellow. Its a contrast to all there other albums which was suprising but i love it!",0,0,"Dec 25, 2004"
10,"my personal favorite album of all time.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2005"
9,"I have never been high and I think that Incubus is probably the greatest popular band of this era. Critics don't like Incubus because they are either too old or too uptight to enjoy music with any link to metal. P.S. If anyone cares what Rolling Stone magazine thinks, they have never played an instrument or mattered (with slight exaggeration attached).",0,0,"Nov 29, 2006"
10,"A masterpiece. Must own album. Nothing else can be said. NO ONE makes music like this. 100% original and relevant.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2007"
10,"i thought it was an awesome albulm. a variety of tunes, instraments and note that came together perfect. i don't know what the hell the critics heard it sure wasn't the morning view.",0,0,"Feb 23, 2007"
10,"Incubus is one of the top bands of today. Better than 'Make Yourself', and any other album that's come along in quite a while. I am a long-time fan, and I really love the way that their music has matured, and their sound has gotten even better. Very impressive effort. Buy it today, and don't listen to the critics above. It is so much fun to listen to!!!",0,0,"Dec 11, 2001"
9,"Incubus always felt different to the other bands , in way that can be compared to the hyped Linking Park ( that somehow changed their genre in a uncomfortable way ) . Morning View is the perfect album that distinguish the bands style and that it makes it proud of the early 2000's era well remembered.",0,0,"May  8, 2012"
7,"I sometimes get some of the songs from this record confused with Make Yourself. Understandably, they have the feeling and tone, making this album more pivotal in their career. I would give Make Yourself a 10 out of 10 because it came first and has some of the best rock songs you'll ever hear. This feels like a rehash of those ideas which doesn't make this a failure, but an above average album.  Aquarius Transmission is kind of a departure of their sound and is just a beautiful song.",0,0,"Sep 20, 2011"
9,"Make Yourself is the critical and fan favorite for indicating this band's high point, and understandably so. But there is something to be said about the follow up, which retains all of the quality of its predecessor-- and one might argue, then some. The diversity of this album is greater than in anything previously, and it'll take you for a ride, culminating in one of my favorite finishing songs of all time-- 'Aqueous Transmission'-- which will lull you to sleep in the best way possible.",0,0,"Sep 17, 2013"
10,"A seriously good album from a seriously good band. Incubus is currently one of the best rock bands in terms of musical quality and this album proves that. Never get sick of Morning View...",0,0,"Feb 21, 2015"
0,"slayer sucks and always sucked they should fall dorment and ill and have his larynics carved out with a spoon",0,1,"Dec 18, 2001"
10,"One of the best purchases I've ever made...",0,0,"Sep  6, 2004"
10,"wish i could give it 11on 10. Incredible. Fast, gruesome and dark. You can't pick one particular track. They're all brilliant!!!!",0,0,"Oct 12, 2001"
10,"Unrelentless, brutal, accurate, moving. Slayer have never dissapointed, the sound is fresher and the anger is even more evident. Simply the angriest, heaviest, and most clear-cut album I have ever heard. Slipknot is a joke compared to this.",0,0,"Nov  9, 2001"
10,"this is one of slayers best albums...it goes to show that they get better as they progress....i also like the theme and the album name...props to slayer on this one",0,0,"Oct  2, 2001"
10,"hatefull with a purpose the best around",0,0,"Oct  2, 2001"
10,"Brutal, in your face, no prisioners metal madness. Just what the doctor prescribed.",0,0,"Oct  9, 2001"
10,"Stay fuck heavy metal.I never ear most amazing band than SLAYER this is realy crazy.In USA,MEXICO and all the world LONG LIVE HEAVY METAL",0,0,"Apr  1, 2003"
9,"Slayer are back with a vengence. After some overly technical releases and an over-produced (but still great) album of punk covers the return to their bloodied and defient roots and scare the hell out of everyone with this brutal rampage of an album. There are a few forgettable tracks but the killer tracks Disciple, Exile and Payback prove they still have what it takes.",0,0,"Dec 20, 2004"
10,"Absolutely excellent album, this and Diabolous are different from the prior albums - but both have full rich and nasty sounds.",0,0,"May  8, 2004"
10,"Most powerful Slayer CD. A rush from start to finish.",0,0,"Aug 14, 2005"
10,"Okay, I dont listen to metal ever, and I'm not sure as to what their other albums are like but I'm pretty sure this is probably the most (tastefully) progressive metal album I've ever heard. Beyond how exhausting it is, it's a thrillride with (most importantly) something to say. It puts alot of other bands that have hid behind their image to shame. (For anyone who cares, I normally listen to Wilco, The Beach Boys, Big Star and Sonic Youth to put it things into persepective, for the 'non-fan'I guess)",0,0,"Oct  3, 2006"
10,"Possibly the best Slayer album ever. Certainly in the running with Reign in Blood and South of Heaven. Whoever is saying Christ Illusion is a true return to form and citing Seasons in the Abyss as its inspiration is missing the point with Slayer entirely. Seasons in the Abyss is a 7 at best, and Christ Illusion doesn't even match that. Sad, after the brilliance of God Hates Us All.",0,0,"Aug 22, 2006"
7,"The most brutal Slayer album ever. I don;t know why so many hate it. Of course, it's not the unparallelled gem that Reign In Blood is...but it's my 4th favourite Slayer album after RIB,Seasons and Christ illusion(yes, you read that right..Christ Illusion).",0,0,"Apr 17, 2007"
10,"One of the best Slayer albums ever",0,0,"Nov 13, 2001"
10,"wish i could give it 11on 10. Incredible. Fast, gruesome and dark. You can't pick one particular track. They're all brilliant!!!!",0,0,"Oct 12, 2001"
8,"Well... it's not seasons... but damn it brings me back. definatly a must have for past, present and undoubtedly, future slayer fans.",0,0,"Oct 17, 2001"
10,"This album is one of Slayer's best. This record kicks ass from start to finish",0,0,"Oct 22, 2001"
10,"Their best album since Reign in Blood. Sounds more refined and more focused that on Diabolus... and Divine. Exellent cd!",0,0,"Oct 25, 2001"
10,"This cd is one of the best... Now, if it's better than Reign in blood, that would be a question for the century because I am totally unsure. But, the cd goes back to the Old Slayer... The way I like it",0,0,"Dec  8, 2001"
10,"fuck off.they rule.the best thing out there",0,0,"Oct  7, 2001"
10,"THIS ALBUM IS A WAY OF LIFE!!!!666",0,0,"Oct  8, 2001"
9,"kicks ass. if tired of the new metal rap scene, then this is were you are at, south of heaven strikes again",0,0,"Sep 14, 2001"
10,"HOLY SHIT THIS ALBUM'S AWESOME",0,0,"Feb  6, 2002"
2,"This is pathetic. 8 albums in 21 years or somein'? When your 40 something years old and still talking about how god hates us all and killing people, you know your fuc*ked up badly. Nothing but lazy old men.",0,0,"Apr  8, 2002"
6,"it is a true return to form for slayer. they havent made a decent record since dave lombardos exit back when the released seasons in the abyss. this is still hard to listen to. reign in blood is where its at.",0,0,"Jan 10, 2005"
10,"Slayer are back !!!!!!!!",0,0,"Nov 19, 2001"
10,"Slayer has never displayed rage so accurately.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2001"
10,"Slayer is, and always will be the one who would remain after nuclear winter and slaughter the poseurs where they may still remain. This album goes to show that its not about the nookie or the motherfucking end of everything.....This is real metal, refined metal and if you are anything close to human and have a rebellious mind...I highly recommend this satanic relic",0,0,"Oct 13, 2001"
10,"Slayer is, and always will be the one who would remain after nuclear winter and slaughter the poseurs where they may still remain. This album goes to show that its not about the nookie or the motherfucking end of everything.....This is real metal, refined metal and if you are anything close to human and have a rebellious mind...I highly recommend this satanic relic",0,0,"Oct 13, 2001"
10,"Slayer's best since Seasons. Incrediblly powerful and intense. Easily the best CD I've bought in years.",0,0,"Oct 24, 2001"
9,"Brutal, heavy and totally unmerciful to those who cannot stand this kind of heavy shit. Play this way too loud at night and you can feel every dark and demonic forces crawling themselves around you...",0,0,"Oct 25, 2001"
10,"For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Sons: SLAYER",0,0,"Jul 11, 2002"
0,"This album caused my brother to go to rehab. And it is gay and whats up with god hates us all?",0,0,"Jul 15, 2002"
4,"For Slayer it's terrible! There's none of thier classic demonic riffing like in reign in blood or show no mercy. Kerry King can NOT sing either, Tom's not the lead singer anymore. Slayers made a change for the worse in this album.",0,0,"Dec 31, 2005"
10,"Kickass trash metal music.This is the most brutal music by slayer.It brings out the darkest feelings from deep inside of me.Its as venomous as me!!!people who cant stand it can kiss my venomous ass!!!",0,0,"Dec 14, 2001"
5,"Well, this album doesn't deserve that score. Songs does not have that unique Slayer atmosphere in my opinion, it sounds so generic. Riffs are not enough fast, wicked and complex. They all sound same and all of them are repetitive. Tom is just yelling, it's not his style. I can't hear 'real Tom' in this album. I just can't hear the brutality. Solos suck as usual. The only song that I love is Disciple. That's it. It would be good album for a generic band maybe but not for Slayer.",0,0,"Feb  8, 2014"
9,"One of the best albums in their discography!
Every song is cool.Pure Slayer through and through!
I like Disciple most of all.
Energetic , awesome job!",0,0,"Sep 15, 2015"
8,"This was Slayer's first album in years that sounded truly legitimately angry. After the nu metal tendencies of Diabolus in Musica, fans were left wondering if Slayer had begun to ababdon their roots, and this album quickly eradicated those fears. Songs such as 'Disciple' and 'Bloodline' are right up there with classics such as 'Angel of Death' and 'War Ensemble'. 'Payback' is one of the angriest, least commercial sounding songs to be released by a band with this much recognition. The lyrics are full of profanity on some tracks, unlike earlier albums, but this tends to work to the band's advantage, as Tom Araya sounds like he's far beyond his breaking point on these songs, like he's legitimately going to emerge from your speakers and tear out your eyes and rip off your flesh. God Hates Us All is terrifyingly brutal.",0,0,"Mar 26, 2016"
10,"Every song on the album sounds great to my ears and nobody else sounds close to their greatness of alternative metal and great vocals by the two singers.",9,9,"Jan 13, 2011"
10,"every song have single potential and with a classic include in the album like chop suey i love all the minutes hearing it. its one of the best rock albums of recent memory",4,4,"Jul  4, 2012"
10,"I've never hated a single song by System really.This is one of their greatest albums in my opinion.And Chop Suey has mixed views on what the lyrics mean.One being it's about the 'Angels' being the 'Good' people who look away from those whose lives have been destroyed.The other being about Jesus.",3,3,"Jun  5, 2011"
10,"Absolutely brilliant metal record. A must. A perfect mix of amazing riffs, good rhythms and expressive feelings, especially with songs like Chop Suey, Toxicity or the sweet closing title Aerials .",3,3,"Jun 23, 2011"
10,"great album i especially liked aeriels, toxicity, and chop suey but i think that this is SOADs best album. BTW this album deserves way more than a **** 7.3!!!!",3,3,"Jul 28, 2011"
10,"Perfect",1,1,"Feb  2, 2002"
10,"The best album I have heard in 10 years (Pearl Jam, Ten). This music certainly psyches you up on your way to work. Complete brilliance. The dynamics are close to matching Metlallica's 'Master of Puppets'.",1,1,"Mar  1, 2002"
6,"My only problem with Toxicity is the lyrics being way too repetetive (most noticable in the song 'Science')and songs being too short.  What really bothered me though, was the almost-unlistenable screaming done in the choruses of some songs.  But the instrumentals are amazing and the song's verses do have some great rhythem.  It's not terrible, but it's nowhere near perfect.",1,1,"Nov 17, 2011"
6,"After listening to Toxicity (the track), Chop Suey, Forest and Aerials I thought it'd be a good thing to check out the whole album, considering I really liked these songs. However, the first five tracks already gave me the feeling that this ain't the right thing for me. If I would've listened to this 4 years ago I would've liked it more than I did now, back when I preferred heavy metal adrenaline rushes over meaningful songs. From the first 5 tracks I suppose Needles has its moments and Deer Song isn't all that bad, but Chop Suey is the first song from the album that I can call good. The 5 earlier tracks are just too bumpy to stick, I could listen to them over and over again and I would barely remember anything from them. Same goes for Bounce. Forest is still definitely metal, but has a more serious nature, a bit like Chop Suey. ATWA and Science both started promising, but what supposedly are the climaxes of these songs are mediocre. The tracks are rather good, however, but only because they aren't too much of hyperactive metal songs as songs like Bounce or Shimmy. Psycho is pretty much another adrenaline rush/chillrock mix, and as usual I prefer the chill parts. Aerials, the last track is truly the best from the album, it has quite a lot of symbolism in the lyrics and isn't bumpy or unnecessary hyperactive, truly, everything in this track is optimalized and shows how much SOAD really has as a band, the bass picking is very nice, the guitar riffs are powerful, but don't oppress the vocals. Speaking of which, this track vocally is also the peak of the album.Overall, this album could've been way better than it was. No, I am not a metalhead, so maybe that's why I couldn't enjoy this as much as some other people, but I like every music genre as long as it's performed the right way. SOAD is a great band, but Toxicity as an album is just OK. It has its moments, but that's about it, for me it was an album with 4 great songs and a lot of fillers.",1,1,"Mar 17, 2012"
5,"I suppose that most of the 10s for this album are because of the song Chop Suey! Yes I admit that it is a brilliant song, but the album that it is featured on is not at great as this song would suggest. There are some good songs on this but for the most part its boring art-metal with overly political anti-American lyrics that get tiresome quickly. Credit is given to Serj Tankian's impressive singing range and the brilliant guitar work from Daron Malakian, and also to the songs Prison Song and Chop Suey!, the shorter 2 minute songs however are purely filler and are uninteresting.",1,1,"Jan 18, 2014"
0,"The CD is a blaphemous and a slap in the face to anyone who know's Christ as Lord.",0,4,"Feb  4, 2002"
5,"Has the world gone mad? System Of A Down at their very best are mediocre and most of the time juvenile and even childish. Do yourself a favour and listen to Metallica or Tool instead.",0,1,"Jul 27, 2003"
3,"it's commercial, it's sellout and everyone who claim that it's a masterpiece you guys don't know music. There is thousands of bands(hardcore and metal) that are more energic more emotional and more fun to listen to. Just an example for you: Poison the Well",0,2,"Mar 10, 2002"
0,"This album blows!! Anyone who takes this band seriously should be shot and flayed!! Rage Against the Machine will always be better than this crap!!",0,4,"Jul 27, 2004"
5,"Didn't like the album at first, but has grown slightly on me in the last couple months. Lyrically, some of the songs are just childish. Musically, some songs are well put together, others are a waste of time. Mediocre. There is better stuff out there.",0,1,"Jan 31, 2005"
3,"Guitars have been around a long time but in the history of the earth humans and instruments have never come together to form a more perfect sound. Compare this to Bethoven and I think you'll agree, SOAD are simply better. This albums rawks so hard it killed my cat. God came down from Heaven and signed my cd cover! My parents were going to divorce each other but after they heard this album they were set straight. Thanks for saving my family SOAD",0,5,"Nov 22, 2005"
5,"A 5 for production and effort, but System don't really do anything particularly creative in this record. Frankly, the whole politics in music thing automatically puts me off (not because I'm too apolitical to understand, but because I prefer my music to be unbiased by political affiliation). Most of the tracks are repetitive in the extreme, with the good bits sounding suspiciously like something that Mr. Bungle would have thought of before they sadly imploded. The fact that there are so many 10 ratings kinda reflects badly on the metal scene in general - and if ANYONE ELSE says 'original' or 'groundbreaking' I swear I'll punch them. People, there is a whole world of great music out there. Stop being content with the plagiarized crap that MTV spoonfeeds you and use your imaginations.",0,2,"Nov  5, 2005"
3,"One of the worst albums i ever bought. It had three good songs (Chop Suey, Toxicity, Aerials), but all the rest is chaotic, badly written and the lyrics are pure crap. Can't believe i wasted my money on this album.",0,1,"Apr 27, 2005"
4,"They have two structures: fast blast with screaming choppy sentences and slowed down guitar with chingly things in backgroud suplemented with attempts at melodic singing. Back and forth it goes in the most repetitive fasion. In terms of lyrics the themes aim high but are crushed by terrible writing resulting in simply a lack of intelligence. Individually songs are interesting but as an album the flaws become more than obvious primarily the simple structure disguised to seem polyinfluenced.",0,1,"Nov 18, 2004"
9,"This album is crazy. Chop Suey! (regardless if anyone hates it) is probably the best song ever. Aerials is amazing as well. gReat job.",0,1,"Dec 22, 2012"
10,"System Rocks! almost as much as WEED Peace",0,0,"Apr 20, 2002"
10,"It is awsome all of the songs on toxicity rule.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2002"
10,"This cd kicks huge ass and if u dont like it yer retarded",0,0,"Mar 20, 2003"
9,"Well, 9 is just fine for this album for the only reason that it may be brilliant but does not reach the perfection of theyr previous album AEnima(to wich I give a 10) Danny Carey is a very inspired artist and a scientist after all and Maynards voice is just a musical instrument that came out of heaven played by a performer tha came out of hell.I would like to make something clear here.Dream Theater Has not influenced tool at all.As a matter of fact,Dream theaters drummer states that his favorite band is tool and in the latest Dream theater album and in the album before that everybody can easily see the influence that AEnima (released in 1996) had on Dream theater.I didnt like the artwork much though...",0,0,"Oct 25, 2002"
10,"the best out there",0,0,"Apr 10, 2002"
10,"This cd blows my mind! I've never heard anything quite like it. Fucking incredible!! I love hard rock music with changing tempos and this is the best of that kind i've ever heard by far.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2002"
9,"a brilliant album. when i first saw them on kerrang i thought, Who the fuck r these? but then i listened to the song, witch happened to be toxicity, loved it, and brought the album next day!",0,0,"Aug 10, 2002"
10,"System Of A Down rules this unholy world!!",0,0,"Oct  6, 2003"
10,"This album rocks...period!!! the balence between the drums, guitar, and bass is awesome, not to mention the way it seems to come together with the vocals.",0,0,"Aug 10, 2003"
10,"i love system of a down and diz album ... but i cant find any of their concertz???",0,0,"Sep 23, 2003"
10,"umm i'm not quite sure wat's wrong with the people at 'Uncut' but unless you're really close minded and have no general taste in music SOAD kicks ass. and so does this album. enough said.",0,0,"May 24, 2004"
10,"My favorite bands are probably Radiohead and Modest Mouse, but System of a Down is really something different. I really really like this cd. It is very chaotic and unrestrained by boundaries that hold other albums (such as following a predictable music pattern)",0,0,"Jul 13, 2004"
10,"the album is totally superb never to be beaten by system or any other band for that matter",0,0,"Dec  7, 2005"
10,"This is the only band i lisen to and the only one i will a true FAN here. There concert here in Tx on the 11th was the best I have seen from them yet and iI hope to see them agien real soon keep Rockin SOAD",0,0,"Aug 24, 2005"
10,"not enouf reviews to give it justice aerials toxicity chop suey prison song needles deer dance bounce and all the others is stunning there arnt enough reviews from critics above to do justice to this masterpiece systems best work to date",0,0,"Jan 12, 2006"
10,"I LOVE this CD! So good, and so thinkable (does it exist? lol)! Chup Suey's my favorite, and I CANT understand how u can give 30/100 to this CD. It maybe the best ever from Soad. Well, for now, its my favorite!",0,0,"Mar  4, 2006"
10,"There best album! Its fast paced! Amazing! Stylish! And funny too! Any metal fan would agree it's amazing!! I wouldn't class it as 'nu-metal' though. Fuck that uncut guy he has no sese! Anyway, great album! Soil, P.L.U.C.K, peephole and suite-pee = amazig,",0,0,"Apr  3, 2006"
10,"this song is freaking awesome! SOAD is the best band ever! keep rockin' out yall!",0,0,"Mar 20, 2007"
10,"if you've come this far and you liked the last album, you're wasting your time sitting here, go get it. From Hard Death to Light Melody in a single song, brilliant...",0,0,"Oct 12, 2001"
10,"if you've come this far and you liked the last album, you're wasting your time sitting here, go get it. From Hard Death to Light Melody in a single song, brilliant...",0,0,"Oct 12, 2001"
10,"impossible to classify. they have come a long way since their first recording. The melodies have an almost comical feel, while touching on the gravest of issues. intense and brilliant",0,0,"Oct 16, 2001"
10,"SOAD is a great rock band that still doesn't take them selves to seriously even with all their success.",0,0,"Nov  7, 2001"
9,"system of a down has gone to another level with their music while still having the addicting sounds that made the first album great.",0,0,"Oct 21, 2001"
10,"I LOVE IT. AND I LIVE FOR SYSTEM!!!! Every day i hear toxicity!!!! SYSTEM I LIVE FOR U!!!!! Its just to bad that system is not coming to denmark :o( BUt i still live/love them!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Jan 24, 2002"
10,"Having seen System of a Down live and listened to their albums i fail to see how anyone can not like this fantastic and groundbreaking original band",0,0,"Jan 30, 2002"
10,"This cd kix Azz!!",0,0,"Feb  1, 2002"
10,"great material, with true meaningful lyriucs about what is really going on in the world, not like that mtv shit. Dont just listen to the music, but rather HEAR the message being given in the lyrics...soad forever...DOWN with the system!!!",0,0,"Feb 12, 2002"
10,"i love this album and toxicitys music its not as boring as most bands out these days coz the music is so full on and fun to listen to . to toxicity keep up the good work and dont listen to the critics they dont know what they're on about!!!!!",0,0,"Feb 16, 2002"
10,"Very original. Can't stop listening. Come out with more guys!",0,0,"Feb 20, 2002"
10,"A must have for any fan of hard rock, System of a Down's Toxicity combines intense rhythms, great vocals, and incredibly well-done guitar and drum-work. The melody of a song can switch from slow and melodic to upbeat and loud in an instant. The lyrics are well written, and they touch on major issues such as drug use, homelessness and overcrowding, and police brutality. Bottom line: if you're a fan of rock, get this CD.",0,0,"Feb  2, 2002"
10,"SICK!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Feb 23, 2002"
10,"I think this album is one of the most brilliant albums anyone has put out.This album mixes metal and funk to create something (sic)",0,0,"Feb 28, 2002"
10,"I LOVE SOAD! This is definalty the best CD out there!",0,0,"Feb  4, 2002"
10,"This is best metal album i've ever stumbled over! It has some of the war at heavy metal style to it, but it's better because of the way they use there softer melodies. I wasn't going to buy it until I heard it when a person put it on in my school weight lifting gym, and now I cant stop listning to it!",0,0,"Feb  5, 2002"
10,"sweet album,system of a down kix @$$!!!",0,0,"Feb  5, 2002"
10,"Well basically all i have to say is that S.0.A.D like totally rock! They are way kewl and they are like so out there!!!!!",0,0,"Feb  9, 2002"
10,"I cry, when Angel`s deserves to die.",0,0,"Mar 17, 2002"
10,"Anyone who states that this album is sellout must be retarded...........it ROCKS!!!",0,0,"Mar 25, 2002"
10,"It's great-get it",0,0,"Mar 29, 2002"
10,"Another one of the best albums I have ever owned. They must make another CD",0,0,"Mar  3, 2002"
10,"I love both albums chop suey goes down a treat at the Crypt (club in Hastings)",0,0,"Mar  5, 2002"
10,"i love this album my cd got broke",0,0,"Apr  1, 2002"
10,"this is great!!!",0,0,"Apr 16, 2002"
10,"Theres nothing i can say to do justice to this absoloutley awesome album! its the shit! the more I listen the more good it gets!",0,0,"Apr  4, 2002"
10,"YEAH!",0,0,"Apr  5, 2002"
10,"this is what we rock when we ride",0,0,"Apr  5, 2002"
10,"Best album I have ever heard...buy it, you'll love it. I did",0,0,"Mar  2, 2003"
9,"This album rocks and is the best of the year but it is not as good as there original album'system of a down' but it is still a great album",0,0,"Mar  7, 2003"
9,"This album is really original, and I believe Uncut is clearly brainwashed by modern music, because their theatrical singing kicks ass! I've heard very few people do what SOAD has done and they deserve credit.",0,0,"Aug 31, 2003"
8,"it's my fave band but denifintely not my fave cd of theirs, s.o.a.d self titled was much better but this one still kicks ass",0,0,"Sep  9, 2003"
10,"this is absolutely brilliant! i picked up this album just for 'Aeriels' but got totally surprised by how great all of the other songs are! 'prison song' 'needles' and 'ATWA' are amazing but my fave is the unmissable 'Forest'. S.O.A.D i salute u",0,0,"Oct  1, 2004"
10,"Toxicity best song everr!",0,0,"Aug 27, 2004"
10,"Best Album Ever Made!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Jan 10, 2005"
10,"the best album ever made by anyone anytime .period",0,0,"Jan 20, 2005"
10,"i love this album i've had it since it came out and will never put it away",0,0,"Feb 21, 2005"
10,"incredible album raising many...interesting topics",0,0,"Mar 30, 2005"
10,"just FABULOUS",0,0,"Jul 29, 2005"
9,"Wow... this is an awesome album. Seamlessly combining heavy metal with slight elements of punk and rap (minus the suck factor), they've created a masterpiece. Leading off with the insane 'Prison Song', this album keeps you riveted until the final song (the suprisingly calm, bu still awesome, 'Aerials'). This album (especially on hit single 'Chop Suey!' and the title track) has some awesomely intense moments, and while it may not be as heavy as other metal albums, it still rocks out loud. Only thing keeping this away from a 10 is how it kinda drags in some places. Great job, SOAD.",0,0,"Sep  9, 2005"
9,"Although it's not their best piece of work, haunting melodies, socially aware/'quacky' lyrics, and crushing riffs make this album absolutely incredable. Good work, mad professors!",0,0,"Apr 19, 2006"
10,"This has to be one of my favourite albums of all time. It's exhilarating from start to finish, and Serj's voice is amazing. You can listen to it again and again and get the same rush you did first time listening to it. Out of this world",0,0,"Oct  8, 2007"
10,"amazing record. from 'prison song' to 'aerials' SOAD takes you for a hell of a ride. if there's a top 5 albums of this century so far, this is easily in the top 5",0,0,"Feb  9, 2007"
10,"GREAT ALBUM! i love it, best album ever heard! better than mezmerize, i think mezmerize is designed for mainstream, but toxicity is SOAD itself!",0,0,"Apr  6, 2007"
10,"Amazing, so diverse. SOAD songs can jump from one place to another in an instant. Amazing melodies with the same 'craziness' of the first album - best album yet of the 21st century.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2001"
10,"Its crazy, just like it should be. Damned awesome.",0,0,"Nov  5, 2001"
10,"the most original sound from a metal act that i have ever heard, it blew me away. it doesn't get any better than this",0,0,"Oct 16, 2001"
7,"I was seduced by the amazing dynamics of Chop Suey! and decided to take a chance on this album which I knew would probably be the heaviest thing in my CD collection by far. I can't say I love it, but I still like it.",0,0,"Dec  9, 2001"
10,"I really like this CD. It has 'fun' lyrics and informs us of things about prisons. All the songs are good. I skipped over none. If your into rock, you'll likely like it. But if you don't like some shouting here or there, then this is not for you.",0,0,"Sep 11, 2001"
10,"The best album of the era!",0,0,"Sep 19, 2001"
10,"Definately one of the best albums to be released in recent years. Hard yet harmonic, intense yet smooth. The kiddies love it and so they should.",0,0,"Nov 30, 2002"
10,"This album kicks ass, im not into hard rock, but this is definitly an exeption, the vocals are theatrical, yet total make you want to 'air gitar' - Must recomend as it will change the way most feel towards Rock/Metal especially with 'Chop Suey' Keep Rocking Dan",0,0,"Jan 30, 2002"
10,"best albulm since SLIPKNOT.",0,0,"Feb 10, 2002"
10,"the best discovery of the decade, urge to move our body and spirit.",0,0,"Feb 14, 2002"
10,"First album that i have heared in a while where i like ALL the tracks last one would have been 'Master Of Puppets'",0,0,"Feb 22, 2002"
10,"Awsome. Truely awsome. If 'Bounce' doesn't get everyone at your local rock club onto the dancefloor and the DJ pogo-ing along aswell then I'll eat my copy of the album. With 'Chop Suey!' and 'Toxicity' they've surpassed the magnificence of Sugar. If the professional reviewers are so out of touch with what people actually want to listen to then I'm going to apply for a job! First class.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2002"
10,"My oh my: can system be any better, i think they really lived up the fan expectaion, I belive this album proves the are a great band, my fav Aerials...very haunting",0,0,"Feb  4, 2002"
10,"This Cd rulz!!",0,0,"Mar 11, 2002"
10,"Yea.... this music rocks..... can't stop listining to it. It is really awesome and gives alot of great fun ;) I have to say that the lyrics are really well written and describes the war as it is....",0,0,"Mar 22, 2002"
10,"This album is the BEST",0,0,"Mar 24, 2002"
10,"kicks ass",0,0,"Mar 26, 2002"
10,"This album is the BEST",0,0,"Mar 30, 2002"
10,"Slipknot's follow-up to their massively successful debut album does not disappoint. This is their darkest work, and it shows. Some say the very numerous expletives are unneeded and lose effect, but they just can't see that the words help convey the dark and disturbing sound that Slipknot aims to bring to their sophomore effort.",5,5,"Dec  4, 2011"
8,"Slipknot is no stranger to either ends of the ratiing spectrum. A lot of people will rate them 0-2, because they either don't like metal or don't think their metal enough. A lot of other people, most of the former think are 14-15 year old kids like myself, will put them in the 8-10 rating, simply because it's Slipknot, and Slipknot is the most badass thing they've ever seen (sarcasm intended). Ultimately, it doesn't matter. All nine members of Slipknot don't give a shit whether or not you like their music or not, which I guess is fair enough, considering they've fluctuated between styles enough to have even thier most hardcore fans hate them. The other thing to remember is that music a subjective matter. One's favourite band might by one's hated band. Hell, even google has their own opinion on who the worst band in the world is. Those who think that Slipknot aren't heavy enough, or that Slipknot is too heavy are entitled to thier opinion, and this is something that even Maggots need to realise. Arguing isn't going to get anyone anywhere, and it certainly isn't going to make any kind of music any better. That being said, Iowa gets an 8 from me, simply because the lyrics intelligently cover themes from misanthropy to the music industry, thier sound is deep and layered, and is one of, if not the heaviest album they've released to date.",3,3,"Sep 10, 2009"
10,"best ,heaviest , craziest **** ive ever heard. i todaly dig this crazy, horror nu-metal genre. i like their first album too i got them all .but too sad they arent a nu-metal band anymorethe two first albums by slipknot where aggressive and dark and more of a teenager anger you know as you get older you sort of get tired of that",3,3,"Aug  3, 2011"
9,"Woah! Head banging magic here! If you're feeling a bit angry or need a good head bang this is the album for you. Disasterpiece is awesome along with **** and The Heretic Anthem :D Best songs on there!",2,2,"Nov 11, 2010"
10,"I love this album. This album has the perfect tone of intelligently placed lyrics which includes words I've never even heard of, and every song in the album is really good, especially Heretic Anthem and I Am Hated. Overall, I give it a 10/10 for the sheer genius, the hard work, and the beautiful tone of the music.",2,2,"Jun  1, 2012"
4,"what can i say? it has those dark appealing songs like skin ticket, but the laughable lyrics/vocals and horrible music sucks it dry.. as far as a mood album goes, i would rate it higher. i think it's perfect music to put on when in a certain mood. but as far as actual good music with substance? hahahahaha. no.",1,1,"Apr 29, 2002"
6,"The worst of the 3 cd's, but it does get better after playing it through a couple of times. Except for the songs that just plain suck. Like 2 on the entire album so it isn't to bad.",1,1,"Jun  1, 2005"
10,"This album is the most brutal album to ever reach number 1!",1,1,"Apr 17, 2007"
9,"This is one of the most brutal albums ever created in the nu-metal scene. If you look underneath all the brutality and the seemingly unorganized noise, you'll notice that songs like 'Heretic Anthem' and 'Metabolic' need the skill required by some of the best guitarists ever. I doubt even classics bands like Iron Maiden and Metallica could play this fast in their prime. Though some parts of this album didn't really mix in, over all is a collection of heavy songs getting progressively a little less heavy but much more darker and meaningful. From the first actual song, People = Shit (which is basically a big fuck you to conformists and critcs alike and that your petty judging can get on anyone's nerves) is a perfect example are controlled chaos. Through the whole song it seems like it's going to go all to pieces but it all manages to work out and become a Slipknot classic. The next song to catch my attention was Everything Ends. This is a very emotional song and shows how the lyrical writer for this song (either Corey Taylor or Nathaniel 'Joey' Jordison, since they both write the lyrics for the band) has had a hardship that made them feel like everything is a lie. In some cases, I myself can connect to this song. Next comes Heretic Anthem, which though not lyrically deep, is more focused on the skill to actually the song. Double bass drumming and James' guitar playing stick out in this song. I am Hated is one of my favorite on this album. This song goes back to their nu-metal roots, rapping and rocking equally, keeping a perfectly balanced harmony (harmony is a bit ironic but it works). Finally Iowa. This behemoth of a song (timed in at 15:05 minutes) drags on the first few listens but after getting used to it, it's haunting and it has become my personal favorite. What really intrigues me about this song though is that Corey Taylor showed up for the recording of this song naked, bleeding, and drunk which makes the success of the recording that much more appreciable.",1,1,"May 13, 2008"
10,"whoever voted below a 6 on this shouldn't have even voted, they are just trying to downgrade an amazingly written album by the knots. 10/10 for me!! rock on and keep playing hard dudes! ''",1,1,"Dec 11, 2006"
9,"awsome thats all u just gotta listen",1,1,"Sep 13, 2006"
10,"Great album. Second heaviest album by Slipknot, All Hope is Gone being the most heavy. Though this album is a masterpiece, though not single heavy like all the other albums. This is an album you have to listen straight through to fully enjoy it, except for People= Shit, Disasterpiece, and My plague can be listened to as singles. It's hard to explain. I'm not saying the other songs are bad, I giving it a perfect score, they are all good. This is more technical then the first album, and like all the others has the brilliant real and true vocals of the greatest vocalist of all time Corey Taylor.",1,1,"Mar 14, 2009"
9,"There's a rage to this album that you're not going to find anywhere else. It captures the essence of the out of place feeling teenager who's mad at the world. So obviously it's perfect for anyone who wants to scare their parents, but upon closer observation you'll realize it's something much more than that. It takes the sadness, anger, and hurt that we ALL feel inside and puts them into words infused with an aggressive sound. That's truly impressive.",1,1,"Jul 16, 2014"
10,"Slipknot's IOWA is by far the best metal record of all time because no matter what else I listen to the very second I hear 'people=s***' my interests in other music is facemelted and headbanged away.",1,1,"Mar  5, 2012"
10,"This album is a masterpiece, DJ, Percussion, Sampling heavy downtuned guitars and a vocalist that shifts between Melodic singing to rapping to screaming to growling.",1,1,"Feb 20, 2013"
8,"Arguably one of the most brutal heavy metal albums out there, mainly because the band did not just paint this as a ridiculous attempt to make as much noise as possible or simulating monster growls. The brutality is also contrasted by melodies and singing throughout the album. Not as creative as their self-title album or Vol.3, but definitely a good album to listen to.",1,1,"Feb 18, 2014"
9,"An amazing metal album, with all the brutality of Slipknot. Only the choirs of 'My Plague' is a bitter sweet. But the sounds in 'Iowa' is awesome!!! BEST METAL ALBUM EVER!",1,2,"Apr 16, 2012"
1,"Its just loud noise and screaming",2,7,"Jul 28, 2005"
0,"All songs are similar.",0,3,"Feb  8, 2002"
1,"i had more fun pulling a tape worm out of my ass!!",0,3,"Dec  9, 2003"
3,"slipknot are an acquired taste, some songs for example left behind, everything ends and my plague are very well put together but the rest just sounds like theyve just screamed and added some shit guitar and drums and screamed a bit, these ARE NOT songs, these are almost unlistenable. I love my plague but DO NOT buy this album",0,2,"Dec  5, 2004"
2,"I admit i use to like Slipknot when i was first getting into metal. I use to think that it was heavy and all that stuff do to the fact that i had not heard other metal bands. Ounce i heard some other metal i soon relized that this music was shit and i couldent belive that i had been listening to it. I reccommend that if you like this album to go out and listen to some more superiour music, trust me you'll be glad when you find something better than this peice of garbage.",0,3,"Feb 20, 2007"
0,"just because this cheap excuse for a metal band put patheticly excessive blood and guts into a 66 minute album (all of which could have easily fit into 45) doesn't mean that it makes up for the complete lack of musical talent, or horribly written lyrics. this album has broguht the title of being 'metal' down to an ultimate low.",0,3,"Oct 22, 2001"
0,"this album is crap ! what can I say, it is total shite ! LIMP BIZKIT ,now thats a proper band !",0,2,"Jul 19, 2003"
2,"You people that are saying 'fuck the critics, they don't know shit' are idiots! If they didn't know what they were talking about then why have they not been fired and replaced by people that know what they're talking about?! Anyway, yeah this band does suck in terms of musicianship, lyricism, originality, etc. Anyone that knows anything about music or plays a musical instrument knows that, and yes that does include the band members themselves, they know this is total crap but they also know that all the idiotic white high schoolers that know nothing about music will eat it up. You're all clones.",0,1,"Nov  1, 2006"
3,"Awful...I'll take a Converge album over this stuff any day. They're much more intense, and they're so much better than Slipknot. This CD by Slipknot is just overdubbed nu-metal guitars and has little creativity.",0,1,"Dec 20, 2006"
0,"What can I say, anything coming from Slipknot will be horrid........... I just hope they relize this music is only there to make Goths/Poths feel better about nothing!",0,1,"Jun 15, 2006"
0,"if ur are older then 12 like gimmicky nu-metal and crappy sellouts this is perfect for you",0,1,"Feb 23, 2007"
0,"They seriously need to move past the attempted shock factor and lose the gimmicky masks. It's not metal, I would say it's not even good nu-metal but no nu-metal is good. When listening for musicianship all I find is a strewn concept of what real metal is and too much attention aimed at below average and totally immature lyrics. 14 and 15 year old kids seem to take to this band at an alarming rate... that's probably because the band themselves seem to be on the same maturity level as most of their pre-pubescent fanbase.",0,1,"Mar 16, 2007"
0,"OH MY GOD! Who wants to be yelled at through a CD? Of course none of you people. Metal heads????? pfffffffff meat heads is more like it!",0,1,"Dec 18, 2006"
4,"Probably one of their best albums, but still very bad. They can't make real music, or better, real metal. Totally disappointing band with 8 members. 8 MEMBERS! Half of them are useless.",0,3,"Dec 13, 2012"
6,"Iowa is generally good, but is the worst album of Slipknot.
Why? because it is too noisy little bit formal and exepcional.
It has good songs and good use of the instruments and grunts, but in the end went wide, nothing compared to his previous work, hopefully to give us something better later.",0,3,"Mar 15, 2013"
0,"This album seriously sucks bad. The self titled debut album was refreshing, new and exciting. IOWA however is formulated, forced and a little embarrassing. Overproduced garbage.",0,3,"Oct 27, 2013"
10,"i think this album has just opened a door for all other Death-Thrash bands out there but they all must exept one thing, and that is, They will all be in SlipKnoT's shadow. 10/10 for me.",0,0,"Oct  2, 2003"
10,"this is the coolest cd ever! it is so heavy i love james root and mick thomson",0,0,"Sep 12, 2003"
10,"Well I thought that Slipknot couldn't possibly get any harder bu they Have! This album is a physic assault on all senses and is a true masterpiece of thrash and nu-metal!! PEOPLE = SHIT!",0,0,"Oct 10, 2001"
10,"Well I thought that Slipknot couldn't possibly get any harder bu they Have! This album is a physic assault on all senses and is a true masterpiece of thrash and nu-metal!! PEOPLE = SHIT!",0,0,"Oct 10, 2001"
10,"the rage in 8's voice is so fucking motivating.",0,0,"Oct 30, 2001"
10,"I like this nuclear-powered band, excellent sound and great vocals.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2001"
10,"This album is better than the first, it's faster, louder, and harder than their first.",0,0,"Oct  8, 2001"
10,"this album is awesome i dont own it yet but i listen to a friend of mines and it totally rocks i wate intill i get it.",0,0,"Sep 23, 2001"
10,"Excellent noise",0,0,"Sep  7, 2001"
8,"starts off with all the best intentions (People=Sh*t, My Plague, Everything Ends, Heretic Anthem) but from there it is all the same and however great the title track may be when they start it singing, it sounds boring the rest of the time. good, but unsustainably",0,0,"Jul  5, 2005"
10,"OMG how can you all just log to hear and give 0-4 bad votes...You may have never even have head the album..it rocks..so so 9.0 Live..Vol.3 sublimina verses and also SlipKnoT..you have not lived till you have heard MFKR!!!..witch i also give a 10..all there Albums get a 10!..screw you disbeleivers and go to hell P.s. I love you all (non gay way) :D",0,0,"Jan 24, 2007"
10,"Iowa is the best album by slipknot! i love it",0,0,"Sep  5, 2007"
10,"SLIPKNOT IOWA is the greatest hardest thrashing death metal band cd ever!! It's great! I know all the parents and people are concerned about their vocals, but that doesn't mean that we are gonna start worshipping satan or kill someone. If you think your kid can't handle the responsibilty of listening to a type of music then don't let them listen to it. But for those who can this cd is AWSOME!!",0,0,"Oct 20, 2001"
10,"awesome awesome awesome",0,0,"Oct  7, 2001"
10,"This is great all the rockers out there you have 2 get it",0,0,"Feb 19, 2002"
10,"i think this is the best album of 2001......its lyrics instraments and vocals are amazaing",0,0,"Jun 22, 2002"
10,"The only people who don't like this album are people who still listen to 'Iron Maiden', or 'Judas Priest'. The future is here, and at the forefront is Slipknot, Korn, Mudvayne, Tool, Pulse Ultra, Marilyn Manson, American Head Charge, Disturbed, PH8, 30 seconds to Mars, System of a Down, etc. This album is one of the most incredible pieces of metal ever created. The fact that this band has been together this long and maintained their energy after going out night after night and blowing everyone away is simply astounding. The future is here.",0,0,"Mar 21, 2003"
10,"I LOVE IT. AND FUCKING LIMP FAGGOTZ BISCUITS R POZERZ, especially this fagass Fred Durst. He should be dead by now... Fucking cunt is not even a true artist.",0,0,"Sep 11, 2003"
10,"this is the only band that will ever kick ozzy's crackheaded, pot smoking, braindead self!!!!!!this album fuckin rocks!!!!1",0,0,"Sep 12, 2003"
10,"well i must say i have been a maggot for a long time i still remember when i first borrowed their first slipknot cd from my friend took it home and put it in my cd player listened to it and thought it was shit but then it grew on me and ever since i have realized that they siong about real shit its all this shit we can go through in life its not just noise whoever disses corey for the shit he sings about needs some help because i respect his views as for iowa there couldnt be a better album by them that album came out as a hit and will always be a hit to me and im strongly looking forward to their new album coming out on july 25th or 26th and looking forward to their new single pulse of the maggot on the 30th of this month",0,0,"Mar 16, 2004"
10,"I love this!! that's all I can say!!",0,0,"Mar  9, 2004"
10,"This album is a great improvement over there first, I would rate there first CD an 8.5 only cus I thought there was alittle to much screaming in it, but it was still good, and Iowa was an improvemnet on this, there are many songs on this CD where you can hear the lyrics, and judging by the song Pulse of the maggots, the new CD will be fucking awsome",0,0,"Apr  5, 2004"
10,"This is great album, fuck the critics!!!",0,0,"Mar 31, 2005"
10,"I Agree with Wahyu, Fuck the Critics, THey dont what the Hell they r talkin bout, except the ones that gave it a pretty good review, and atelast said it was good...but all the others r a bunch of stupid shitheads",0,0,"Apr 20, 2005"
9,"Slipknots self titled album is raw and heavy. Iowa is darker and has a deeper sound with a more i hate u attitude. Espcially everything ends in my opinion. For all those who criticize slipknot negatively and label them them as nu metal F*** U. there different. they sound different. they sound way F***ing better. if u actually listen to the songs other than the ones ur told about u mite actually think differently. 9/10 cuz this album has songs that relate to these jerkoffs who gave this album 0-6. remember !people=shit!",0,0,"Aug  7, 2007"
10,"Great",0,0,"Oct 11, 2001"
10,"awesome,great and interesting music.yeahhhh i like it.",0,0,"Oct 21, 2001"
10,"All the people against IOWA and Slipknot in general just don't know what Slipknot's about, that's all.",0,0,"Feb 16, 2002"
10,"Why this album may not be the greatest in the world... It should never be rated under 6. As for you people that rate it lower than that, you're a bunch of corporate little bitches, and suckers of satan's cock. And you know what, the music you listen to SUCKS. Grow up and hear Bill Hicks out.",0,0,"Aug 29, 2002"
10,"this is the best album out there and its beats all thoseemo punk bands and limp bizkit crap",0,0,"Nov 15, 2003"
10,"I've been a maggot for about 2 years now, and I am still one and I will be one for a long time. People just don't understand Slipknot. 'Slipknot sucks!', 'It's noise'. It used to be a problem to other people, and also myself. But now I really don't care about what other people say about Slipknot, or any other metal, deathmetal, grindcore, etc... band. I love this CD, because it's real lyrics and it takes out my anger when I listen to it. Ofcourse you can't forget the main reason why it's good...cause it's just so fucking good!!! Only maggots know where I'm comming from with this rating. I give this CD a 10, just like their other CD's!",0,0,"May 17, 2003"
0,"wow this album is so awesome, i couldn't stop headbanging for so long! and then i realized the same enjoyment came from the static on the tv! thanks slipknot!",0,0,"May 16, 2005"
9,"I am a true maggot and any one who isn't, is simply scare of whats better than them. This isn't my fav Knot album, but it is soo much better than any forced feed shit that anyone else listens to. Pull your head out of your ass and realise what something GOOD sounds like.",0,0,"Dec 22, 2006"
10,"I dont no why this album is so low! everybody says its slipknots best album yet, they give it a 3!!!.....but anyway this is probably slipknots beast album..... Its Very Heavy and its really dark!",0,0,"Oct 27, 2014"
8,"If you liked the heaviest sides of Slipknot on their self-titled debut, Iowa will be your new favourite album.
Like the 1999 debut, Iowa opens in incredible fashion with People = **** one of the band's best songs to date. And, again like the self-titled album, it doesn't let up even slightly until halfway through the album: Disasterpiece, My Plague, Everything Ends, The Heretic Anthem and Left Behind are all stone cold classics in modern metal music.
There are very few low points on this record, although you may find yourself forgetting a few of the later titles, but once you go back and listen to them you will remember how brilliant they are. If they were released on any other record, they would be the best songs on it.
Iowa is one of the most important albums of the modern era. It blew a hole through metal and rock music which left a lasting impression on the mainstream, too. With this release, Slipknot cemented themselves as the most important band in the world at the time, and it still more than holds up today.",0,0,"Jul 27, 2016"
10,"(I'm going to keep this review short, because this album is flawless)
The second album by Slipknot is also one of their best albums. The mix of brutal metal and dark lyrics is perfect. From 'Iowa', one of the darkest songs I've ever heard, to 'People = Sh*t' where the band is very heavy and brutal. Every song is packed with amazing metal. I can understand that not everyone like Slipknot (after all, they wear masks and have very dark lyrics), but if you can appreciate their music style and great heavy metal/alternative metal, I highly recommend this album.
Best song - 'Left Behind'
Worst song (less likeable) - 'Skin Ticket'",0,0,"Sep 16, 2015"
10,"This is the best follow up album ever written. **** is absolutely brutal and the title track has the most painful, burning passion I've ever heard in a Slipknot song. Definitely the best Slipknot album in my book.",0,0,"Sep  9, 2015"
8,"Many people will often refer to the 'sophomore slump'... when a band manages to release a stunning debut and ultimately has to follow its success. While I wouldn't consider Iowa a slump per se, it is not as good as the eponymous debut. Iowa is my third favorite record by Slipknot and I always felt that it lacked a certain energy and charisma that drenched the first album. I felt like Corey and the rest of the band were screaming for a reason as oppose to screaming simply for the sake of screaming. Some people may vehemently disagree with me but I still sense a lack of sincerity with Iowa while comparing it to their debut album. That has always been my biggest gripe, not onto what I enjoyed.
The lyrics are fantastic, Corey may use a certain four letter word that we all know and love a few too many times; but he makes up for it with a plethora of words that I had to look up. Thanks to album I now know what progeny is. I would have thought that word would have shown up on the SAT, but no...it was in a Slipknot record. Corey's use of metaphors and analogies continue to paint a picture of a dark and tortured soul that was present in the first album. Few vocalist can rival the pure unadulterated rage that flows through his teeth. When you hear this record you can really understand how Slipknot was the poster child for every pissed off teen that was overlooked by everyone and everything.
From a musical standpoint the band did get more technical, power cords and chugs are plentiful along with the signature percussive onslaught that helped to make Slipknots trademark sound. I enjoyed Jordisons double bass work though it seemed sluggish at times and not as creative as the work displayed in the first album. Jim Root and Mick Thomson continue to blend their sounds well and as I had mentioned earlier are able to create some memorable riffs that are indeed more technical. The tones are dark and eerie and will make the hair on the back of your neck stand straight. The album is taut from beginning to end and that can really be attributed to the guitar work of Jim and Mick.
The album is riddled with scratching and sampling but you have to pay very close attention or you might miss it. These instances are subtle but they make for great ear candy. Clown and Chris continue to scream and destroy while adding to the overall cathartic tone of the record.
Iowa still stands the test of time, it's more angry and brutal than the majority of the records being released today. Solid musicianship and excellent lyrics allow the band to pick up where they left off, but it still lacks the youthful spirit that made their debut a masterpiece.",0,0,"Jul 19, 2016"
9,"Iowa by Slipknot. A german review.
Das 3. Album der Maskenmnner versprht alles was man erwartet: Dunkelheit, Schnelligkeit, Hrte und Krankheit. Slipknot eben.
Insgesamt: 9/10",0,0,"Jan 12, 2016"
9,"My favourite slipknot album. seems to convey the common theme of not wanting to become apart of common member of society. for example, in new abortion 'zeros and ones are everything, execute me'. the shape 'seperate, i've lost my only way'. and the title track iowa, 'I take your second digit with me... love...
You are my first'. second digit meaning the digit that makes you yourself and first meaning you're apart of the zeros and ones. That's my interpretation anyways. Many people think it's about love or something. I do think Everything ends deals with the end of a relationship though. the only song i dislike on the album i am hated (which is ironic because that may make this review hated) because of the vocal presentation in the verses. the chorus is pretty good though. overall my favourite slipknot album and with tracks like People = **** left behind and disasterpiece its hard to argue that this isn't slipknots finest work.",0,0,"Jan 23, 2016"
10,"Arguably nu-metal's finest offering. It's the darkest, heaviest and by far the scariest album I've heard from the genre, and Slipknot's greatest album by far. It invites you in swiftly with its shout-along lyrics, catchiness, and tortured demeanour, which shines through especially on 'Gently' 'Skin Ticket' and the 15-minute title track. It's simply timeless.",0,0,"Apr 18, 2016"
10,"**** all the critics and **** calling this album an effort to scare mom and dad. This is a masterpiece of a metal album. This is Slipknots greatest. There is no rest for the listener and while listening Corey Taylor, the singer, he lets you in on some of his inner secrets and pains giving an emotional and disturbing feel to the album. 10 out of 10",0,0,"Jul 29, 2016"
10,"This is the album I keep coming back to over and over and over again! My CD collection would never be complete without this album and to this day, it is the only album to which I continuously listen. Each and every song is a testament to how talented Tool is. Listen to this album!",7,7,"Mar 21, 2009"
10,"I couldn't stop listening to Tool for an entire year. This album is a favourite. The poly-rhythms, intense guitars yet a far mellower-than-before sounding Maynard, give you a life long's worth of spine chilling, introspective, life-changing music.",2,2,"Jan 31, 2011"
10,"unflinchingly brilliant. its artistic and auditory delicacies may be lost on many, but its not their fault that they can't comprehend or appreciate greatness. they're just not that bright and Tool too sophisticated for them",1,1,"Jun 10, 2002"
8,"Pitchfork Now, with the early new century demanding 'opuses,' Tool follows suit. The problem is, Tool defines 'opus' as taking their 'defining element' (wanking sludge) and stretching it out to the maximum digital capacity of a compact disc. Fuck Pitchfork and it's whiny little voice. If Pitchfork was a person he would be the geek from High School scampering through the hall with his ripped, shit stained underwear from all the wedgies he gets. No wonder he hates Tool. This is the bully's music.",1,1,"Oct  6, 2007"
10,"My Definition of a Pitchfork Reviewer : Nihilistic too-cool to be cool E-head who masturbates over The Face magazine, thinks music is all about fashion, thinks music is all about interior decoration of their ego, thinks music should conform to 'coolness rules'.",1,1,"Aug 13, 2003"
10,"Critics are unreliable, plain and simple. I just sat and read the pile of crap written by Pitchfork and it is evident that they have no idea what decent music sounds like, let alone brilliant music. On to Tool. Maynard voice remains as astounding as with Aenima, filling me with as strange sensation of calmness. The rest of the band are on fire, from the buzzing rifs to the amazing drumming there is not one moment that disappoints. But where Tool truly shine is the hidden meaning behind their songs. You could listen to the Album in just over an hour and then take hours decyphering the meaningful lyrics. All in all a great album.",1,1,"Nov  9, 2007"
10,"out of site into mind",1,1,"Jan 12, 2002"
10,"My meaningless opinion, this is perhaps 1 of 8 perfect albums ever made. I don't understand the people who claim to hate Tool but spend their time talking about Tool and their fans. I don't understand reviewing something you admit you have never even listened to. What a sad, angry life you must live. I don't dislike you, I feel sorry for you. Oh yeah and allow me to lecture you on the importance of respecting people's taste in music as I bash Tool fans because of their taste in music. You really don't get it. It's okay though.",1,2,"Jan 20, 2012"
0,"Good, now that I have your attention... This album is most definitely not a zero when it comes to scoring, but I cannot see this album being a perfect 10 on this scale. It is a decent album and I love the music, but it is not enough to be perfect.",1,4,"Oct  6, 2007"
10,"Nothing short of absoltely INCREDIBLE. Finally a group has created an album that has surpassed the likes of Zeppelin and Floyd, this music isnt just amazing in its structure, it actually makes you see spirals and geometric shapes at parts of the album, and makes muscles in your legs twitch in rythm to the music, not main big muslec, but tiny intricate movements, feels like a wave of moving muscles. So much for music being so powerfull that you hairs on your arms can stand up, they have taken music to a new level.",0,1,"Jul  4, 2004"
10,"Greatest rock album of all time, Tool appeals to all senses. Don't believe critics, believe users. Critics rate Lateralus like chicken mcnuggets, I rate it as music and art. When it comes to that, it's a 10.",0,1,"Jul  9, 2007"
1,"tool has to be one of the most self indulgent bands in the world today",0,1,"Aug  8, 2003"
1,"So, perhaps I have just never been 'stoned out of my gourd' enough to appreciate this, but as it is, it feels extremely distanced, entirely unwelcoming. It's also the most atrociously overproduced, pretentious album in a long, long while. Tool hasn't released a decent album since Undertow.",0,2,"Nov  2, 2004"
0,"Boring, slow, tuneless, unremarkable, lame, pretentious, behind the times, completely categorical. Tool proves that a lot of people have no idea what makes a good, creative, palatable band. As for them being metal, Hall and Oates are more metal than they are. That whiny lead singer can't get enough of himself and obviously has a messiah complex. They know they've got control of Tool freaks' minds so they can make any lame nonsensical noises or lyrics and have them be revered to a quasi-religious degree. This shows the condition this country is in. It feels good to blend in with the congregation of Tool worshippers , doesn't it? Like religion, Tool's greatness is not to be questioned according to some posts. Like the TV preachers, Tool loves your money and is building up its own church. Don't be fooled by the anti-Christian stance, they have got their own religion with their own religious nuts who have been posting all over the internet. The music is bland and muddy, the drums uninteresting and plodding, the singer whining and self-righteous, the one-idea songs are moronic, and they are all lazy posers who have never learned to correctly play their instruments. It is a slap in the face that people will idolize Tool as the greatest band ever when there are thousands of better bands that deserve our attention and money. People are too lazy to find their own favorite group and do not like to search for interesting music. Better to fit in with all your Tool loving friends. For a real taste of metal, try Megadeth's new album. Forget Tool, they suck.",0,3,"Oct  7, 2004"
3,"I can't comprehend how anyone can love this music.",0,7,"Oct  2, 2006"
1,"Painfully boring, meandering garbage.",0,1,"Jul  7, 2008"
2,"Almost as bad as their other albums, but not quite. Nice cover graphics.",0,1,"Aug 27, 2002"
1,"Well, there is much to be said about Tool. Many people think they are satanic worshipers, but that is false. Tool may be wierd but they are not satanists, the singer has faith in God, isn't that as far from satanism as it gets? Any ways now that that's cleared, I may defend them from outrageous accusations, but they are really overrated and not even really a good band. People say the bassist is great when he uses a pick?! Come on, the real good bassists are Flea and, well I won't get into that. The giutarist is mediocre, the drummer is mediocre and the bassist completely sucks, making them a status of a below average band. People overpraise them when they really are not even very good mucisians. Good music comes from passion and actually knowing about your instrument. Not drummers that hit everything and bassists that use picks. Overall I hate Tool, and this album is just an example of how much they suck eggs.",0,1,"Sep 21, 2004"
0,"I'd have to agree with Miles as people see this more as art than music. Cause it's definetely not music. I don't know what it scores as art however since I'm rating it purely based as music.",0,1,"Sep 17, 2006"
0,"This bad proves people can like anything.",0,1,"Sep  7, 2006"
3,"Tool has been getting consistently worse. Not since Undertow have they made a generally good album and since then, their albums have been plagued with such an uneven sound that now, with Lateralus, it is nearly impossible to listen to the album the whole way through - especially when you could care less about what the rest of the album sounds like. Patience and tolerance are key here, and even that can't save you from the filler here. Plus, the majority of the songs from Lateralus sound like re-hashes of past Tool songs, with very few serving to inspire the listener to repeat the track. Also, like the Pitchfork review states, Tool opuses are not really opuses at all, but rather proof that Tool cares more for filling up a CD to its maximum than putting out listenable music. Should have been a five-song EP. Rating: 3/10",0,1,"Nov 29, 2001"
0,"THIS BAND SUX! IT'S SATANIC!",0,4,"Nov  6, 2001"
3,"umm...tool isn't doin anything new here. listenable for maybe ten minutes or so. go listen to some post-rock if you want something similar but quality",0,1,"Dec 25, 2001"
7,"Their defining element 'wanking sludge' (good one {Pitchforkmedia!). Ha Ha Ha. That's definetly true and sad about Tool's overrated guitar sludge. This band and this album particulary, are overrated by its listeners and their zombified fanbase. Overall, the album has some solid riffs and some impressive dymanic tension parts. Though it's much of what has been released in Tool's past records. Nothing out of the ordinay, Nothing that contributes to the evolution of rock and roll, but most importantly its accesibilty is only limited to a peculiar taste of rock. Radiohead's Kid A is the true testament of the 21st Century.",0,1,"Sep 19, 2005"
3,"I don't know why Tool is constantly breaking up their rhythms, in songs and along the album. As soon as something gets going it has to stop on a dime for a lonely note progression. The album is busted into pieces by tracks used entirely for noises and moans/wails. It's a trick played on the listener to not get too comfortable. It makes the diehard fanbase feel smart because they can stomach it. This band has the ability to outspeak the social conventions it's railing against which is what I'm hungry for, but Lateralus feels like a hideaway. Too sullen and unlistenable in spots to keep people from enjoying it too much.",0,1,"Mar  4, 2015"
3,"Generally a very repetitive and boring album. All songs sound similar. And there are way too much pointless intermissions between the songs trying to be dark and deep while actually achieving to be psuedo-spiritually annoying.",0,1,"Oct 25, 2015"
10,"this Cd kicks ass, those who dont think so can suck it",0,0,"Oct 10, 2001"
10,"Tool's music follows its own evolutionary path. The new paths are diverse and magical, eerie and enlightening. If you only own one album in your life, this should be it.",0,0,"Oct  4, 2001"
10,"In one word: perfect. The music performs circles around any other contemporary band, and the lyrics are poetry rather than just words that rhyme.",0,0,"Jul  9, 2001"
10,"I love Alien Ant Farm's new album 'ANThology'. It's like Michael Jackson joined a punk rock band! I love it! Rock on!!!",0,0,"Jun 10, 2002"
10,"agree with Aaron W - this album is more of a soundtrack to your personal spiritual awakening. It will be with me forever... food for the soul and delivered with love",0,0,"Mar 30, 2007"
10,"Easily the best album I've heard in at least 5 years!",0,0,"Oct  1, 2001"
9,"parabl(A) rocks... a little slow at times..... over all--GREAT!",0,0,"Jun  3, 2001"
9,"In your face rock, yet melodic at times. the only thing songs are extended unnecesarily.As a Whole the cd is the best thing out there at the moment.",0,0,"Jun  9, 2001"
10,"Simply amazing. So much deeper than all the lousy music (i.e. Staind, Limp Bizkit, Korn) that's out there. This album is actually deep and shows infinite talent. A ray of hope for the music world.",0,0,"Jul  2, 2001"
10,"open your mind",0,0,"Jul  2, 2001"
10,"Tool cannot possibly go wrong with their sound and intricate artistry. Keep up the good work and get in gear on the next albulm :)",0,0,"Jul  6, 2001"
10,"this is *real* music... uncompromising, brilliant, stunning, dark, iridescent, powerful, triumphant, original, intense, precise, vibrant, dynamic, and beautiful beyond words. Primal and cerebral all at once (no, that's not a contradiction!), with no compromises and zero waffling. Impeccable sense of sonic 'space.' And not one bit more technical than necessary--absolutely no filler notes or filler songs. Tool made this latest offering WAY better than anyone would have ever asked them to...a labor of love... a 12-gauge shotgun blast through the heart of stagnation; a triumph of brilliance over blandness, of inspiration over asinine posturing; of creative vision over A&R guesswork; of artistry over sludgy, bloated, commercialized poodling-around. Buy it.",0,0,"Jan  3, 2002"
10,"Album of 2001 without a doubt. Listen to it once and you won't get it, listen to it more and the more you get out of it. There is no other band like Tool and there never will be, so glad they got over the legal crap. Very happy to see all the good reviews here, guess I will never understand the retard that gave it a 3!!!!",0,0,"Jan  3, 2002"
10,"It is, the type of music that demands that you listen to the things you didn't hear the first 10 times. It is over the top on talent, and sound production is perfect. To those who hear it once or twice and say 'yeah it's ok but it's bla, bla, etc.', failed to listen at all and are not connected with the depth of thought it takes to understand the musical arraignments. Or possibly too tied up with the 'popular' instant gratification entertainment available to take some time to listen to one of the greatest compositions of sound ever created.",0,0,"Feb  4, 2002"
10,"The greatest album ever!",0,0,"Apr 13, 2002"
10,"Lateralus makes me question everything, because I understand nothing about it.",0,0,"Apr  5, 2002"
10,"This album blew me away. One of the contemporary albums best i own, right up there w/ Aenima and Radiohead's OK Computer. It maybe hard to get into if u don't listen to tool on a regular basis, but hearing the amazing ax work and drum solos will turn any musician on. Maynard, as always, proves to be one of the best frontmen alive.",0,0,"Jul 21, 2002"
10,"this cd is the greatest thing that has ever happened. TOOL is the greatest thing that has ever happened.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2002"
10,"Lateralus is a cornecopea of incredible sound taking electric guitars and percussion to a level equal to early classical music, innovative all in its own, years and years ahead of it's time.",0,0,"Jan  8, 2004"
10,"this has to be one of the best cds ive ever gotten. tool certainly doesn't conform to the formulated music that is so common today. you hardly find a good band with songs longer than 4 and a half minutes. tool goes beyond 11 minutes, and the drummer is definitely the best drummer ive ever heard. the drum and guitar coordination to make perfect sounds is unbelievable, like in Schism and The Grudge. I could go on and on about the perfection of every song on this cd, but it'd take too long. so basically, tool kicks every band of the 90's and 2000's ass. all the pitiful bands with a lack of creativity and originality, and to all you that say tool makes boring and 'overlong' songs, you can f*ck yourselves, because you obviously dont know the first thing about a good song, you dumbasses.",0,0,"Apr 28, 2004"
10,"one of my faves!",0,0,"May  5, 2004"
10,"I own over 300 albums, and this is my favourite. It takes a few listens at first, but persevere, listen the whole way through and enjoy the journey",0,0,"Oct 30, 2005"
10,"This album is an amzing display of talent, passion, and artistry in an amalgam of beauty. The user flew spends more time assailing things he does not understand. bassists who use picks are not good? He is a moron. Tool does not know their instruments? time shifts in precision lay that idiotic statement to rest.",0,0,"Mar  4, 2005"
10,"es lo mejor la verdad q se podria decir q mi mentalidad ambio radicalmente despues de escuchar esta banda simplemente son una leyenda viva",0,0,"May 30, 2005"
10,"best album ever.",0,0,"Jul  6, 2005"
10,"This is one of the most accomplished albums in rock music history. Lyrically poignant, instrumentally perfect, with haunting vocals, numerous gooseflesh producing choruses, and impeccable musical timing this album is one to cherish.",0,0,"Jul 13, 2006"
10,"Amazing. One of the best rock records ever made. Simply puts other bands to shame. P.S. Fuck you Pitchfork..most of your reviews just take the piss and put the artist/s to shame and you clearly have no idea what your talking about.",0,0,"Aug  9, 2006"
10,"Far and away my favorite overall album. That is not to say that it began there. It took time and many cycles through my audio receptors to get there. I remember a time, after its initial release, that I thought 'uh-ok. This is not what I expected'. Then one day, I was listening. My mind was in the proper place and the pieces all came together. There was an alignment and it made sense. If you don't get it, no problem. It's not for you. On a side note, I have noticed that INTP's (myself included) seem to be predisposed to this album in particular.",0,0,"Jan  7, 2007"
10,"Great album..... I have no idea how pitchfork does there reviews (some are good, some are wayyyy off). This is one of the greatest albums I've heard.",0,0,"May  3, 2008"
10,"Best album of 2001. Note the flaw in metacritic...1 bad review and the score drops significantly...",0,0,"Oct 13, 2001"
9,"shit i did something wrong oh well like i said i dont know this cd but i will soon enough ^-~chibizarbon^-^",0,0,"Oct 20, 2001"
10,"This album kicks ass, The bass and drums are tight and Maynard is as haunting as ever.",0,0,"Oct 25, 2001"
10,"Phenomenal and mesmerizing!",0,0,"Oct  3, 2001"
7,"Maynard James Keenan is demanding you sorry ass to listen to his album.",0,0,"May 20, 2001"
10,"They always evolve, from excellent to phenomenal....",0,0,"Jun 27, 2001"
10,"This album is one of the most mind expanding I have heard in a long time. You hear it in a different way every time you listen to it. Incredable, monumental..one for the ages.",0,0,"Jul 16, 2001"
10,"amazing art work, from the cover to the music, it's just amazing",0,0,"Jul 23, 2001"
10,"Lateralus is nothing short of a stellar effort that builds upon and (if such a thing is possible) transcends Tool's earlier works. Though I have been a Tool fan since the Opiate EP, I must admit that I was a bit disappointed with the overall pace of nima, their previous release. A part of me feared a repeat with Lateralus, and I had my finger poised over the scan button on my CD player to skip the indecipherable sonic filler that was all too prevalent on their last album. After experiencing Lateralus in it's entirety, I easily came to the conclusion that skipping tracks on this CD is not only stupid, but also completely unnecessary. It's rock-solid from start to finish. This is the first album I have owned in a LONG time that I can say that about. Truth be told, it's probably safe to say that it takes a more thoughtful sort of music fan to really appreciate the depth and intricacy of Tool's art. I challenge anyone who enjoys music to set aside some time, listen to this album with headphones, and not be gripped (and at times groped) by the sounds of this amazing band. Tool is the great 'anti-hype', the mystery wrapped in an enigma that continues to defy the expectations of a capitalist recording industry, continues to garner the support of new fans without overmarketing themselves, and continues to provide the die-hard ones with sounds that are unmistakably TOOL. They are truly one of the greatest rock bands of all time, and Lateralus proves it beyond a shadow of a doubt. If they don't go down in rock history for this album, then something is really, really wrong with this world.",0,0,"Jul 31, 2001"
8,"I feel Tool has made a album that surpasses anything out there right now. There music is'nt just thrown together like the new music out there. (respect tool for that)",0,0,"Jul  6, 2001"
10,"We wouldnt expect anything more beautiful and haunting at the same time than this album. The way it builds up from the 1 minute intro to maynard to the crushing blows of dannys drum at the end. The album is just clever, very clever. Everything you could ever want from music is here, beauty, anger, fluidness, anticipation. An awakening experience, as every Tool album has been.",0,0,"Aug 11, 2001"
10,"Tool is pimp shit, and i wanna fuck maynrd!!! bad",0,0,"Aug  5, 2001"
10,"no other band has their musical talent in rock. the songs should be called compositions instead of songs. this is truly one great cd if you have musical apreceation",0,0,"Aug  8, 2001"
10,"10...why?...have you listened to it?",0,0,"Sep 23, 2001"
10,"This album is awesome. It adds into a large collection of great songs.",0,0,"Sep  3, 2001"
10,"I try my best to be origional . I feel perplexed by comitting my feelings about my favourite band because I dont want to sound like everyone else . Tool is a band that is eternal , both musically and spiritually . Top ten of all time . You see it is very hard to sound origional , its an art . Therefor since I have not perfected by own personal origionality I will reframe from further rating this CD .",0,0,"Sep  5, 2001"
10,"I myself am a musician and I would like to say the Tool is one of the greates group of musicians around. They write beautiful music and beautiful lyrics that put my mind in a state of serenity (when I am sober or intoxicated). I reall yhope Tool wil continue their carees as musicians unitl they are no longer able to play, because when they are gone, it will be a sad day for the world of music.",0,0,"Jan  1, 2002"
10,"I think this is one of Tool's best works, they combine hard rock with slow melodies and not one second of the CD is not worth listening to a thousand times",0,0,"Jan 25, 2002"
10,"the epitimy of a perfect album. Undeniably the most fluidly moving ablum I've ever heard.",0,0,"Jan 28, 2002"
10,"Lateralus is an emotional aray of musical and lyrical dimentions of Maynard's intelect in words w/adam's guitar melodies is a perfect match.",0,0,"Jan  7, 2002"
10,"my rating for this album says it all!! for all u faggots that rate tool's music with a low from 1-7, can go $#%@ themselves!!",0,0,"Feb 23, 2002"
10,"This album is by far the album of the year. Although, not for the MTV mainstream rock crowd. You know the ones that actually like the modern day accurance such as every record label grabbing a band that sound exactly like the ONE band that made it big. I mean how many Creed's do we need? Exceptional album!!!",0,0,"Feb  6, 2002"
10,"In Lateralus, Tool have created a truly mindblowing musical vision - as thought-provoking as the monolith's in '2001: a space oddysey' yet just as intriguing, offering it's listeners the bands opinions about the meaning of life and our position in the cosmos. The inlay acting as a step-by-step guide through the album containing eye opening hidden messages for those that understand them. The music itself is complexing, twisting, psychological and epic - a true modern masterpiece that will inspire for years to come.",0,0,"Feb  8, 2002"
10,"well,the best album since years...tool is the only creative band now!NiN too..",0,0,"Apr 30, 2002"
10,"Just great! The best album since aenima",0,0,"May 15, 2002"
9,"I would give it a 10, but it doesn't seem possible. Honestly I should give it a 5 or 6, but that wouldn't seem right. Lateralus is the best CD I have ever heard. The reason I say 5 or 6 is because I know they have a few more GREAT CDs left in them, and if they keep doing what they are doing then they will only get better. I just cannot give this CD the best vote because that would mean their next CD would only be either equal to or less than in quality, when I KNOW that it is going to be better!!!!!!!",0,0,"Jul 26, 2002"
8,"A fine example of what rock should be about. EXCELLENT!!!",0,0,"Aug  2, 2002"
8,"Best mainstream album I've heard yet. And John L., there is an assload of bands that blow Tool away in terms of talent...check out Dream Theater, who probably influenced Tool quite a bit...",0,0,"Sep 28, 2002"
10,"best album ever.",0,0,"Oct  5, 2003"
8,"Deep, great music.",0,0,"Mar 23, 2003"
10,"Intricate arrangements and spiritual meaning too difficult for today's lame 'musicians' to match or even understand. This band is definitely the best around.",0,0,"Jul 19, 2003"
10,"This is the best Tool ALBUM so far. While Aenima might have a better group of individual songs, the flow, pacing, and collective experience that Lateralus provides is amazing.",0,0,"Aug  3, 2003"
10,"An absolutely amazing album from start to finish. A must have for any self respecting fan.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2003"
10,"incredible music, incredible live act, incredible",0,0,"Mar  5, 2004"
10,"UN-BE-LIEVABLE!!!",0,0,"Apr  1, 2004"
10,"this cd is quite possibly the most amazing cd ever created. maynard continues to craft lyrics that are very origional, intelligent and satisfyingly heartfelt. the album seems to just grab at you and take you on a very unchartered journey leaving you amazingly blown away from the music you had just experienced. the sound is origional with alot of depth and texture while at the same time being created with an extremely high level of skill. incredible album, my favorite and my highest praise to Tool.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2004"
10,"Best... Album... Evar...",0,0,"Aug  9, 2004"
10,"Ah... The first album by Tool that i was introduced to... The beginning of a new life I tell you. Tool are masterminded people and I love this album in all its glory! All their albums are outstanding and unique. For my favorite band in the world and their best album - Lateralus- I tell all you that aren't Tool fans and understand much: Learn to swim! ...UND KEINE EIER! Believe in nothing and question authority! To the understanding and great tool fans out there: Great Listening and over thinkning over analyzing seperates the body from the mind... (oh great now i got the song stuck in my head)",0,0,"Nov  3, 2005"
10,"This is an amazing album, so complex and emotional. It takes a bit for the music to sink in but once it does, you'll know this is the best Tool abum yet.",0,0,"Jan 25, 2005"
10,"Maynard has one of the greatest voices of all time, along with some of most ingenius lyrics. If you rate the music on mere talent and think silly guitar tricks is the only real music out there your a fucking idiot. These guys play exactly what they here in their heads. Every riff on that album sounds exactly as it should. The idea of 'sloppy' should never come into the picture. The album is driven by such a spiritual and musical force its unbelievable.",0,0,"Jan  8, 2005"
10,"this is an amazin piece of art work man, one of the most innovative and insiring pieces of music ive ever heard.",0,0,"Feb 10, 2005"
10,"Lateralus Is a true inspiration to all who take the time to soak in the meaning of its lyrics.",0,0,"Apr 10, 2005"
10,"the best peice of music ever created by mortal man. well, actualy, the best peice of music ever created by any being. God couldnt make music this good.",0,0,"May 11, 2005"
10,"This was great when it was released, and it has also aged very well. This is one of the few albums I have ever experienced that I can listen to years after its release (and not to mention for the thousandth time) and it still feels just so good. And I'm sure it will 10 years from now. These guys are amazing.",0,0,"May 24, 2005"
10,"Amzing very weird and original! mitical and calming! simply good for the soul!",0,0,"Jun 11, 2005"
10,"this is their greatest cd",2,2,"Jul 18, 2003"
10,"this music was somthing i realy could relate to , there's no song that i couldn't say that there is one song i don't like , they are all exalent like my feelings were written down for me , the music in every way is exeptionaly brilliont there is no critisism i could say for this band , Stained u rule never give it up .",1,1,"Jan 31, 2005"
10,"This is emotional music with great vocals from Aaron Lewis. This music has meaning and feeling, contrary to the crap most people listen to these days.",1,1,"Sep  6, 2012"
0,"I really hope the people that made this CD were thinking, 'Let's make a piece of trash and call it music!'",1,2,"Mar 22, 2005"
2,"Boring Boring Boring Boring excuse for rock and roll. A waste of time.",1,3,"Dec 10, 2001"
0,"a dull piece of garbage. That lead singer is fat, ugly, and annoying",0,1,"Aug 31, 2002"
8,":P",0,0,"Aug 28, 2003"
10,"Orpheus11 is a dushbag, he probably listens to Usher",0,0,"Apr 14, 2005"
10,"I dare you to show me a better metal album with so much real life influence. These guys are singing about my life, how do they do that without knowing me?",0,0,"Jul 24, 2001"
7,"This album is good- not crap. Aaron Lewis is unique- not annoying.Not as good as 'Original Pirate Material' though.",0,0,"Dec  1, 2002"
10,"Great cd.......if u like metal rock.....or stuff that pertains to that.....add it to your cd collection! Its great",0,0,"Aug 22, 2003"
10,"one of the greatest albums (ever)",0,0,"Nov  6, 2005"
8,"If you're into depressing lyrics with an alt-metal melody, you're going to like this. Altough the rest of the world disagrees with me, I really find this CD enjoyable, and very easy to relate to. Yes it has some of the worst rock songs in history. Take Epiphany for example, a song I entitle the worst ballad ever, only topped by Nashville country ballads. But if you look away from that, and focus on the better songs like For You, Fade and Can't believe, you might even like this album. 8/10",0,0,"Jan 31, 2005"
10,"Aaron Lewis' angst ridden lyrics completely capture so many of my own feelings. From 'all alone, I can't mend' to 'it's always raining in my head', the anguish is perfectly expressed. A great cd. Less angry than Dysfunction but just as good.",0,0,"Jan  1, 2006"
10,"one of da best albums, i own!",0,0,"Aug 17, 2006"
9,"well.. this album is very good and its songs like safe place,epiphany,outside give me all the pice that i nedd to carry on! i gave it a 9 cause i think that chapter v is better. and fuck u orpheus11 you mind suck.",0,0,"Jun  1, 2007"
8,"Some classic tracks on here",0,0,"Aug 13, 2007"
10,"I thought this album rocked because I can totaly relate to what they write about in there music,and if they come out with another album anything like this one,I will have it.",0,0,"Oct 11, 2002"
10,"this cd is fucking awesome! every song is good and is meaningful.",0,0,"Dec 29, 2005"
9,"Not a great fan of somewhat Metal genre , but this is one of my favorite Metal bands out there. Love the vocals of Aaron Lewis are nice, the guitar really sounds cool etc.",0,0,"Jun  1, 2011"
10,"This is Staind best yes all songs on this album could have been singles, The lyrics on this album are so heart felt i believe that this album is an all time great. Aaron Lewis is a one of a kind and there will be none like him enough said.",0,0,"Sep 13, 2011"
4,"There are a couple of good tracks on it, but basically not nearly as good as any of the previous albums...sigh.",0,0,"May  8, 2004"
8,"Once again Dave Wyndorf and co. continue to progress their sound by introducing new elements into the Monster Magnet sound, all the while remaining consistent and true to themselves. This band is definetly getting better with age and making New Jersey proud. 'God says No' brings some bluesy moments and more hooks than any of it's predecessors. This may be the most unapologetic, pedal to the metal, take no prisoners, old fashioned rock and roll band in the world.",0,0,"Sep 22, 2004"
8,"i thinnk this is a good albulm ....but not the greasted rock albulm of that yr.",0,0,"Nov  4, 2005"
7,"Really not a bad little rock record. Not a bad one at all.",0,0,"Aug 22, 2002"
7,"Good, more pop than the earlier albums though. Better albums are Superjudge and Dopes to Infinity.",0,0,"Apr 14, 2004"
0,"Sepultura were amazing with max....with the likes of well Everything. thankfully his new band soulfly are amazing....every album classic...as far as im concerned the next album after 'roots' is not 'nation' it is 'soulfly' ....too round off this album is absolute rubbish with recycled ideas taken from max and robbed everything max believes in",1,1,"Dec  9, 2004"
9,"This album is good, Its not comparable to to old Sep with Max.",0,0,"Aug 11, 2002"
5,"It's difficult for me to put down a hard working metal band, but 'Nation' simply does not bring the visceral strength of 'Beneath the Remains' or 'Schizophrenia,' and it doesn't come anywhere near the power Sepulura's monster twin peaks of 'Arise' and 'Chaos A.D.' Max is certainly not irreplaceable, but the new dude doesn't do much to compete with the mad Brazilian on the drum kit. And doesn't Derrick Green sound a little Jello Biafra-like on the song 'Politricks'?",0,0,"Apr  8, 2001"
7,"Certainly not another Chaos AD, Sepultura is still miles above most bands trying to lamely mix hardcore and metal. Previous reviewer is confused: Igor is still on the drums, always has been. Max, the OG singer, is missed, but not much: Derrick's 'screaming range' is wider in my opinion, with some nice growls and even slightly singing some bits. The vocal production seems a little lacking, but the emotion is there and the band is more together than on Against. They've still got a message.",0,0,"Feb 21, 2002"
10,"it is great album,but max is a legend,derrick is just a good singer",0,0,"Oct 24, 2003"
5,"Nation by Sepultura. A german review.
Das erste Album mit Derrick Green nach dem Weggang von Max Cavalera. Kann leider nicht an die Vorgnger anknpfen. Greens Meisterwerke mit Dante XXI und Kairos sollen noch kommen.
Nicht schlecht, nicht mehr, nicht weniger: 5/10",0,0,"Jan 12, 2016"
10,"people who rate this album simply because of 'smooth criminal' are dumb. far more better material on this cd.",2,2,"May 26, 2002"
10,"One of my all time favorites, the lead singer is a witch string a kick ass potion that has taken centuries to perfect. Contains very serious and honest emotion yet very ballsy.",1,1,"Oct 12, 2010"
2,"A bunch of fat posers with a pathetic excuse for an album. They only have one good song, and it wasn't even written by them.",0,2,"Dec  9, 2001"
0,"This cd sucked and was not worth the money I spent for it",0,0,"Oct  2, 2001"
10,"I love Alien Ant Farm's new album 'ANThology'. It's like Michael Jackson joined a punk rock band! I love it! Rock on!!!",0,0,"Jun 25, 2001"
10,"I love Alien Ant Farm's new album 'ANThology'. It's like Michael Jackson joined a punk rock band! I love it! Rock on!!!",0,0,"Jun 25, 2001"
10,"These guys simply rock. They took a great Michael Jackson song and turned it into another hit, just another style/genre. Smooth Criminal goes way beyond being described as a 'cover'.",0,0,"Jul  2, 2001"
10,"These guys simply rock. They took a great Michael Jackson song and turned it into another hit, just another style/genre. Smooth Criminal goes way beyond being described as a 'cover'.",0,0,"Jul  2, 2001"
10,"It Kicks ASS!!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Jul 27, 2001"
8,"lots of catchy vocals and solid guitars make up most of what you'll get here - but dont fast forward to the choruses just yet. clever lyrics and strong words based on true past experiences are waiting for you the third or fourth time you listen to it. the album is also very enjoyably themed - with all the references to the different seasons, its surprising they didnt name the album something to accentuate it. key tracks are #2, #4, #5, #7, and #10.",0,0,"May 26, 2002"
8,"One of the best CD's in the world.",0,0,"Jul 26, 2002"
2,"Alien Ant Farm is a fine example of how a seemingly promising band can bite the dust. Not only is AAF's debut boring, but it is monotonous and oddly textured. I admit, their cover of Smooth Criminal is fun, but when it comes to original material, it's time to grab the bug spray. Instead of picking up this glitzy, garbled mess, check out Incubus' 'Make Yourself'. You'll be doing your ears and your wallet a big favor!",0,0,"Apr 14, 2003"
8,"Some pretty good songs, but some not so as much. Could have been better but still good debut.",0,0,"Jun 20, 2004"
7,"Not breaking any new ground, or doing anything that hasn't been done a thousand times before, but an album this relentlessly tuneful and entertaining is nothing to sneeze at!",0,0,"Jan 16, 2002"
9,"I'm always welcoming a new sound, and AAF definitely has that. Awesome debut.",0,0,"Nov 20, 2003"
8,"Despite some minor issues, such as lack of vocal editing (echoes and overlaps), ANThology is an all-around good album.  It's diverse, unique, and satisfying.  Please don't judge the album on 'Smooth Criminal' as there are far better tracks to be found on here.  I recommend 'Courage', 'Sticks and Stones', and my favorite track 'Wish'.",0,0,"Jul 31, 2012"
10,"Yet another fabulous album from a fabulous band. Lets hope the next release is just as great as this!",0,0,"Jan  2, 2002"
7,"I'm growing to love this album although it's somewhat sterile production values temper the bite of what is an otherwise very strong collection of varied and interesting songs with no obvious fillers and a consistantly high quality delivery throughout. A keeper.",0,0,"Dec 20, 2004"
10,"This was my first gODHEAD album. After hearing it I went out their previous two albums 'Power Tool Stigmata' and 'Nothingness'. I'm still searching for their first self titled. It's a great album.",0,0,"Nov 22, 2001"
10,"Awesome lyrics AND music, from a very talented group. Jason Miller's voice is hypnotic and sexy. Looking forward to a live show!",0,0,"Jul 25, 2003"
7,"2000 Years of Human Error is a monumental disappointment in comparison to their past work. That's just the thing, you can tell that it wasn't their work, but instead a product of the nuance and lending of industry flop, Marilyn Manson. If you want to hear what gODHEAD is really all about, pick up Nothingness, or Power Tool Stigmata. If there is one band out there that is deserving of the proper nurturing a qualified producer can give, it is gODHEAD.",0,0,"May 25, 2004"
10,"Screw you all maynard & jones are gods.",1,1,"Apr 23, 2007"
0,"shit",1,3,"Jun 12, 2006"
10,"Best live CD ever.",0,0,"Apr 13, 2003"
10,"Its the best tool album to date, bar Aenima",0,0,"Mar 11, 2005"
10,"That was totally wicked!",0,0,"Apr 10, 2005"
10,"smoke a joint and listen to 'part of me' followed by 'no quarter' and tell me that you dont like this album. It's impossible.",0,0,"Sep 20, 2005"
10,"Absolutely awesome. The live versions of Third Eye and Pushit are simply amazing.",0,0,"Sep 13, 2006"
8,"There's definitely some worthless shit on here, but the videos are entertaining, the music is incredible (especially the reworked 'Pushit' and the somehow even darker cover of Led Zep's 'No Quarter') and anybody with even a passing interest in Tool would be pretty fuckin into it. Plus, I mean, 'Took you out behind the toolshed, put it on your forehead, Maynard's dick!' is quite a....unique lyric.",0,0,"Aug 23, 2008"
10,"Fuck the media... this is one of the best albums ever...",0,0,"Feb 12, 2005"
10,"This is the best tool CD. Very mellow, and this album expands on some of the best work of Tool from their previous releases. It gets better each time you listen to it.",0,0,"Jun 26, 2006"
7,"They're a band you need to see in person. This is a nice collection if you're a fanatic, but for first timers check out Aenima than Lateralus. I like this record, I'd just rather see them in person.",0,0,"Sep 22, 2011"
10,"Pure genius.",3,3,"Jan 13, 2008"
10,"Purely a fantastic album. This is the album where they learn when they need to be quiet, and it pays off. This album is sonic, and heavy, and grungy. But always delicate and soothing and dark. Somehow, Deftones can mix 'dark' with 'soothing' and make it work.Personal Highlights: Change, Digital Bath, Knife Party, Passenger, RX Queen.",2,2,"Nov  6, 2010"
10,"What a fine album this is, from beginning to end there isnt a song I didn't like, from the brutal Elite to the truly haunting Passenger. For me Passenger is the stand out track, featuring the vocals of Tool's Maynard James Keenan. Not many bands can pull off an album like this, just sheer brilliance. A great addition to the band is Mr Delgado, adds that bit of digital to the tracks.",1,1,"May 20, 2011"
9,"white pony was something a little different from its predecessors. The commercial success of the band was the extreme. Songs thematically quite different from one another, ranging from Zen and heavy rhythm, with a touch of melancholy and special effects while also addressing drug use. A battery well executed by Abe Cunningham with more 'turns' than before, not unworthy of the rest of insturumentos well executdos, but less prominently. Each track has something special, more experimental and new, however, following the standards of the band, White Pony was the biggest commercial success of the band, even won a Grammy in 2001 for the song Elite, and rightly so, because the album is good, but if you are not a fan of more contemporary rock or even the band, your ears need to get used to it.",1,1,"Jan 27, 2014"
9,"Best Songs
-Digital Bath
-Change
-RX Queen
-Feiticiera
-Knife Party
-Back To School
-The Boy's Republic
Personal Favorites:
-Digital Bath
-RX Queen
-Knife Party
Change",1,1,"Dec 23, 2013"
10,"Deftones magnum opus. An incredibly diverse album, and while that may make it unfocused compared to an album like Diamond Eyes, it's the bold step off the nu metal band wagon and the key tracks from White Pony that makes it their best.",1,1,"Apr  7, 2014"
2,"The Deftones seem to be good at creating mooky mush metal for the semi-gothic pimple-poppin' puttyheads unwilling to give acts like Tool a listen, but is that really much of an accomplishment? There are some fair tracks on this album, and I don't mean to whiz on the band's parade, but this stuff is just too mooky for listeners like me who enjoy more complex rock and roll to enjoy fully. What you get is a package of songs pertaining to self-mutilation, knives, pulling wings off of flies, and 'bleeding out of control'. Linkin Park never put it better: 'Nobody's Listening'... or, at least, they should be.",0,1,"Aug  7, 2003"
8,"On 'White Pony,' the Deftones seamlessly integrate touches of alternative rock with the thrash-metal rage so characteristic of their earlier work. Their new sound is both beautiful and disturbing, ranging from the the gentle lullaby of 'Teenager' to the nightmarish frenzy of 'Knife Prty.' A can't-miss album for any jaded fan of metal or hard alternative rock.",0,0,"Apr 20, 2002"
10,"The deftones are the best!",0,0,"Jan  1, 2005"
10,"White pony along with around the fur are the best albums that the deftones have ever created. The deftones are truly original and white pony's lyrics are meaningful and deep. The singer has the most unique voice that draws you into a different world.",0,0,"Jan  1, 2005"
10,"The most complete and amazing album on this planet",0,0,"May  4, 2006"
10,"Excellent album, not the best Deftones album though... I think that Adrenaline is their best! Very good album though!",0,0,"Aug  7, 2006"
10,"CLASSIC.",0,0,"Oct 20, 2007"
10,"Heavy, soft, mad, intense.. this White Pony runs many ways, but as deep as it can into each, with astounding determination.",0,0,"May  3, 2007"
9,"In love with deftones. They satisfy some complex neocortex necesities with definitive tones. :-/",0,0,"May 14, 2003"
9,"In the Neo-Metal category, if we remove KoRn, they're really the greatest! It's their best album to date.",0,0,"Jul  3, 2003"
10,"By far this is The Deftones' greatest cd. With both Chino's voice, and the chilling guitar riffs, this album cannot be topped by any other. If you dont have it, go out and buy it!",0,0,"Jun 26, 2004"
10,"In my opinion, this album is one of the best hard rock albmus ever recorded. it can be compared to such 'monsters' as koRn's and system of a down's self titled albums...i hated it for a few weeks,but then just like somebody would shot me in the face...i fell in love with it...if you won't like it just don't listen to it for a while and when you'll put it on again,it will simply blow your head off...there are no bad songs on this album,becouse it's just perfect.",0,0,"Mar 15, 2005"
9,"WTF?This may not be the best deftones album, but it's better than over 90% of albums today. About as good as slipknot-Iowa",0,0,"Mar  8, 2005"
10,"This album is incredible. Some people blow the Deftones off and label them as another screaming, manufactured nu-metal band. But the true fans know that this is a completely false notion (The Deftones were around way before Korn, Limp Bizkit, and definitely that crappy pop band Linkin Park , and they actually listen to good bands like the Smiths and the Cure and the Bad Brains) This album should prove everyone of those labeling losers wrong, but some people still take one listen to this album disregard it. It is not 'mooky.' It has nothing about self-mutilation, and the song 'Elite' does not literally have to do with 'bleeding out of control.' Get a good taste in music and then come back and complain.",0,0,"Apr  6, 2005"
10,"Deftones at their finest.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2006"
10,"Knife Prty is one of the best songs Ive ever heard",0,0,"Mar 23, 2006"
10,"This Record, Along with Around the Fur are the two best albums probably on this planet Earth. The lyrics mean so much and it feels you are part of their situations. You understand what they feel by their voice expressions. =)",0,0,"Jul 29, 2006"
10,"I love the deftones, and this is far and away thier best record, measuring the rabid intensity of the first two LP's with a much more diverse sonic palatte. Unbelievably heavy, undeniably powerful. A monster of an album.",0,0,"Sep 28, 2006"
8,"Not my favourite Deftones release, but it's fantastic all the same.",0,0,"Dec 20, 2007"
10,"very good . the best album so far",0,0,"Feb 14, 2007"
10,"Deftones is my favorite band ever!!!! This would be my favorite album because the beats and lyrics of the songs move in a way that I can't put it into words! ~*~ I love Deftones!~*~",0,0,"Feb  6, 2007"
9,"truly superb, haven't heard anything better to date.",0,0,"Apr  5, 2007"
10,"Each song on the album provides a different feel or sound which makes listening to it a much needed breath of fresh air. There are songs for just about everyone on this album. Just listen to 'Change (in the House of Flies)' and you'll see what I mean.",0,0,"Oct 25, 2003"
10,"great album!",0,0,"Apr 26, 2003"
8,"This is a fantastic album which truly illustrates how this genre can grow and develop in such a creative way. The 'Tones have managed to retain their distinctive Nu-metal sound while going in a more thoughtful direction lyrically. A great album.",0,0,"Aug 24, 2003"
9,"this cd is a great cd doesnt quite measure to the eccentric genious of around the fur but is still a awsome cd with gnarly riffs in change, and passenger, but is still great",0,0,"Sep 24, 2004"
10,"This album... Its truly something. it has touched me on such an emontional level its insane. the lyrics are so deep and meaningful. im just mind blowen these guys are truly talented.",0,0,"Mar 28, 2005"
10,"Not only is this their best album to date, but it'll be looked at one day as one of the greatest albums ever made.",0,0,"Nov  1, 2006"
9,"I can not stop listening to this album. This was the sound I was looking for when nu-metal was insanely popular. The Deftones mixed many renowned influences while staying true to metal. This ablum will probably become more and more popular as time goes on. I wouldn't be surprised if I still hear about White Pony ten years down the road.",0,0,"Mar 13, 2007"
10,"White Pony is one of the best albums of the 2000's. The lyrics here are thought provocative and abstract, the sound is diverse, chino has a great voice, the instruments are great. Overall, I would recommend to everyone!",0,0,"Mar 21, 2015"
9,"I Wanted to give the album a 10 but sometimes the album bores me, but when i'm in the mood the album is a masterpiece with a great intro song Feticeira a Maynard James Keenan colaboration and a grammy award winning song (Elite). Also being one of the albums that has one of the deftones most succesful single (Change). It's in resume.An outstanding deftones album, but the deftones always make amazing music  but this one just launched them to success. (I'M A HUGE DEFTONES FAN)",0,0,"Nov 17, 2011"
9,"White Pony stands as the release the band will always try and topple. It is rich, engaging, and melodic without sacrificing the sound the band built their popularity on. 'Digital Bath' and 'Rx Queen' stand at the top of what is a  very consistent and cohesive piece of work.",0,0,"Feb 20, 2012"
10,"It took me 12 years to realize that this is probably one of the best metal albums out there. Full spectrum of emotions within this album. Every song is enjoyable and they somehow get stuck in the head so deep that you can remember every detail and note even after prolonged period of not listening to any of the songs. In other words - there isn't a single song that I do not like in this fantastic album.",0,0,"Nov 13, 2012"
9,"Deftones has always been difficult to explain or categorize a specific musical genre. But despite not feeling comfortable in that place have been one of the best capitalized groups of Nu Metal's move in the early 90s.
His first two jobs Adrenaline (1995) and Around the Fur (1997) were used to be known in his own country, but his third plate White Pony (2000) Deftones achievement acquire a name worldwide earning the respect of critics and managing to sound massively.
'Change (In the House of Flies)' and 'Digital Bath' were the themes emblematic of White Pony. Few others like the quiet 'Teenager' surprised by the change from the style of the band.'s Also worth noting the presence Maynard James Keenan of Tool singer who develops nicely in the duet performed with Chino Moreno on 'Passenger'.
Despite denying the label 'key band of Nu Metal', thanks to this current Deftones astronomically increased his popularity and managed to stay through the years mutated into their sound.
In conclusion: White Pony is one of the best albums of Deftones, its evolution in sound, creativity and complexity. not listen, would be an offense to the music.",0,0,"Apr 19, 2013"
8,"This album is truly something special. It creates a blend of brutal heaviness with the sonic complexion of something you'd hear on Smashing Pumpkins' 'Siamese Dream'. In a world of mediocre (and sometimes cringe worthy) nu-metal acts, Deftones' 'White Pony' is a breath of fresh air, even if it did come out in 2000. They take from a variety of influences ranging from Alternative rock, to shoegaze while still maintaining their heavy roots; Chino's ethereal and spacey vocals solidify their shoegaze influence while their heavy rhythm and guitar sections keep things consistently aggressive. Every once in a while things calm down in this album (ie; Digital Bath, Teenager, Pink Maggit), but for the most part the album remains heavy throughout. The only things keeping this album from a perfect score are the brief moments of mediocrity in  some songs that almost sound like their nu-metal peers, while the rest of the album sounds wholly unique. All in all, White Pony remains an impressive body of work in a sonic and musical regard.
Highlights:
-Digital Bath
-Elite
-Knife Prty
-Korea
-Passenger
Lowlights:
-Street Carp
-Teenager
-Change",0,0,"Feb 28, 2016"
7,"While White Pony registers the complex and sonic tendencies Deftones discovered that let them kick it into sixth gear on their later albums, some of its songs seem forced to the point of mediocrity. Sure, it's an unpopular opinion, but let me tell you about 'Knife Party'... absolute bliss. And the album's closer, 'Pink Maggit' is a haunting and stunning epilogue to what I can't even disagree is Deftone's real breakthrough.",0,0,"Sep 24, 2015"
