Pretty Much Amazing,90,"A pop debut of disciplined eccentricity and disarming force."
Exclaim,80,"Despite the production being generally warmer and more harmonious than in her previous work, that tide of emotion still spins around a sprawling nucleus of anxiety-inducing bass, while the satisfying brashness of Blancos presence is mirrored in the records aggressive pop sensibility."
AllMusic,70,"Its a hazy journey, encompassing loss, disconnection, and disappointment, buoyed up by hard-hitting production and Mykkis unrelenting desire for pleasure and connection."
DIY Magazine,70,"This LP leans towards narrative, rather than racking out kits, but its ambition is very welcome. [Oct 2016, p.25]"
Consequence of Sound,60,"Mykki is a promising starting point for some, a jump into a different league entirely for his following."
Pitchfork,60,"This return proves surprisingly approachable, especially on the four tracks written with French songwriter and producer Woodkid. [Oct 2016, p.105]"
Clash Music,60,"Blanco has always fallen slightly short in lyrical content and, although there are hints of depth and melancholy, on tracks like High School Never Ends and You Dont Know Me, Mykki never quite goes deep enough."

Slant Magazine,90,"Devastating yet optimistic, Splendor & Misery is a stunning leap forward for clipping., and one of the most impressive albums of the year."
AllMusic,80,"Cinematic in its scope, the album runs like a screenplay with character developments, recurring themes, tragedy and, finally, resolve."
HipHopDX,80,"It's a hugely inventive slab of sonic theatre plotted to the tiniest detail. [Oct 2016, p.99]"
Pitchfork,80,"Utterly uncomfortable, but with such an imaginative foundation that you can't help but feel invited back to try to learn a little more about the strange and beautiful world of clipping."
The Guardian,70,"Oddly captivating in running just shy of 40 minutes, Splendor & Misery is hardly your overblown concept record that runs far too long. Indeed, it's worth multiple listens for both its out-of-this-world production and Diggs' one-two punch of lyricism and bafflingly effortless delivery."
Pretty Much Amazing,65,"Frankly, a rap space opera shouldn't work this well, and it's a testament to the trio's vision that it does, even if Splendor & Misery can be a pretty turbulent voyage."
PopMatters,53,"In its drive for conceptual rigor, the album neglects to engage the listener musically. That puts a lot of weight on the story, which tends toward the abstract."
AllMusic,40,"The problem with clipping. is that they sometimes seem to have an unusual idea of what makes good hip-hop. Sometimes it feels like the purely hip-hop side-project of a dodgy rap-metal group circa 2003."

Pitchfork,80,"Despite its old-school roots, Lady Parts sounds sharp and invigorating. [Oct 2016, p.31]"
XLR8r,70,"Lady Parts is a fun, slightly chaotic album that captures the creative spirit of golden age rap, updated for the damaged attention span of a generation raised on social media."
The Line of Best Fit,70,"At 40 minutes long its probably just the right length, and both beats and rhymes will have you reaching for the microscope to appreciate the layers and nuances of each, listen on listen."
Consequence of Sound,68,"Despite its faults and flaws, it mostly scans as two talented musicians just having a good time."
Slant Magazine,60,"[Michael Christmas's] relentlessly goofy and incredulous tales about everyday absurdities crown an unconventional marriage made in alt-rap heaven. [Oct 2016, p.97]"

musicOMH.com,85,"While the album may have been crafted during a two-year tsunami of struggle, Isaiah Rashad still manages to sound as calm as an oceans gentle waves; sounding so effortless has never taken so much effort."
Tiny Mix Tapes,83,"Its not as ambitious as it could have been, but it works due to its sheer expressiveness, one man going through the motions and chronicling every movement, a tirade in the purest sense."
NOW Magazine,81,"Its a complex portrait of a man in transition. The album is an evolution for an artist who still may have his best in store."
The Observer (UK),80,"Tirade is a refined exercise in Spotties advancement as an artist."
Spin,80,"Cilvia Demo was a taste of who he is, and now this album paints a complete picture of himself and where he is in his life right now. He lets his rhymes and observations do the talking, and the end result is one of the most refreshing rap records of the year."
Clash Music,75,"Both Doris and The Suns Tirade are filled with sleepy beats, are overly long, and while Earl Sweatshirt sounded mechanical and detached through most of that album, Isaiah Rashad has yet to really develop his persona/presence."
Exclaim,60,"The Sun's Tirade is pleasant, but it's not timeless."
The 405,40,"While the production on this album brings a multifaceted sonic support system into the picture, its own repetitive nature, along with that of Rashads lyricism, lead to exhaustive monotony."

The Skinny,80,"Birds in the Trap Sing McKnight is a roller coaster ride of an experience, with an endless amount of highlights, whether it be an indelible hook here or timely guest verse there."
Rolling Stone,78,"There isnt a ton of lyrical progression for La Flame on this album. ... But he soothing digitized finish and woven through the most polished contemporary drums in Hip Hop, its truly hard to hate. That puzzling beauty is the best part about Scotts music."
DIY Magazine,72,"Birds in the Trap Sing McKnight escapes as Travis Scotts best work yet: a combination of elevated significance, self-awareness, and the old trick of spinning something so plain into something so luxurious."
Mojo,60,"Scott's hedonistic lyrics about sex and drugs remain awfully vapid for what's been billed as a trap masterpiece (the utterly banal 'SDP Interlude' takes the cake). ... Scott's strength, of course, continues to lie in his ear for beats, with part of his appeal being his ability to make songs with less than rewarding subject matter still sound cool."
Q Magazine,50,"The results here are highly mixed, and he might simply be the kind of artist who should take more time on his releases, even if that extra time isnt completely his choice."
Resident Advisor,30,"Birdss stripped-down approach bares an utter lack of finesse behind a microphone."

HipHopDX,100,"The end result sure looks promising from the moment you hit play, with over an hour of music and 18 tracks to look forward to, the kind of full length project all those [Kickstarter] backers have demanded."
XXL,91,"It sounds great while its playing and means nothing except that it sounds great and will sound just as great 10, 20, 30 years from now."
The Independent (UK),91,"An eclectic genre mashup with an enviable roster of guests, And The Anonymous Nobody bristles with creative rebirth and more than a touch of hard-earned, were back braggadocio."
Consequence of Sound,80,"While they exceed expectations on these non-assisted tracks, De La Soul also more than hold their own against their superstar guests."
Pretty Much Amazing,80,"And The Anonymous Nobody is a more than worthy edition to their legacy, proving how relevant this treasure of a band is."
Exclaim,80,"Skits and the odd miss accepted, and the Anonymous Nobody is a grand achievement. Regardless of whether their next project requires outsourced funding or not, De La Soul fans worldwide will just be happy if the group can keep up these standards while never forgoing their wayfaring creativity."
Pitchfork,80,"[A] sparkling, multi-faceted comeback album."
HipHopDX,80,"The strength of and the Anonymous Nobody... remains how it holds together as a complete, cohesive listen."
The 405,80,"There are certainly more strong points than weak points to be concentrated on here. All the tracks that centre around Posdnuos, Trugoy and Maseo see De La Soul at full strength with their rhymes as sharp and playful but seemingly wiser than ever before."
NOW Magazine,80,"And The Anonymous Nobody is still an impressive new installment in what has been a largely-unblemished career run."
Slant Magazine,80,"And the Anonymous Nobody delivers. [Sep 2016, p.104]"
musicOMH.com,80,"And the Anonymous Nobody is another stroke of inventive brilliance from ever-humble, non-showboating masters of the long-playing arts. [Sep 2016, p.92]"
The 405,80,"Exhausting, ridiculous and full of life, De La Soul still do it like no-one else."
NOW Magazine,80,"Broad in scope, and naturally playful, this is a spectacular, fresh as the proverbial, triumph. [Sep 2016, p.73]"
The Observer (UK),74,"And the Anonymous Nobody is an album that, though lacking in congruence, displays De Las staying power."
The Guardian,70,"Tracks like the loopy 'Snoopies' (with David Byrne) and old-school throwdown 'Whoodeeni' (with 2 Chainz) are glorious bug-outs, but the urban cautionary tale 'Greyhounds' (echoing Stevie Wonder's 'Living for the City,' with Usher on the hook) is a reminder that De La are often more powerful when they're less goofy."
Pitchfork,67,"While and the Anonymous Nobody wont resonate with everybody, its still a glimpse into who De La Soul are today, where theyve been, and what theyve learned."
Tiny Mix Tapes,64,"Middle-aged rap has rarely sounded more grown, with all the mixed-blessing perspective that comes with it. Anonymous Nobody is kind of a downer, but sometimes thats what you need, especially when the optimisms just below that melancholy surface."
Uncut,60,"Its a good comeback for De La Soul, and theres plenty to really enjoy here, but there are too many occasions where tracks loiter for too long, not outstaying their welcome as such, just not doing a great deal with it."
DIY Magazine,60,"There are enough highlights to make And the Anonymous Nobody worth revisiting, but as a whole, the album is just barely above average. A valiant effort, De La Soul, but no dice on this one."
Q Magazine,60,"As it is, it's a bit of a confused mess that needs some serious editing."
The Skinny,60,"Too many songs meander past the five-minute mark, loitering without intent."
XXL,60,"Its only in the moments with somebody else in the driving seat that The Anonymous Nobody shines."
AllMusic,60,"Snoopies, featuring David Byrne at peak David Byrne, have excellent elements wasted, by being crudely cut-and-shut together. But the way Pos and Dave rap, letting rhymes spill over bar intervals and beyond, is the biggest pleasure, and the straightforward hip-hop tracks such as Pain and Property of Spitkicker.com are perhaps the best."
Pitchfork,60,"There is perhaps a great album here. But amid this 17-track sprawl, its hard to find."

HipHopDX,80,"A record you never dreamt you needed, but which leaves you craving more. [Sep 2016, p.109]"
PopMatters,80,"Anything But Words is the sound of two worlds colliding and finding a golden middle ground."
Rolling Stone,80,"When Anything But Words ups the pace, it proves to be one of the finest records of the year."
The Guardian,80,"The sound of two artists pushing each other forward makes for a fascinating listen. This isnt just the sound of two polar opposites coming together and hoping something sticks. This is a group that have earned their right to be heard. They should be taken seriously."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Anything But Words is a stellar and truly collaborative endeavor between two creative energies, the result of an organic songwriting process that is anything but thrown together."
HipHopDX,75,"It's a departure from their comfort zones that pays off surprisingly well for two artists collaborating for the first time."
Pitchfork,67,"Its not perfect, but Banks and Steelz take risks many other artists might avoid, more than proving their worth."
AllMusic,60,"Banks & Steelz constantly shift shapes and sounds on Anything But Words, but the experimentation doesnt always work. However, the album never bores even in its uneven tracks."
Record Collector,60,"While its slick production makes it more subtle than rap-rock alliances past, it comes off like a bid to musically supervise the next hit HBO drama. If that sounds great, walk this way, but mind the unrelentingly average songs as you go."
Exclaim,44,"Anything But Words is the rare side project that might have been better off if both parties had cared a little less."

AllMusic,95,"In the world of Prima Donna, black death is radical. Author Paul Beatty came to the same conclusion in his satirical novel The White Boy Shuffle, but Vince does it in 20 gripping minutes. Never has so much been done with one little light."
The Skinny,83,"Prima Donna may not stand up to the unfettered brilliance of Summertime 06, but it was never supposed to. Instead, it tells us just a bit about Staples scope as an artist."
Clash Music,83,"Given its lyrical and musical density, the EPs short runtime feels particularly abrupt. Nevertheless, its an accomplished collection from one of raps most promising young talents."
Mojo,80,"Prima Donna's standout title track encapsulates Staples's appeal as a lyricistand the appeal of the EP as a whole."
Under The Radar,80,"Hopelessness has always been a throughline in Staples work but Prima Donna puts a finer point on that feeling, both in its songs and interstitial spoken word bits."
PopMatters,80,"Staples approaches the latest chapters of his story on Prima Donna in bleak fashion, his pen and delivery both as sharp as ever."
Exclaim,80,"Even though its a brisk seven songs, it lingers as the best pieces of writing tend to do."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"Prima Donna doesnt have one single track that carries the project and this is obviously done on purpose. Its an effort better experienced as a whole rather than its parts."
Pitchfork,80,"Prima Donna is his most challenging work to date."
Drowned In Sound,70,"The music is as bleep-y as it is banging (James Blake produces on two tracks) and touchstones include Andre 3000, James Joyce, Leonardo DiVinci and Jay Gatsby."

The Quietus,85,"Its rangy and stunning, an exciting new curve in the fascinating Young Thug arc."
HipHopDX,83,"Jeffery isnt the best rap album of the year, but it comes on strong enough to convince you--even for a few fleeting minutes of Wyclef Jean--that it just might be."
Uncut,80,"As usual it's Thug's own sound that predominates: the heroic howls, rasps, mumbles and wheezes of a man who is as captivating a vocalist as any in pop."
AllMusic,80,"Young Thug presents his best case for inclusion in the pantheon of hip-hop influencers with JEFFERY, a release as inspired as it is inspiring."
Clash Music,80,"Thug really makes the most out of the seven notes he has. It's impossible to hear him get all guttural on 'Harambe' and not feel it in your stomach."
Pitchfork,80,"JEFFERY doesnt contain the quotables of Barter 6 nor the progressive production of his one-off singles with Metro Boomin, but as a collection of songs, its his most realized set to date."
Mojo,78,"From the jamming intro to the sublime closer, Jeffery is a testament to the rappers carefree spirit."
The Line of Best Fit,60,"The mixtape itself isnt a huge change in direction."

Consequence of Sound,80,"Its an album that needs the thick-skin its title connotes to listen--you wont emerge from it feeling joyous, but you will emerge seeing a truth that will deeply unsettle."
Pitchfork,76,"An album thats disorienting at its catchiest, harrowing at its ugliest, and more than willing to run both of those modes at the same time."
HipHopDX,74,"Callus is the sound of someone exorcising their demons with nothing but a few pieces of gear and his own snarling weapon of a voice--and growing stronger for it."
XXL,70,"Callus is a harrowing experience, not for the faint of heart. It's more of a preach than a rap, at times more post-rock than hip-hop, the overall experience something akin to hearing slam poetry at knifepoint."
Pretty Much Amazing,70,"Callus is the most challenging, confrontational Gonjasufi record yet, and it's also his most daring work."
Drowned In Sound,60,"It's the kind of record that needs to be approached in increments, but the rewards reveal themselves when given the patience and time that Callus deserves."
Exclaim,60,"With the exception of Krishna Punk and Devils, the album lacks drive, and at 19 tracks its easy to lose focus while listening."
No Ripcord,60,"Its unflinching, unapologetic and at times bordering on unlistenable. But its a bold sonic statement that brutally conveys its intended message. In this, Callus proves a success."
XXL,60,"A listening experience every bit as intense and idiosyncratic as Ecks himself. [Sep. 2016, p.106]"
HipHopDX,60,"It's an appropriately trying listen, far removed from 2010's relatively mannered debut. [Sep 2016, p.92]"
Pitchfork,60,"Sometimes it makes sense. A lot of the time, it doesn't. [Sep 2016, p.74]"
Clash Music,40,"Unfortunately, Gonjasufi's attempt to turn his solidarity with the angry and the dispossessed into a musical concept is too blandly realized to be convincing."

Exclaim,80,"A rarely relenting party with more substance than the last."
PopMatters,80,"Throughout the album, the duo is still working with Mike Will Made It and his stable of producers, who provide Rae Sremmurd with infectious beats set at precisely the right shoulder-rocking tempo."
Tiny Mix Tapes,78,"Sremmlife 2 is worthwhile (and much needed) bid for album of the summer. Its top heavy, By Chance, Look Alive, and Black Beatles feeling a lot like one of the best three song stretches of the year, but Swae brings a promising sense of experimentation to the entire project."
RapReviews.com,76,"SremmLife 2 collects all of the quirks in the margins of its predecessor and develops them; more than anything else, SremmLife 2 is the ultimate middle finger to grouches who think this brand of rap cant be complex."
Pretty Much Amazing,75,"There are real signs of musical development on Sremmurd 2 that point to longevity for the duo."
The A.V. Club,75,"SremmLife 2 may not pack the punch of its predecessor, but it shows that the brothers are growing musically. Far from one-note, Rae Sremmurd have the chops to sustain a long and varied run going forward."
Exclaim,70,"Hotter singles make their debut a better buy, but for a group pegged as a one-hit wonder early on, SremmLife 2 dispels that myth with style."
musicOMH.com,70,"There are pleasures to be found on SremmLife 2 once you adjust your expectations and realize that its not a No Flex Zone sequel. Instead, it charts a different but still familiar path: Every youth explosion is eventually tempered by the grind and hard-won rewards of grown-man work."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Rae Sremmurd is particularly well-suited to the carnival sounds of its debut, but in many places here feels as if its getting squelched."
The Independent (UK),67,"Even a battery of Mike Wills topshelf beats cant save SremmLife 2 from feeling emotionally hollow at times."
Spin,60,"SremmLife 2 is by no means a sophomore slump but just doesnt quite fill the same space as the first installment did last year."
The Line of Best Fit,60,"Stretching beyond SremmLife, their party-starting choruses are squeaked, squawked and shouted; mellower stuff can get a Makonnen-esque broken falsetto ('Swang'); 'By Chance' succeeds with a haughty Dana Dane accent."

Clash Music,83,"Overall, this is undeniable rap therapy. Like the rest of us, Slug and Ant are just trying to get by, and for the most part, theyre succeeding."
Q Magazine,80,"Between Ant's eclectic, subtle production and Slug's equally nuanced lyricism, Fishing Blues stands out as one of the best hip-hop LPs of the year thus far."
Mojo,75,"Along with Ants confident production work, theres a sense Slug is finally comfortable with the man hes become, what hes accomplished and where hes going."
The Skinny,70,"Fishing Blues may not be your bag due to its pacing and down-trodden tempo but in between the suburban man bars should lay some appreciation for storytelling."
Uncut,70,"Fishing Blues isn't so much an indie version of The Heist as it is a more satisfied and slow version of Southsiders. Check that one first, then come back here for a relaxed alternative."
HipHopDX,56,"Fishing Blues saving grace, the only song with any real passion and continuity, is one about police brutality written from the perspective of the officer."
Rolling Stone,40,"The new Fishing Blues feels so rote youll have to play the old records to remember that its not the Atmosphere norm."

Consequence of Sound,83,"Encore keeps the party rocking while barely missing a dance step."
Pitchfork,70,"Overall, Encore is a worthwhile listen. It obviously suffers from many of the problems that dance music albums generally suffer from but it does well to show off Snake's ear for hooks just as well as his ear for drops."
NOW Magazine,53,"The album is simply not the format for DJ Snake. The conventional song barely is. He makes tracks. Instead of being, at least, a collection of great, standalone singles, the album is riddled with ill-advised rap songs and bad ballads."
No Ripcord,50,"Like most DJ albums, unfortunately, Encore does little with its A-list guests."

PopMatters,80,"Its really interesting seeing how much chemistry Dubz and Giggs still have; it feels like theres still some space for Ard Bodied 2."
AllMusic,80,"Landlord is fantastic, crafted, big-stage trap with the lissom, conversational feel of a mixtape."
The Observer (UK),80,"The occasional leaden production job remains the albums main stumbling block. But if Giggs is unlikely to follow Stormzy into the mainstream, its hard to deny this records bleak intensity or lyrical command."
DIY Magazine,60,"While by no means poor, this album does little to advance the reputation he has already secured, as one of the UKs most reliable rap suppliers."

The Guardian,83,"His bottomless stock of anthemic crowd-pleasers may not be game-changing, but few albums this year have come preloaded with this many obvious singles."
Record Collector,70,"If you're not expecting an hour of profound wisdom from start to finish this is an ideal late summer mixtape to ride around to."
Q Magazine,69,"Like all of his albums, Major Key is a mixed bag, fitting for a maestro who traffics in a blend of chest-thumping and humility thats both as comical as it is prophetic."
Record Collector,67,"As might be expected from a record this big with a rolodex this wide-ranging, Major Key is an absolutely mixed bag. Khaled utilizes full-speed-ahead intensity, big room trap, and syrupy R&B, all without leaving room to breathe. But then again, Khaleds presence unifies Major Key."
Exclaim,64,"There are instances on this album that do prove Khaleds worth as a Hip Hop orchestrator in terms of matching high profile rappers with quality beats but unfortunately, they come too few and far between."
DIY Magazine,60,"While Major Key proves that DJ Khaled is not simply a meme, Khaled swings too hard and misses too often with each attempt at a radio hit."
AllMusic,60,"The problem with the fantasy of a major Khaled Album though, is that, like a summer blockbuster, Major Key is too front-loaded."
Austin Chronicle,60,"As with every Khaled LP, the end result is a blast in small doses but a little bludgeoning taken as a whole."
Under The Radar,50,"The production on this album is bearable and more or less gets the job done, but is mostly composed of bothersome loops. This leaves the bulk of the work to the emcees. And quite frankly, some show up, and some most certainly do not."
Magnet,40,"It starts off deceptively strong, with standouts like 'I Got the Keys,' 'Nas Album Done' and 'For Free' all loaded near the beginning. But once the album advances past this bit of clever sequencing, it barely strikes a chord."

Consequence of Sound,80,"The tunes hes releasing are fresh and exciting."
XXL,80,"Everybody Talking might not be the very best record Guccis ever released--as much as everyones rooting for him right now, its hard to say whether this album can displace Chicken Talk or Mr. Zone 6 in his vast canon. But its by far the greatest cause for celebration in all of Guccis career; the iceman comebacketh."
The Guardian,80,"Gucci sounds more comfortable, confident and icier than ever before."
Pitchfork,74,"Mike WiLL Made-It and Zaytoven construct a cinematic backdrop, but Guccis execution is a bit wanting. Regardless, its a clear step in the right direction, a completely different beast than the b-side littered mixtapes hes sanctioned from behind bars over the past three years, and begs for repeat listens."
Paste Magazine,70,"Everybody Looking, Gucci's ninth album and first after a two-year stay in federal prison, is a compelling left turn, the sound of a veteran innovator reclaiming his territory not with larger-than-life charisma and off-the-wall imagery but fresh intimidation tactics."
Pretty Much Amazing,70,"Theres less party and more perspective. He sees the troubles he went through before prison for what they are."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"It will please fans looking for Another Gucci Mane mixtape. Everyone else will likely find it a bit spotty. Certain songs fall into familiar--now six- or seven-year-old--formulas. His vocals, no doubt out of practice, sound a bit rusty. But most of all, it just feels unfinished, rushed."
NOW Magazine,67,"As it is, Everybody Looking feels like a slight step up from Guccis prison mixtapes, but not the major step that a Free Gucci statement album might warrant."
Slant Magazine,65,"What it evidently lacks in ideas and concepts, it makes up for in well-channeled cathartic energy."
Pitchfork,60,"As usual, hes at his best when things get a little weird."
Exclaim,55,"While the beats are relatively mediocre and not at all unusual for this brand of hip hop, they do a decent job matching the dark picture Gucci paints. Unfortunately, that picture is more of a rough sketch as Gucci steers more toward unrefined flows and bland, mechanically arching vocals rather than a more thought out approach."
Spin,40,"The eerie emotional electricity and forensic detail of the single 1st Day Out Tha Feds dissipates across 14 songs that desperately lack variety and humour, and choruses that arent just Gucci grimly repeating the songs title."

XXL,80,"Records like this are what will eventually outmode the contradiction of too street for the industry, eschewing both categories in the unique accomplishment of a profit-driven truth-telling venture. More like this."
HipHopDX,77,"As Durk grapples with leaving his old life behind to create a better life for his sons, he creates his most gratifying and moving work yet. Lil Dirk 2X seeks rehabilitation but finds evolution."
Rolling Stone,70,"It may be too vulgar at times, too straight-and-to-the-point, and a bit too generic, but no one can deny that 2X is Lil Durk through and through, and thats what ultimately makes it the thrill it is."
Pitchfork,65,"It's hard at times to be a fan of this genre, because it can be overly formulaic and offer little hope for the future, but despite the dark trappings there's still some musically redeeming fun to be had."
Pretty Much Amazing,62,"A crossover single aside, LILDURK2X, at its core, really lacks any unique personality. From song to song we just get served disappointingly mediocre aggressive rap music that is hard to hate but also challenging to love."

NOW Magazine,77,"Its a fully-formed offering that seamlessly balances her more rugged raps with pristine pop songs (sculpted in Bodys image) and tender slow jams."
Rolling Stone,70,"No Hard Feelings isn't quite ground-breaking, but it's an exciting step forward from Dreezy's previous project, Schizo."
AllMusic,66,"Some faults of Dreezys album is that it sounds like a combination of the current trends in Hip Hop."
Exclaim,60,"With No Hard Feelings, Dreezy attempts to find a happy medium between street rapper and silky songstress. Fans of her harder bars and grittier raps will be championing for the former while those looking for versatility will appreciate what she has to offer here when it comes to her sing-song flow."

PopMatters,78,"Casting such a wide net over the span of 20 songs ends up being a gift and a curse as the brighter moments risk getting dimmed out by extremely ambitious attempts that fall short. Running so long ensures filler and repetitive topic material, but overall Snoop makes a strong case against ageism as he fuses the adult contemporary and Gangsta Rap genres."
HipHopDX,75,"Solo albums like 1993s Doggystyle and 1996s Tha Doggfather cemented his reputation as one of the hardest in the business, which has allowed him the freedom to be as brash as he wants to be. On Coolaid, Snoop uses that solid footing and wastes no time taking it back to the G-funk era with Ten Toes Down."
The Guardian,70,"Consider this an exciting double-LP throwback that drops 'Even if I die, living legend' during the opening cut and then just gets bigger and bolder from there."
The Quietus,60,"The Long Beach rapper hasnt evolved much from his early years, but that lack of development is negligible when he does the West Coast sound so much justice."
Pitchfork,60,"The Swizz Beatz-assisted 'Let Me See Em Up,' 'Light it Up' and 'Let the Beat Drop (Celebrate)' rarely do much to stand apart from filler. These occasional misses aren't enough to water down the entirety of Coolaid, though, with Snoop's return to G-funk proving refreshing enough to keep listeners' thirst quenched."
Resident Advisor,60,"We get a strong dose of the old school Snoop we love and know while getting a little taste of the more distinguished Doggfather who we hope will eventually provide tracks filled with more wisdom and less weed. Dont count on the latter though."
Exclaim,60,"The weightless Light It Up and the Missy/Timbaland throwback Got Those are better, but ultimately length scuppers Coolaid. Its back half loses coherence as Snoop retreats to a default of weed anthems."
AllMusic,58,"With Coolaid, arguably Snoops first real hip-hop album in half a decade, we find his reinvention back into Rapper Snoop to be a bit wobbly."

The Skinny,90,"32 Levels sees Clams Casino step up a level and make a hugely positive and lasting impression."
The Observer (UK),83,"Its in the back half of 32 Levels, where Volpe drops rap entirely to pair off with singers, that he pushes himself in less familiar directionsto outcomes both revelatory and slightly banal."
PopMatters,80,"An engrossing collection. [Aug 2016, p.63]"
Q Magazine,80,"His debut LP impresses, in large part thanks to smart deployment of guests. [Sep 2016, p.70]"
Mojo,80,"[An] absorbing, multi-layered debut. [Sep 2016, p.112]"
Uncut,80,"On this album he shows a consolidation of his previous work all while holding down his title as one of musics most original producers."
Slant Magazine,80,"Call it based, cloud rap, or crumble core, but whatever the subgenre, Clams Casino's vanguard style now comes in a near-perfect package dubbed 32 Levels."
Exclaim,80,"This is a frequently dazzling piece of work from one of hip-hops most ambitious and imaginative stylists."
Los Angeles Times,75,"It reinforces his talents with hints at how his influence might spread next."
HipHopDX,70,"Theres nothing on this release to suggest that Clams Casino has ascended to the next level. In its own right, its further evidence of Clams special talents but for those who have followed his career closely, its hard not to think about what could have been."
Pitchfork,70,"It can be strikingly narrow, to impressive ends--not many producers would be able to wring so much emotion from stoned, spacey, minor-key arrangements year after year. ... But in other ways, the results can be mixed."
The Line of Best Fit,69,"Versatility, it turns out, may not be Clams strong suit, though thats hardly a problem; as the first half of 32 Levels demonstrates, theres still plenty of room left for Clams Casino to grow into his own sound."
Consequence of Sound,60,"32 Levels is a line in the sand, rather than a high watermark, for Clams Casino and the genre as a whole; a fertile growth outward, rather than a zeitgeist-recapturing album."
AllMusic,60,"32 Levels begins and ends strongly but sags in the middle like an old sofa."
Spin,60,"The result is an adventurous but inconsistent affair that suggests Clams Casino has plenty of ideas  and perhaps his masterpiece--still in him."
The New York Times,60,"More a showcase of his production wares than an album, this collection still suggests Clams might produce a pearl yet."
Entertainment Weekly,58,"The genre-spanning approach dilutes what could have been a memorable project, leaving 32 Levels with a storage of untapped potential and only a few beacons shining their fullest light."
XXL,56,"What's most disheartening about 32 Levels is how it floats by anonymously for 37 wishy-washy minutes, which is especially hard to take from a producer whose tracks used to command your attention."
Rolling Stone,40,"Apart from when Future Islands' Sam Herring comes out from behind a tree with an old wizard's rumble on 'Ghost In a Kiss,' most of the remaining lyrical contributions to 32 Levels, even from Vince Staples and A$AP Rocky, range from decent to deleterious."

The A.V. Club,80,"Disaster Piece is proof that Flowdan is still capable of the acerbic flow and rhymes that many have come to associate with the MC. Proof that he can stand on his own, the album actively pushes against the growing hordes of casual fans of the grime sound."
Exclaim,80,"Animai's guest vocals feel fresh on Curtain Call but wear a little thin four features in. Mostly, though, Flowdan flexes every inch of hard-won experience for a listen that's brutally, shamelessly exciting."
Consequence of Sound,80,"If it was all such axe-grinding, Disaster Piece might flag--but it has vision too."
HipHopDX,60,"He should be commended for going light on the MC features--the bluntly-titled Grime is proof enough that he can hold his own on a beat."
AllMusic,56,"When it comes to grime producers, there are two kinds: those who simply make music and those who act as creative directors, getting involved with collaborators, arrangements and often more. Judging from the unevenness of Disaster Piece, he needs both."

Pitchfork,100,"The wonderful Wildflower is cause for celebration, its Zappa/Beasties-style collage of voices, samples, beats, sounds, and especially laughter offering a joyous affirmation of life."
Spin,91,"Is Wildflower the best album of the year? Probably not. But it was made by one of the most influential artists of our generation. Take note."
Clash Music,90,"The Avalanches bag production, they roller-coaster; got to be jokers, they just do what they please. [No. 134, p.51]"
Drowned In Sound,90,"Wildflower does a robust job of reiterating core skills rather than offering radical reinvention. [Sep 2016, p.66]"
Resident Advisor,90,"As with their debut, the exquisitely painstaking craftsmanship, the overriding sense joy and wonder, the ears wide open to an infinite universe of sonic possibility are all there. It sounds like the Avalanches, and nothing else does."
The Quietus,85,"The Avalanches are all about feel. And Wildflower, though it misses some of its predecessors thematic unity and from-nowhere sense of surprise, has that feel in spades."
Pitchfork,85,"Its The Avalanches efforts that make this album, although the deeper forays into hip-hop on 'Because Im Me', 'The Noisy Eater' and even the poorly-received comeback 'Frankie Sinatra'--much stronger in context--lend a nice variety and harder edge."
Entertainment Weekly,83,"Wildflower may not inspire the same years of obsessive unpacking as its predecessor, but the joyful feelings it leaves behind linger just the same."
Drowned In Sound,83,"Wildflower comes out swinging."
Pitchfork,81,"It took a childhood-and-a-half to come to fruition, but Wildflower is another album that snatches elements from the past but sounds like the future."
Rolling Stone,80,"Wildflower is simply a joy, an euphonious hour-long journey that exists in some wonderfully naive and blissful alternate universe. Its an aural paradise youll never want to leave."
The Independent (UK),80,"Wildflower can either be enjoyed as a horizon-filling album-long trip, or by zooming in on the array of every changing, intra-song moments, as sounds and ideas flit in and out of focus. Whatever your preference, it was worth the wait. [Sep 2016, p.92]"
The Observer (UK),80,"Wildflower proves the group hasnt lost what made them special, and with any luck, that next disc will be showing up in a time period thats no longer than, say, a decade."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"At worst the album gets a bit too cutesy (lead single Frankie Sinatra), but its unrelentingly cheery harmonies and melodies are so effervescent that it practically makes the air sparkle."
Clash Music,80,"While Wildflower comprises many, many elements, ultimately, it's a testament to the craft and time it takes to build such a seamless and joyful record."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Wildflower might not be perfect, but it is gorgeous, heartwarming and fun. Its upbeat outlook is infectious and sure to be the soundtrack to many summers to come."
RapReviews.com,80,"While the days of heavily sampled music seemed dead and gone forever, the Avalanches have somehow managed to pull off an album that's as much a mastery of red tape as it is of musical prowess."
Pitchfork,80,"A pastoral, wistful brand of psychedelia holds sway throughout this absorbing record."
Consequence of Sound,80,"This album tells a deeper story that only grows more vibrant with every listen."
HipHopDX,80,"Multiple minute-long interludes flesh Wildflower out, feeling like breaks to an all-out, never-ending stage show. It needed to take something substantial to feel satisfied after those sixteen long years, and The Avalanches have gone beyond their calling."
PopMatters,80,"Its testament to the power of their original vision that it all still sounds so fresh."
Spin,80,"Wildflower is a shaggy document, to be sure. Not everythings a stunner like Because Im Me or Harmony--sometimes theres moldering AM Gold like Light Up. But now its not about the journey into paradise, more like a rush to the finish line. Theyre out of time, but they still made it."
Rolling Stone,80,"For those fascinated by the Avalanches's process, as opposed to merely impressed by its most endearing results, Wildflower is a rewarding and challenging listen."
No Ripcord,80,"Far from being frozen in time, Wildflower shows a willingness to move forward with a sense of personal history, but unhindered by obligations to it."
Exclaim,80,"Even if it could never feel like a childhood's worth of lovingly curated music, and even if the shock of the new's way out of its reach, it's still another out-of-its-time, forensically assembled wonder."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"The whole album flows like a rainbow-hued river animated by the spirit of generosity and wonder. [Aug 2016, p.116]"
Spin,75,"Daydreams don't get much more vivid than the Avalanches iconic debut album, but Wildflower is a worthy--if not quite as revelatory--sequel."
XXL,70,"What still sets the Avalanches apart, besides their careful groove pacing, attention to detail, and uncanny ability to move you from inside a track to outside looking in, is their sweet sense of nostalgia."
HipHopDX,70,"By focusing on outsiders instead of trusting their crate-digging genius, the Avalanches shortchanged themselves and ended up making the best psychedelic Chemical Brothers album ever instead of making another classic Avalanches album."
Rolling Stone,70,"Wildflower isnt going to shift any paradigms, and its not going to leave the same impression on the world that Since I Left You did all those years ago, but none of that makes it any less of a delight to listen to."
Boston Globe,60,"After the lengthy wait, at over 20 tracks and about an hour long, Wildflower doesnt skimp on quantity even if it does resemble a pent-up outpouring of everything The Avalanches have completed (or at least legally cleared), rather than a meticulously curated collection."
Pitchfork,60,"At 20 tracks long, however, it takes some serious listening to get through the whole thing, and a sense of sag in the latter third threatens to overpower on the first few spins. Essentially, this flower could've used a little more judicious pruning."
Consequence of Sound,40,"There are far too many childrens voices, snatches of birdsong, glissandi of saccharine strings, and always the half-heard, half-sensed thwack of Frisbee upon social media manager."

The Line of Best Fit,91,"Its hard and sinister like a gangster rap album, but its also sprawling and even psychedelic at times. Nothing else sounds like it, and thats a joy to behold."
The Guardian,86,"Blank Face LP couldve cut some fat from its 72-plus minutes and 17 tracks, especially since some songs cover the same ground. However, as a whole, Blank Face LP is a victory not only for ScHoolboy Q, but for a T.D.E. crew that had seemed to lose momentum outside of its star player."
RapReviews.com,83,"Blank Face turns away from the ambitious fusion of To Pimp a Butterfly, instead doubling down on a smoked-out atmosphere that points the listeners focus toward rapping. That puts the onus on Q to hold attention for the duration of the records hour-plus running time, and he does so."
The Observer (UK),83,"At 72 minutes, Blank Face does sometimes sag under its own ambition. ... But with an impressive range of sonic and lyrical styles and numerous highlights, Blank Face LP stands as one of 2016s most engaging rap projects."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Blank Face is occasionally too indulgent for his own good, as he also follows trap and net-soul trends in awkward fashion, but the amount of genuine, larger-than-life parables continue to expose an artist who still wrestles with his hard-knock past."
Pitchfork,80,"This sprawling, cumbersome, and often psychedelic effort feels like a glorious clearing house for the diverse and deep rapper, offering giant, cinematic, and challenging efforts."
PopMatters,80,"Q is as distinct and powerful a voice in hip-hop as Kendrick, and he manages to bring the likes of Kanye West, Swizz Beatz, Anderson .Paak, and Vince Staples to Figg St. on one of the years best rap albums thus far. The only real dissonance here comes on Miguel collaboration Overtime."
RapReviews.com,80,"Blank Face is one of the strongest, most consistently enjoyable in years, even if its glossy and misanthropic merits falls just shy of GOAT status."
HipHopDX,80,"Blank Face is a joyride of a listen."
Pitchfork,80,"Blank Face LP isnt Schoolboy Qs first great album, but its the first one where he lives up to his utmost potential."
Exclaim,80,"Its not easy to homogenize the opposing forces at play, but everything here feels like a genuine rumble through a mind scarred and inebriated by the reality of gang life and chasing the American dream while the room spins."
HipHopDX,80,"Pulling no punches: Blank Face is the second best hip-hop album of 2016 so far, after The Life of Pablo."
XXL,75,"Influenced by many but perhaps literally fathered by none, ScHoolboy Q remains an intriguing enigma whose ambitions presently know less limits than Percy Miller."
HipHopDX,70,"Q rhymes in a cool, clipped style that can break into a remorseful groan or a higher-pitched desperation. Digi+Phonics, Black Hippy's go-to production crew, handle most of the beats, which are plush with sumptuous, weed-hazy pleasures but steeped in a dank, justifiable paranoia."
Consequence of Sound,70,"Overall, Blank Face LP has enough meat to warrant several satisfying helpings."
AllMusic,60,"Q might appear masked on the album cover, but his explicit tales of hardship, prosperity and loss hide nothing."
PopMatters,40,"Blank Face LP is ultimately an unfocused album, one caught between reportage and repugnant opportunism."

Exclaim,70,"This weird and often wonderful ride broadens the scope, painting Desiigner as a much darker rapper with his hallucinatory music just skirting on the surface of a bad trip."
XXL,64,"New English is a welcomingly satisfying first impression, but hopefully his GOOD Music debut Life of Desiigner brings more original ideas to the table."
The Observer (UK),60,"Brevity in music can be good, but some of these songs seem to end as quickly as they start, and could be fleshed out a bit. Desiigners lyrics also seem to be limited in subject matter, and the themes of the song can all seem the same after a while."
Pitchfork,50,"Most of the energy of New English is poured into his (trademark?) ad-libs. The staccato yeahs and machine-gun sound effects do a good job of convincing you that youre listening to an exciting project. But after a while, it just starts to make your head hurt."
The Line of Best Fit,47,"New English is so woefully derivative it almost builds itself a new vocabulary from the Lego blocks of other rappers it stands on."

The A.V. Club,83,"Not everything works--California succumbs to a kind of spare, thudding aimlessness, as though the track wasnt sure what to include and what to lose--but overall, this is DJ Shadows best work since his early-aughts heyday."
The Wire,80,"It won't dethrone Endtroducing... from the pantheon but at last Davis has rediscovered the hidden door to that entrancing night-time world. [Aug 2016, p.111]"
Uncut,80,"The Mountain Will Fall utilizes a wealth of live performances and ingenious programming to create an album thats funky, futuristic, and thrilling for new fans and old heads alike."
Q Magazine,80,"Once the onslaught of ideas becomes less disorienting, however, it just feels impressive in its inventiveness."
PopMatters,80,"The methods have changed but Shadow's unorthodox sense of rhythm remains reassuringly familiar."
AllMusic,75,"The Mountain Will Fall is DJ Shadow's best album in over a decade, largely because it is his most consistent since 'The Private Press.'"
New Musical Express (NME),75,"There's a slow burn to many of the tracks, movements building like waves, and when they crash, it's glorious. When they fail to, it's all the more frustrating. But those high points are as high as any artist alive."
Consequence of Sound,75,"Shadow's beats programming remains formidable, as he steers clear of standard bangers in favor of something far more difficult to pin down. This isn't an album built for dancing. It's more about its rhythmic intricacy, a master class for connoisseurs of nuanced production."
Clash Music,70,"It still stands tonally a much stronger package than his last two releases and is filled with far more highs than lows."
Spin,70,"The Mountain Will Fall is only somewhat transcendent in its quiet moments, and the highs are too few and ephemeral. Its quaint--a step away from the zeitgeist, but not quite future enough."
Pitchfork,70,"Some moments are so bleak that they could be titled descriptively as 'What Does Your Witch House Look Like, Pts. 1-2,' yet the whole thing sounds like it was created in a state of fevered inspiration."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"DJ Shadow's solid fifth LP shows that he still has the chops to cut a good record when he's not doing a complete gear change (The Outsider) and then turning down the wrong road at full speed (The Less You Know, the Better)."
The Observer (UK),70,"He's hit the sweet spot between fresh and the familiar. [Aug 2016, p.83]"
Exclaim,67,"The repetition of the word mambo over another messy beat fails to do much. Theres too much going on to really make much sense of whats happening. Shadow quickly makes up for that with two of the most alluring tracks on the record. Ashes To Oceans features British jazz composer and trumpeter Matthew Halsall, providing a gorgeous contribution to the already haunting composition. On Pitter Patter, rain-fall piano notes permeate the track while producer Bleep Bloop and Nite School Klik associate/trap producer G Jones give it an ethereal feel."
The Guardian,66,"Far from aiming for some grand unified statement, The Mountain Will Fall feels a lot more like a DJ set--a curated grab bag of ideas that overlap and collide, sometimes in unexpected ways."
Pretty Much Amazing,65,"Though The Mountain Will Fall cannot be considered a failure by any means, it does continue the trend of his recent work being left firmly in the shadow of his past."
Resident Advisor,60,"What the record lacks in the main part is a sense of urgency and excitement. Too often the songs wash over you, making no serious appeal for your heart or mind."
Under The Radar,60,"With more hits than misses, Shadow is back in the frame. [Aug 2016, p.95]"
The Quietus,60,"It broadly makes for a winning reboot, from the old-skool hip-hop stylings of The Sideshow and the urgency of Nobody Speak, a collaboration with Run the Jewels, to the more menacing atmosphere of Depth Charge and the jazz inflections of Ashes to Oceans. Its not without its longueurs, however."
The Skinny,50,"There are a few tracks (including the two straight-ahead rap tunes and haunting closer Suicide Pact) where he does actually let the groove unfold naturally, but that just makes even more frustratingly clear how much better the rest of this record could be if only Shadow would just ease off on the tinkering and fidgeting."
New Musical Express (NME),44,"Some of Davis's early records still sound exciting because of the raw talent and vision behind them, and because of the way he stitched together the threads of old songs into captivating new ones. Now, his music sounds bland, as if it was designed for chillout compilations or cocktail lounges."
Clash Music,40,"Whats most frustrating about The Mountain Will Fall is how amateur the whole thing sounds."
Resident Advisor,40,"While theres a certain amount of showmanship--hes certainly still got skills--more often than not it sounds like hes simply going through the motions."
The Independent (UK),40,"Theres a dispiriting aridity about The Mountain Will Fall, which lacks the joyous eclecticism of DJ Shadows earlier albums."
Pretty Much Amazing,40,"The Mountain Will Fall is just slack, with perfunctory ideas waiting impatiently for guest stars to enliven them through association."
Magnet,40,"The Mountain Will Fall sounds, at best, like a decent mixtape made by someone with pretty good taste. Thing is, you can probably make one of those yourself."

Uncut,85,"Not only is Still Brazy, arguably the most sharply produced rap album of the year, emblazoned with the most pronounced storytelling of 2016, YG has un-apologetically used his gunshot as a metaphor for America in the time of Trump."
PopMatters,84,"Still Brazy is a testament that real-life experience breeds the best music but we can do without the shootouts from this point on."
Pitchfork,83,"Its full of the kind of warm G-funk that never fails to transport you to the part of the country it belongs to."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"No one out there is crafting visceral street tales like he is, and if he could just trim his track lists a bit, he has the talent to make a gangster rap classic in the future."
The A.V. Club,80,"While most of the album is concerned with asserting that YG is still a G despite his fame, it closes with a trio of protest songs."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Still Brazy is thoroughly and unapologetically regional, but its thematic engines are universal. [Aug 2016, p.63]"
Paste Magazine,80,"Every song lands, resounds, resists, and repeats true to its aim."
No Ripcord,80,"Still Brazy solidifies YG as a torch-bearer for west coast gangster rap."
Mojo,80,"Make no mistake--musically and lyrically, this is an expansion."
PopMatters,80,"Here, its less about what Y.G. does than how he does it; digging deeper into vintage G-funk flavors with a blend of personal, party, and political tracks, the young Compton rapper takes a sizzling step forward."
NOW Magazine,80,"Still Brazy is an artisanal, proletarian Los Angeles gangster rap record, less tribute to the sounds golden age than a full-throated and wholly absorbed recitation."
Under The Radar,80,"A heavy album that doesn't pander to what's PC, what's on the radio, or what safe, suburban America believes."
The 405,80,"YG has gone and done himself one better, creating a record that stands tall alongside the full-lengths he once mined."
Exclaim,70,"Here, the percussive sounds imply power and control in response to oppression. I will not be quiet. I will not be scared. I will let you know I am here, they say. But the melodic sounds are unstable, colored by fear and uncertainty."

The Observer (UK),80,"Its a vivid album about how the appeal of street life is just as powerful, if not more so, than the appeal of a shot at real fame."
Resident Advisor,72,"It's punchier; the themes are weightier; the emotional range is more dynamic. And it finds Kodak Black sounding like nobody but himself."
DIY Magazine,60,"'Big Bank' and 'Today' are two of a handful of songs plagued by lazy flows and bars, the former rife with braggadocio duds like 'I be on that Little Caesar's shit, hot and ready.' Still, Black's raw pen game and unabashed authenticity show promise; he just needs to heed his own words."
The Guardian,60,"At such a flourishing stage in his career, Kodak should continue to refine his sound throughout a full body of work but growing the brand via authentic hit records should be somewhere on his radar. With attention spans shortening by the second, Kodaks follow-up project should aim to have something go far beyond the Internet."
Spin,50,"Much of Lil BIG Pac concerns his experience behind bars. It would be eerily prescient if the criminal system weren't so predictable. [Aug 2016, p.63]"
Slant Magazine,40,"Other tracks, such as 'Gave It All I Got' bring a more introspective sentiment to Lil Big Pac, but these are few and far between and still lack quality deliveries and substantial beats to back them."

Drowned In Sound,100,"Its an album that feels reflective but forward-thinking, observing a time and space but interpreting it in a way that all can appreciate."
The Quietus,100,"So pretty, so welcoming, so ridiculously clever."
Q Magazine,80,"Better considered as an 11-track experience than a conventional record, Good Luck and Do Your Best is a work of admirable consistency and tonal clarity."
Chicago Tribune,80,"For an album that started out from just a very simple phrase, it is remarkable just how complete it is."
Rolling Stone,80,"Inspired by a trip to Japan, Good Luck and Do Your Best is one of Gold Panda's warmest, sunniest releases, reflecting the colorful foliage of the island nation."
AllMusic,80,"Bound to give you that warm, fuzzy feeling."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"GLADYB doesn't really deviate from the path that was laid down by previous albums Lucky Shiner and Half of Where You Live, but--perhaps even more impressively--it stays decidedly on it, rounding out a beautiful trilogy of semi-danceable, definitely nod-able records. It may even be his best."
Record Collector,80,"Choppy beats and rhythms along with shuffling percussion helps create a feeling of urban movement and flux. There is a swagger to the songs that is hard to ignore--Panda has created the album that he has always hinted at."
The Skinny,80,"Executed with conviction and instilled with its spirited concept, Good Luck and Do Your Best is an excitingly off-beat take on a feel-good album. This is Gold Pandas most accomplished and adventurous work yet."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"As with previous releases, Gold Panda blends repetition with rich sonic textures that are so diverse that they are almost tactile. This is one of 2016's best electronic albums so far, and it's difficult to see how it can be topped."
Consequence of Sound,75,"Theres a sense of positivity throughout that recalls the lighter works of contemporaries like CFCF or early Baths. Utilizing that warmth, Gold Panda is able to master restraint and thoughtfulness."
HipHopDX,74,"It sounds quite unlike any of the electronic music being made in 2016, and is refreshingly unfashionable in that way."
Pitchfork,72,"2013's Half Of Where You Live was largely built around recordings made while traveling the world, including Japan, so what's unique about Good Luck is how it sounds less like a specific place than a flurry of memories made there."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Despite not taking any drastic leaps, hes once again delivered another wide-eyed, hypnotic set that finds a satisfactory compromise between quasi-ambient soundscapes and headphone-nodding grooves."
No Ripcord,60,"This one feels more grounded, less frantic and, despite that constant pulsing movement, more at home. [#361, p.109]"
AllMusic,60,"Good Luck and Do Your Best is so far out there but at the same time feels right at home; making it one of Pandas most thrilling pieces to date."
The Line of Best Fit,58,"Good Luck and Do Your Best is dull, an affair that lacks curiosity because the answers are in front of him. None of the production is outright bad, just done before by the likes of Four Tet, Nujabes, and John Talabot."

Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"MFH2 highlights everything we have come to love about Gates and more. Even though he wavers with some vocal performance on a few tracks, he still manages to put together a solid free sample project that should tide us over until his sophomore offering drops next year."
PopMatters,74,"The hooks aren't quite as catchy or well-written on Murder For Hire 2 as they have been in recent months."
XXL,68,"MFH2 frequently chooses to forgo these extremes that make Gates riveting, opting for something more middle-of-the-road."
Spin,60,"As should be expected from a secondary release, the quality control here is not as tight as it is on Islah, but this is Gates in undiluted form."

PopMatters,100,"While Coloring Book successfully channels the musical conventions of African-American church tradition without sounding dated or pastiche, the album also subtly chronicles black history and uses it as inspiration for artistic freedom."
Austin Chronicle,92,"Rather than cheap ploys to cross over, the questionable collaborations are more likely calculated concessions with the intent of sneaking his evangelical message to a greater audience. After the communion cup runs empty, Chance proves himself worthy of hero worship by subtly and subversively overthrowing the commercialized horrors of his towns violent drill movement."
RapReviews.com,91,"Though it doesnt eclipse the LSD-inspired brilliance of Acid Rap, Coloring Book affirms Chances place as one of hip-hops most promising--and most uplifting--young stars."
Rolling Stone,91,"Coloring Book is one of the strongest rap albums released this year, and is destined to be on year-end lists aplenty. It's a more rewarding listen than Drake's recently released VIEWS; it's nearly as adventurous as The Life of Pablo."
Exclaim,91,"Coloring Book delivers one celebratory hymnal after another, emphasizing the natural high that comes with feeling loved and watched over."
NOW Magazine,90,"Its long-awaited threequel (after a beloved detour for his Social Experiment crews Surf last year) hits less directly and challenges its listeners to engage with something downright lovelier than usual."
Slant Magazine,90,"Coloring Book is a spirited musical sermon, and Chance's fellow MCs will covet its perfect union of gospel and rap."
AllMusic,88,"What made 'Surf' and now 'Coloring Book' compelling is his ability to let his personality seep into the broad canvases on which he and his collaborators paint."
HipHopDX,86,"Purged of the drug-addled skepticism of Acid Rap and pulsing with the free-wheeling spirit and zeal that bolstered Surf, Coloring Book is a breezy listen: direct and purposeful."
XXL,83,"This is a vibrant, uneven, irresistibly likable, and occasionally transcendent release from an artist who shows no signs of falling off anytime soon."
Spin,80,"It has the bigness and accessibility of a major hip-hop album thanks in part to zeitgeisty guests like Justin Bieber, Future and Young Thug."
Pitchfork,80,"Coloring Book is another exceptional release from a vital artist only now coming into his own."
The A.V. Club,80,"Coloring Book, replete with a spiritual aura and talk with the man above, is a heavy contender for the best project released this year because it goes against the grain while still building upon hip-hops foundation."
Q Magazine,80,"On the jubilant, nourishing Coloring Book, his third solo release, has blossomed into a crusader and a pop savant, coming as close as anyone has to eradicating the walls between the sacred and the secular."
Boston Globe,80,"Coloring Book is the richest hip hop album of 2016 so far."
The Guardian,80,"Coloring Book is exactly the kind of record necessary to elevate an artist from viable to visionary."
The Skinny,80,"Chance is still just 23 years old, but Coloring Book is a staggeringly mature record, and while it isnt on par with Acid Rap in terms of unforgettable lyricism, it also has a different mission."
RapReviews.com,80,"Sonically and conceptually, the all-purpose artist isn't interested in coloring in between the lines, but focused instead on offering a vibrant option to things once defined as black and white."
Under The Radar,80,"Fizzingly fun, this third mixtape sees Chance finessing but certainly not hampering, his freewheeling nature."
Chicago Tribune,70,"Chance is no longer quite coming from that place of adolescence that was essential to 10 Day and Acid Rap, but on Coloring Book, he doesnt yet sound comfortably settled into whatever it is thats supposed to come next."

Clash Music,90,"Even though there are eight months left in 2016, its impossible to imagine any album having nearly as much personality, experimentation, or superb songs as Fool does, and will certainly be one of the best albums to come down the pipeline this year."
Spin,90,"The musicianship of the guest artists is impressive, and Jameszoo's interpretations of their work are startlingly creative. The whole package is likely to be one of the year's best, and certainly one of its most original."
AllMusic,80,"Fool is the stunning debut from a young Dutch producer. [Jun 2016, p.53]"
Exclaim,80,"By the spangled keyboards, spectral funk and squalling sax of closing pair Toots and Teeth, Van Dinther has successfully forged his own new personal universe, showing jazzs original questing spirit still alive, kicking and able to make new sonic waves."
Uncut,80,"Fool is the product of a powerful imagination, the kind of mind that's unburdened by assumptions and orthodoxies."
Consequence of Sound,70,"It's not easy to grasp at first, but it reveals van Dinther as a restless creative spirit, and seems to only hint at the directions his artistic career could take in the future."
Pitchfork,69,"Jameszoo's work is strongest when he tones down the overt jazz and instead parses the genre for specific sounds and ideas to embellish his electronic experimentations."
The Line of Best Fit,67,"While the vast majority of the album serves its purpose as a re-education of sorts between Van Dither and the listener, these tracks ['Wrong,' 'Nail (Skit),' 'Crumble,' and 'Toots'] drag with self-satisfying excess."

Drowned In Sound,91,"The best release from one of the most exciting artists of the 2010s."
Mojo,81,"On their new album Bottomless Pit, they stitch together one of their most cohesive grotesques ever, renewing their focus on songcraft, rather than chicanery."
The Observer (UK),80,"Ultimately, for all the different genres it consumes and spits back, it sounds like no other band on earth."
Mixmag,80,"Everything sounds so precise, crisp, hard-hitting, and indomitable. For that exact reason, Bottomless Pit is an ideal effort for longtime fans and newcomers alike. Needless to say, whatever the type of listener, it won't be forgotten."
Resident Advisor,80,"For those who ran out of goodwill for the band's music and antics post-Money Store, Death Grips 2.0 is worth looking into."
PopMatters,80,"Bottomless Pit is a rowdy and hypnotic 40-minute suite of alienation and controlled anger."
DIY Magazine,80,"Musically you always know where you stand--the sound of a Death Grips record is unmistakable--powerful, aggressive and confrontational. Which leads us on to Bottomless Pit--very much more of the same, while pushing their sound forward."
The Independent (UK),80,"Bottomless Pit will clearly not be for all hip-hop or punk fans, but it is impossible to deny that this album, just like the rest of the duos catalog, is doing a much-needed service to both genres by experimenting with them in unimaginable ways."
Slant Magazine,75,"Death Grips pride themselves on constantly shifting and progressing from one release to the next. That unfortunately sometimes outweighs cohesion, but Bottomless Pit is tighter, more daring, and catchier than that."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"Though it shrouds itself in chaos, Bottomless Pit is ultimately Death Grips most straightforward, morbid, and brutal report from the deep end yet. Like watching a great beast eat itself, there is little in the way of elegance or grand design to this music, yet it remains throttling nonetheless, as relentlessly blunt as it is overwhelmingly meaningless."

The 405,80,"Serengeti in particular is darkly captivating when portraying the self-obsessed Davy. ... Wolfs typically lush backdrop meanwhile takes in sun-blurred psychedelicism and Pinback indie groove, all cut to a deft hip-hop pulse thats both brightly hopeful and mournfully direct."
HipHopDX,80,"Testarossa is an album that gets better with each listen."
Consequence of Sound,72,"The production and Wolfs vocals are lush and subdued to where the story feels like one long dream sequence. Its best moments come when Geti yanks you violently into a scene."
PopMatters,70,"Testarossa is a perfect road trip album, albeit one that's best put to use when the listener takes the road less traveled."

RapReviews.com,100,"Konnichiwa is a landmark in British street music, a record good enough to take on the world without having to compromise one inch in the process."
The Wire,90,"Whether or not grime loses its threat in the near future, Konnichiwa will still stand tall as a hard-hitting soundtrack to unfulfilling life in cruel Britain that's achieved by giving a microphone to voices that otherwise wouldn't have been heard."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"A strong album and potential watermark moment in both Skepta career and grimes history."
Pitchfork,80,"Konnichiwa isnt just the sound of young Britain, but a bar-raising example of just how creative UK music can be."
Slant Magazine,80,"Lines aimed at authority, competition, and bottom feeders all shoot clean through."
Boston Globe,80,"Konnichiwa is not just hit-packed, but almost flawless. [#361, p.115]"
The New York Times,80,"Skepta and UK grimes resurrection has been one of the most exciting musical sounds of the past few years, and rather than being the climax, you get the feeling that Konnichiwa is just the start of something special."
AllMusic,80,"For all that the album self-evidently has one eye fixed on the States, you never get the sense of an artist subjugating his own personality to succeed abroad. Its not just that the lyrics throughout are dextrous and sharp and funny, although they are. Its that even his most virulent braggadocio is underscored by a very winning, very British kind of bathos."
Spin,80,"With Konnichiwa, Skepta hoists grime to another level. Its not just a case of his lyrical prowess, which goes some way deeper than most of his peers; its the way that he has fiercely retained control over his own destiny, overseeing everything from mastering to merchandise through the Boy Better Know collective."
PopMatters,80,"The album pulses with nervy energy. None of the new tracks outshine those weve already heard, though Numbers, produced by Pharrell Williams, comes exuberantly close."
The New York Times,80,"Konnichiwa is proof of not only Skepta's skill on the mic, but also of his ability to put together a strong, solid album. As Grime continues to rise, its leaders are well worth watching."
Pitchfork,78,"Konnichiwa is as nakedly vulnerable Skepta has ever been, and it represents a tantalizingly wide-open door for grime. Itll be our job as listeners to step through and discover what weve been missing."
Exclaim,78,"Konnichiwa isn't perfect, but it mostly accomplishes the goals Skepta set for himself, and is certainly one of the best grime has seen so far."
XXL,75,"Reclaiming his own identity, Skepta is now properly equipped to amplify the sound just above its dank, underground incubator."
The Wire,75,"Skepta has learned to remain steadily himself in the face of hurdling success, while delivering one of the most vital albums in the history (and for the future) of globally accepted grime."
RapReviews.com,72,"Skepta manages to craft his best yet with Konnichiwa. A concise project that focuses on taking him past his south London ends and into Hip Hops mainstream. ... But if he really wants his career to truly win over the Yanks, some of those subpar lines need to be cleaned up."
Record Collector,70,"Konnichiwa confidently struts and showcases the emcees vibrant, exciting personality traits perhaps more than pretty much anyone else in Britain, grime or otherwise. Skeptas music inhabits the good, evil, and the delightful grey areas in between."
The Skinny,70,"'Lyrics,' 'Crime Riddim' and 'Man' show him at his most convincing, taking aim at MC battle culture, police profiling and post-fame loyalty respectively, delivered with force no matter how vulnerable the subject matter or how jokey the punch lines might be ('My mum don't know your mum / Stop telling man you're my cousin.')."

PopMatters,100,"While Aesop Rock may not be every hip-hop fan's cup of tea, you must respect the man's grind. All-in-all The Impossible Kidis like (yet unlike) any Aesop Rock release: Ill underground beats and a lyrical prowess that yields rewards with each willing listen."
musicOMH.com,90,"From blunted bedroom nights with a drum machine to two decades down the line releasing one of the finest true hip-hop offerings since Moment Of Truth. Always listen to the Weathermen. [No. 131, p.53]"
AllMusic,83,"Whereas Rocks last solo album, Skelethon, showcases his unparalleled knack for abstract imagery and reflection, The Impossible Kid combines hallucinatory wordplay with disarmingly forthright autobiography--a combination that enhances the impact of each mode."
The Guardian,83,"Despite the similar aesthetic to whats come before, mundanity refuses to set in. This is another great Aesop Rock album to add to the pile--another TKO to further solidify his underground king status."
Exclaim,82,"He is as detail-oriented with his beats as he is with his raps, providing the right mood at every occasion. Some of them are busy and swarming, while others are pleasantly simple."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Lyrical prowess is never in doubt, and neither is the idea that the MC is an acquired taste, but this wordy, extroverted, and capricious effort is an alive whirlwind with more pride than usual. That last bit makes it one of the most persuasive Aesop efforts to date."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"Whats amazing is that someone who has long been one of the finest and most difficult lyricists in hip-hop has now hit a high-water mark as not just a lyricist, but also as a songwriter and producer. The tones, beats, hooks, and endless variations and rhyming patterns are all here, and they come off as just as volatile and, perhaps, even more immediate than anything Aesop Rock has made to date."
Under The Radar,80,"Ultimately The Impossible Kid is an album that will reinforce whatever preconceptions about Aesop Rock you already hold. However, its also worth noting that this is most probably the least cryptic and most honest of all his records."
Consequence of Sound,80,"For years, Aesop Rock has been beloved for his ambitious, loquacious lyricism, but on The Impossible Kid, he's reached new artistic heights by using that elaborate wordplay to offer us a simple yet powerful glimpse at his scarred psyche."
Pitchfork,72,"The end result is his most introspective material since Daylight. Dedicated fans will appreciate it for its familiarity, which ironically, might also be their deterrent from it."
Resident Advisor,50,"Almost every track on The Impossible Kid is indistinguishable from the next, blending together in a way that converts the mans talent into his fatal flaw, due in part to the forgettable beats."

No Ripcord,80,"Drake's genuinely fleet-footed flows and sly humour prevent his pained introspection descending into a cheesy whine fest. [Aug 2016, p.95]"
Q Magazine,80,"The middle section boast a tougher, truculent edge reminiscent of last year's mixtape If You're Reading This It's Too Late. But it's during the final sequence that everything clicks. [#361, p.114]"
DIY Magazine,80,"Views should be a slog. But remarkably, his signature brand of downbeat introspection remains gripping."
Pretty Much Amazing,80,"It's a slow album, but through multiple listens, we're treated to the same complexities, but personal and musical, that have made him such a fascinating figure throughout the past decade."
XXL,80,"['Redemption' is] just one of the many deeply beautiful tracks here that further dismantles whatever barrier was left between rap and R&B following Drakes earlier albums."
Pitchfork,80,"The album highlights everything we have come to love about Drake but in too much excess. Clocking in at just under an hour-and-a-half and spread across 20 different songs, Views renders itself too long."
HipHopDX,80,"Views, made up of twenty polyrhythmic and eclectically curated tracks, is Toronto's ethos and identity in sonic form, an inside joke between Aubrey Graham and the city he's championed since the start."
AllMusic,80,"Ultimately nothing here really out-pops last years dulcet hit, Hotline Bling, included as a bonus track. As ever, though, the detail--both lyrical and producerly--is pin-sharp."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Views isnt a perfect album--some judicious pruning of the less impactful tracks would make it more easily digestible, and there are certainly moments when you start to wish Drake would cast his gaze a little further afield than his own navel--but nothing about it suggests that position is anything other than unassailable for the foreseeable future."
HipHopDX,75,"Drake still remains a master at producing low-key mesmerizing rap, but the Views are slightly less breathtaking here."
Entertainment Weekly,75,"Given all the resources he has, the album may have been too big to fail, but hes still maintained enough of his unique talent that its unlikely anyone could have done it better."
Pitchfork,70,"There are two kinds of people in the world: those who listen for lyrics, and those who listen for beats. If you belong to the latter group, then Views will be one of the best albums released this year. If youre in the former, well..."
The A.V. Club,70,"Drake is still skilled enough to carry off this pose with the effortlessness needed to make it credible, freighted as Views may be with cheeseball lines and repetitive refrains. These soft points have always been part of the charm, however, and while the album is overlong and presents nothing truly explosive or exhilarating, it generally works as a steady low-key collection of modish, contemplative mood music."
Spin,70,"At 20 tracks, it edges into bloat--and takes longer to ingratiate itself, although time spent in its company (ideally in a car, after dusk) reveals moments of careful craftsmanship and ingenuity."
Exclaim,70,"Overall, Views contains Drakes most straightforward lyrics, and his emotional excavations arent as striking as they were a few years ago, when they had the sting of the new to them."
Chicago Tribune,68,"Spanning an obnoxious 82 minutes, the record goes through several musical and thematic phases, but the overall atmosphere is bitter, petty, worn-down. It confuses loyalty and stagnation, wallowing in a sound that is starting to show its limits."
Paste Magazine,67,"Taken on its own, its another sumptuously produced, artfully crafted statement from one of the few rap stars with a truly individualistic aesthetic. Its also too long and stubbornly low energy, nowhere near the knockout Drakes been building it up to be since practically before he began recording it."
Pretty Much Amazing,60,"Despite some intriguing musical excursions though Views is very much the Drake record in excelsis. Its staggeringly long at 20 tracks and 80+ minutes, and is a grind for even the most ardent fan to get through."
NOW Magazine,60,"Views, like Take Care and Nothing Was the Same before it, is brilliant in places and thoroughly bloated in others."
PopMatters,60,"Drake is far too talented to turn in an album of dregs, and a lot of the content featured of Views is of the same breed of quality we would expect, like the instantly contagious 'Grammys', featuring Future. But for him to be so often contented with merely satisfactory results is somehow much more disappointing than a total failure."
XXL,60,"Its a disappointment for an artist whos managed to get better and better with every subsequent release up until this point."
The New York Times,60,"Views packs much less of a political punch than Beys must-hear epic, and at 20 tracks, Aubrey for the most part provides a rather overweight and lethargic waltz through his musical comfort zone."
Rolling Stone,60,"Drake's Views is him lying on a therapist's couch whining for large chunks of time and the album drags as a result. Yet, if you took the best dozen tracks, you'd have a perfectly enjoyable, listenable LP."
DIY Magazine,60,"Yes, at times it does drag a little and--though clever and often charming--the content isnt particularly inspiring."
The Line of Best Fit,60,"Views genuinely makes for mesmerising listening, even if much of the album seems to consists of lazy meanders through Drake's psyche."
The 405,58,"Yes, Views is both overlong and underwhelming. But theres a glimmer of something more poignant beneath its bloated surface."
New Musical Express (NME),58,"Drake feeds his own ego and starves his humility. There are engaging moments scattered throughout, such as the subtle outro to 9 or dvsns stellar turn on Faithful, but from the content to the execution, Views is strangled by the 6ix Gods own delusions."
Tiny Mix Tapes,50,"Eventually, people will get tired of the same old song if it's sung too often. On Views, Drake is starting to sound a little weary of it himself."
PopMatters,50,"A casual, only slightly-different-than-usual release smothered in atmosphere with one solid R&B song (thats reportedly been kicking around in a vault for a while) left stranded in the albums penultimate slot."
Exclaim,50,"Views is ostensibly set in Drake's hometown of Toronto, but most of it sounds like it's being narrated from a shuttered room at 3 in the morning. The moodiness seeps into a weary, bleary series of recriminations tinged with bitterness and petulance."
The Wire,40,"Its not completely without merit--some of the backing tracks have a mesmerisingly entropic grip, as well they might, with 14 writer/producers involved in a single track--but the overall effect is utterly wearying, and unpersuasive: after all, only fools waste pity on the wealthy."

Record Collector,80,"While the project has a few speed bumps, particularly the tracks with sung hooks that dont seem to mesh much with the tense, dynamic raps Freeway delivers, Free Will is another solid entry into the consistent catalog of one of Philadelphias finest."
Resident Advisor,80,"It's as if this is a needy mixtape, but that minor complaint aside, Free Will finds Freeway's great mix of cold and clever on the upswing, and packaged in a near perfect blend of old and new beats."
AllMusic,68,"Free Will is a solid project worth the spins but misses the opportunity to deliver a career-defining album by not having the personal touch thats needed in his discography."
Pitchfork,60,"The handful of breaks from his patented gutter raps aren't enough to compensate for the monotony in his dozen interchangeable guns-and-butter records."

Consequence of Sound,83,"Without succumbing to false sentimentality or restricting himself with the overly linear narrative structure of many of raps recent prestige albums, Ferg has crafted a tender tribute to the people he loves most. Its not often that albums that bang this hard are this moving."
Pretty Much Amazing,80,"That title is the rappers motto for the project and he accomplishes both. Not only does he strive to become a better, more diverse artist, he definitely prospers in more ways than one as he continues to make a name for himself as one of New Yorks biggest talents."
Pitchfork,80,"Fergs pungent wordplay powers this splendidly diverse and dynamic second album."
Rolling Stone,80,"Always Strive and Prosper is a chaotic, buoyant album, moving at varying speeds and with different textures. But uniting it all is an almost pervasive feeling of warmth, a sense that its creator comes from a world where hes surrounded by care, even if he doesnt always return it."
AllMusic,80,"With this solid album, he ain't the A$AP Mob's second banana anymore, either. Cutting-edge production from Clams Casino, Lex Luger, Cashmere Cat, and DJ Mustard help him get the job done."
Exclaim,80,"Eclectic, smart, skilful, occasionally experimental."
Spin,76,"Despite the occasional uncertainty, Always Strive and Prosper answers more questions than it poses. Ferg has clearly stepped up his game by delivering his most well-rounded project thus far."
DIY Magazine,73,"Production-value is high, with Ferg enlisting top-tier beatmakers like the aforementioned DJ Khalil but also No I.D., DJ Mustard, and even Skrillex. But the beats take a backseat to the lyrics. The overall sound remains intact, but hes even more invested in what hes saying."
PopMatters,70,"With Always Strive and Prosper, we now know about Fergs family, his faith, his ambitions, and his past, and his story is more beautiful that anyone ever expected."
Consequence of Sound,70,"The follow-up to his acclaimed 2013 debut Trap Lord sees the Harlem rapper open up with more honesty, humor and charm."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"The problem is that Ferg fails to provide a coherent musical vision to go with these compelling reminiscences."
The Skinny,60,"Always Strive and Prosper is arena rap in jet-set dance-pop drag, and while A$AP Fergs talent occasionally flickers when its directed in the wrong places, it shines brightest when hes just being himself."
Drowned In Sound,58,"Clocking in at roughly 47 minutes across a charitable eighteen tracks, Always Strive and Prosper does not seem to break any new ground."
Pitchfork,50,"Some songs function well as singularities, particularly New Level and Grandma, which showcase a few of Fergs best qualities in spurts, but as a complete work, Always Strive and Prosper is a misfire that presses to be greater than the sum of its parts."
AllMusic,50,"Always Strive and Prosper doesnt play to Fergs strengths. It feels more like album made by a big label committee, carving up a talented rapper piece by piece and stripping away everything that makes him special."

New Musical Express (NME),80,"The intensity of MC Dalek's worldly-wise apocalyptic wordplay on Guaranteed Struggle and Masked Laughter (Nothing's Left) help reinvent their trademark sound without sacrificing its essence. [Aug 2016, p.95]"
The Line of Best Fit,80,"At just 39 minutes long, its spectacularly brief, especially for Dlek (2007s Abandoned Language, for example, stretches to 63 minutes) but brevity here works in their favour, as theres very little fat that needs trimming."
PopMatters,78,"Dlek took hip-hop into new stylistic realms before. This time, although Brooks and company may not have specifically intended as much, on Asphalt for Eden, hip hop ascends into the noosphere."
Record Collector,74,"Ultimately, regardless of how invested you choose to be in the sentiments of pessimism and dejection, Asphalt for Eden is thoughtful and eclectic, blending elements of shoegaze, industrial, boom-bap, and ambience both sedative and rousing. All the while, it balances a grim, overarching societal direction with a thwarted attitude."
AllMusic,70,"Dlek have stepped out just enough to create an album that sits comfortably within the band's discography, and deserves to be cherished."
Q Magazine,60,"Their dense, clenched teeth sound has allowed them to cross over to rock fans, but can come over a bit try-hard, though that is not to say that the album is anything less than interesting, well put-together, filled with high standard rapping and at times strangely majestic."
musicOMH.com,60,"Yet if Shattered and follow-up Guaranteed Struggle are Dlek at their cacophonous and incensed best, subsequent tracks like Masked Laughter (Nothings Left) and 6dB reveal a band cultivating a lighter, more introspective side."
The Guardian,40,"Somewhere in Asphalt For Eden is buried beautiful music. [Jun 2016, p.62]"

The Independent (UK),80,"While The Diary has its shining moments, it also has some issues. ... For Dilla fans, The Diary proves to be an essential listening."
The Observer (UK),80,"A supremely confident collection from an artist just gearing up for greatness. [Jun 2016, p.111]"
RapReviews.com,80,"The Diary is almost certainly for the diehards but even casual fans will find a lot to like."
Pitchfork,80,"The Diary testifies once again to Dillas immense talent."
Resident Advisor,80,"There are musical and lyrical nods here to R. Kelly, Jay Z, Big Punisher and more. For better and worse, The Diary is strikingly of its time."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Its an album thats a handy reminder of how inseparable weirdo experimentalism is from the badass mainstream in hip hop."
The 405,80,"Nothing here totally confounds the suspicion that Yancey was a brilliant producer, but merely an able rapper. Still, as a respectable cap on a great body of work, The Diary will do nicely."
HipHopDX,75,"His legacy was going to live on whether The Diary was released or not. This just broadens the scope of the legend and gives us even more to appreciate."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"The Diary's strongest cuts come when Dilla is behind the board."
Exclaim,70,"What a solo album with all of his own bars over all of his own beats would have sounded like, well never know; The Diary does more than enough to fire all of our imaginations, though."
RapReviews.com,70,"Sure, its certainly not his best long-player, but the highlights stacked here--the truly awesome The Introduction, established heaters like Fuck The Police (sequenced perfectly here towards the climax)--ensure The Diary is, in the end, a solid addition to the J Dilla catalogue."
Magnet,70,"The Diary of J Dilla might not rival its maker's best output, but it's a pivotal and illuminating chapter, even when heard out of sequence. Just as importantly, it fulfills the wish of a master musician."
The A.V. Club,69,"The Diary is notable for presenting an official release to his intended debut. And, just like any diamond unearthed after many years, The Diary is flawed, but still precious."
Consequence of Sound,60,"Hyped as the final batch of unissued material assembled during his lifetime, like most mythical artefacts, the reality proves a little disappointing. Not that there isnt decent stuff to enjoy here. The Introduction and the Gary Numan-sampling Trucks are both capable head-nodders while The Ex features prime production work by Pete Rock and a brilliant vocal turn by Bilal."
Pitchfork,60,"Most of the songs on The Diary work far better in isolation than they do when treated as part of a unified whole."
AllMusic,60,"While producers including Karriem Riggins and Madlib serve him well here, its clear that Dilla expressed himself best through his beats."
PopMatters,50,"The album is recognisable in name only. Only a few songs register in their entirety as actual conceivable moments that the artist would have presumably been comfortable releasing."
Clash Music,40,"Dilla's legacy is invincible at this point, a point proved by the endless artists that still shout him out on their records. However, any lesser musician's entire discography would be forever tarnished by a release as lackluster as The Diary."

Exclaim,84,"Layers is an album of tremendous depth and skill, and shines a light on Royce 59 as multifaceted artist."
HipHopDX,80,"While Layers is not filled with party bangers or catchy, memorable hooks, Royce uses his album as a platform to create a dialogue with his audience."
Spin,80,"Six albums deep on the solo tip, Royces introspective side clearly shines through on Layers."
Mojo,70,"The heavy-hitting social commentary of 'America' is an example of Royce in the spotlight and exceeding expectations."
Q Magazine,70,"Layers is a great step forward, a glowing promise on his next album, his ambitions will be fully realized."
New Musical Express (NME),64,"The album ends strong, from 'America' to closer 'Off,' but much like most of Royces solo catalog, there aren't many songs on Layers that really reward replaying or close listening."

Exclaim,80,"Sean and Aiko make for a convincing couple. But what makes Twenty88 such a compelling listen is the startling honesty and rawness it captures--even if it's just fantasy."
Los Angeles Times,78,"Their chemistry is unquestionable and the music derived from that unique harmony is constantly improving."
XXL,70,"This debut EP is a deeper, meatier experience than expected, going as far as to be a conceptual release focused on relationships."
The 405,65,"[Big Sean is] prone to rambling, will drag schemes out too long, and he isn't afraid to overcommit. But he strings together enough solid stretches to keep tracks moving. Still, Aiko is often the saving grace, holding songs together and delivering the better verses."
The Observer (UK),65,"It's a toxic game they play throughout the 30-minute project, without ever garnering the introspection they need until things are too late."
The Guardian,55,"If you can get past some of the dumb lines and the often blunt nature of Big Sean's approach to seduction, there's enough solid, modern R&B here to satisfy those craving something a bit more direct than Drake, but it could have been so much more."

Entertainment Weekly,90,"What will keep you coming back to Film Festival is a profound desire to dissect further, to unpack the lyrical and instrumental proficiency to such a degree you feel so in on the joke that Mike and Paul arent just collaborators and flawless music makers to you, theyre friends."
Consequence of Sound,83,"Props go to Open Mike Eagle for finding the right delivery and attitude suitable for each new endeavor. But stronger accolades go to White for crafting such a challenging and engrossing set of beats in the first place."
Spin,80,"This collection is as heavy, thoughtful and laborious as anything Mike Eagle has released to date, but luckily hes reached a place where he can withstand indie Hip Hops glass ceiling."
Slant Magazine,80,"Hella is an easy LP to get drawn into and (just like all of his other releases) it's also a joyous adventure to get lost in."
Rolling Stone,80,"Sprawling and searching for truth, Hella Personal Film Festival is another excellent Open Mike Eagle album, and if it doesn't entice those with short attention spans, that's their loss."
The New York Times,75,"Even when he covers familiar territory, Eagle rarely repeats himself. Hes constantly finding new ways to say something better, and its part of what makes Hella Personal Film Festival feel so necessary."
Pitchfork,73,"Festival is refreshingly cohesive, exploring varied themes without drifting off-course."
The A.V. Club,70,"Open Mike Eagles momentum has raised anticipation for his fifth collaborative full-length (and ninth album altogether), Hella Personal Film Festival, this time made with British producer and vocalist Paul White. But he doesnt quite scale up his political and personal concerns. Instead, he gives us more modest delights."
musicOMH.com,60,"The ambition is still there. [Jun 2016, p.114]"

The Line of Best Fit,80,"Regardless of the constantly evolving mood, RJ finds new ways to surprise and engage your ears."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Dame Fortune is a culmination album with an artist's evolution pushing things forward with all his strengths in tow. Check Dead Ringer for that debut spark, and look to this one for something more skilled, bigger, but just as free-spirited."
PopMatters,70,"In Dame Fortune, RJD2 engineers a set of compulsions that similarly evolve before you, and while no boundary is pushed here, his acute sense of sonic craftsmanship shows no sign of depreciating."
Clash Music,70,"Much like the producers former offerings, Dame Fortune tries to be everything all at once, making for a good listen with occasional lapses."
RapReviews.com,70,"Tracks like 'Your Nostalgic Heart and Lung' and 'PF, Day One' find RJD2 exploring the depths of his own synth work, without a sample in sight. Granted, they are actually some of the weaker tracks on the album, but it's a step towards a more mature sound that has room to grow."
DIY Magazine,60,"The hastiness and outlandishness of the swerving soundscapes are the albums strengths and its weaknesses, simultaneously keeping a listener enticed and running them ragged. Such zeal keeps Krohns final destination on the horizon, just out of reach."
The Telegraph (UK),60,"As usual, it features some reliably masterful beat work and production, but, at the same time, falls somewhat short in becoming the grand defining statement that its creator was intending it to be."
Pretty Much Amazing,60,"In short, a breezy DJ set attuned for meditative easy listening. When this approach clicks, the results are nothing less than sumptuous, a rich panorama of material organized by an artist whose greatest talents seem to lie in curation."
HipHopDX,58,"The entirety of the record, in fact, feels like its trailing a few years behind. It frequently doesnt quite grasp the soulful, jazz-adjacent vibes of the Brainfeeder crew and similar coastal cool."
AllMusic,50,"RJD2 has made a bold statement with Dame Fortune but sadly one lacking in much resonance."

Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Slime Season 3 is as celebratory, emotionally rich, and life-affirming as a good funeral should be but never is. And this isnt the end; its only the beginning of a brand new chapter."
Chicago Tribune,80,"His delivery is somehow still getting better, and Slime Season 3 succeeds as an exercise in discovering just how elastic syllables are."
The Independent (UK),80,"Every song justifies its spot: the Allen Ritter-produced 'Drippin'' serves as a standout, exhibiting a staccato delivery and manic yelling, both of which are new to his already vast sonic vocabulary."
XXL,79,"The tape plays like a final installment, going out with a bang and saving some of the series' best for last."
AllMusic,76,"Young Thug's extensive catalog is spotted with dynamic moments and this project seems to forgo such progressiveness. The range is still there, but sectioned into neatly packaged offerings."
HipHopDX,75,"This isnt one of the standout tapes in Thugs ever-expanding discography. But, as always, it signifies development, progression--most of it accessible on 'Drippin'."
Exclaim,75,"Slime Season 3, while still with its flaws, is the perfect introduction to those wondering just where the hell popular hip-hop has come, gone, and will soon go in the snowballing south."
The A.V. Club,70,"Although Young Thug moves away from exploring emotional pain, SS3 is still very much informed by introspection."
XXL,67,"This record feels a little too brief, especially trailing off at the end. But if the chief complaint about a Young Thug record is that hes too focused, it shows hes honing in on that perfect blend that will launch him into the stratosphere."
The Observer (UK),60,"Good as they are, theres nothing like Calling Your Name or Dont Know here, and its shorter tracklist means youre just getting teed up for the back nine when time is called. Having said that, its free to download and another interesting release from hip-hops most idiosyncratic talent."
The New York Times,60,"Overall, Slime Season 3 stacks up well against Thugs colorful catalog and is undoubtedly the most listenable mixtape in the series thus far."

AllMusic,80,"[Domo Genesis] still talks about weed and weirdness, and sometimes with a star-studded guest list, as the killer 'Go (Gas)' features Wiz Khalifa, Juicy J, and Tyler, The Creator. Mac Miller figures into the great 'Coming Back', but the bits about Domo's family, his autistic brother, and his own search for self make this a meatier album than expected."
The Guardian,80,"Its the subtle sequencing--deliberate to show his progression--that elevates the project from merely a delinquent to being the tale of a reformed man."
HipHopDX,72,"Sometimes the hooks on Genesis get wonky, there are portions of the record that feel unfinished (like the second half of 'Wanderer'), and every now and then Domo will sneak in a groaner. But for the most part, Genesis is a revelation."
Pitchfork,60,"Domo's Genesis is a step in the right direction, but he's walking to his destination, and not anywhere near where he needs to be just yet."
PopMatters,58,"The sparks of great art are there, but the brain behind the creation lays dormant. Time will tell where Domo goes, and honestly Genesis isn't a bad beginning."
Rolling Stone,50,"An album which largely plays assured and empty. Genesis is home to a few brilliant moments, however. [May 2016, p.49]"

New Musical Express (NME),80,"Slay-Z is a blast. What sets Banks apart from her peers is her ability to bounce effortlessly between genres."
The Line of Best Fit,74,"Slay-Z isn't quite such a project [that will eclipse anything she does offline] but her talent is still apparent throughout its run time."
Pretty Much Amazing,74,"On Slay-Z, there are hints of that power. They dont shine nearly as bright as her almost flawless debut record, but they keep us watching and listening."
Spin,70,"Slay-Z is a solid EP that is also incredibly frustrating. It's frustrating because it is an example of the talent that Banks is wasting by devoting so much of her time and energy to having pissing contests on social media."
Consequence of Sound,70,"Her outrageous self-possession plays out more vibrantly on some of these tracks, like Big Talk, which puts her up against the rapper Rick Ross, and Riot, which has a klaxon-like hook handled by Nina Sky. Theres no end to Ms. Bankss swagger, though her toughest moments veer toward the style of a hometown rival, Nicki Minaj."
Mojo,70,"Slay-Z is a very good mini-mixtape, and more than half of it sustains in any formation."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Although Slay-Z's flat lyrics might be a little uninspiring for the sober listener, its vigorous beats and dizzying pace are perfect for settings that require more moving and less thinking."

Pitchfork,70,"Even if there are more than a few moments on Drink More Water 6 that feel like obligatory retreads, theres a lot to be said for iLoveMakonnens sheer charisma and for the immensely unique voice that he flaunts here more effortlessly than ever."
Sputnikmusic,70,"Complaints are tempered by the fact that this is a mixtape, where casual segues and half-finished cuts are the thing, and with so many compelling moments, Drink More Water 6 offers much wider appeal than the usual sideline release."
The Line of Best Fit,62,"At 11 tracks, it's longer than 2 and lacks the experimentation of Drink More Water 5, and it drags."
Record Collector,60,"There isnt enough here to make Makonnens name start buzzing like it used to. The jury is still out on whether or not he will fade into the one-hit wonder category but one thing is for sure, the EP hinders more than it helps."
Tiny Mix Tapes,40,"Unfortunately, Drink More Water 6--the latest iteration of a mixtape series started in 2012--shows little evolution in Makonnen's style, and hints that he may have exhausted the esoteric sound that he pioneered."

The Wire,70,"Whichever side you fall on, King is worth myriad repeat listens: Dolph bridges the gap between his hometown and the Atlanta production that dominates raps mainstream."
XXL,70,"His mixtapes certainly feel more 'alive' and offer more variety, but couple them with this deeper, hard-hitting album, and the full Young Dolph picture becomes both clear and more attractive."
Q Magazine,66,"King of Memphis has all the ingredients of a breakout debut album with 12 featureless tracks but it settles in as another conventional Dolph project."
Spin,60,"The self-proclaimed king has his fair share of high moments on the project but the room for growth lies in his subject matter. Money is the motive for Dolph yet he doesnt venture too far away from the green to give listeners a distinct variety in subject matter."

The Guardian,84,"Produced entirely by Erick The Architect Elliott, the 12-song mind trip is hodgepodge of haunting strings, ambient sounds fit for a sci-fi film and hard-hitting drums."
The New York Times,80,"An excellent debut that flows perfectly and offers something new with every return."
Mixmag,80,"A journey into their liberated, tie-dyed consciousness and their best project to date."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"3001: A Laced Odyssey is a perfect first step in a career that is still blooming."
Consequence of Sound,80,"The impressive chemistry the trio displayed on their earlier work continues here."
The 405,72,"3001: A Laced Odyssey does an adequate job of reminding us all of Flatbush Zombies smart, sharp lyrics. What they lack in hit-single potential, they make up for in talent, but without a calling-card song it's hard to know what their next move is."
The Line of Best Fit,67,"Their immaturity and brusqueness is flavored with a new level of social consciousness and introspection."

Clash Music,91,"Untitled Unmastered provides a spectacular contrast of sounds gallivanting under the same roof."
AllMusic,91,"It may be a while before Lamar releases a project with such low stakes again, so take Untitled for the casual gift that it is: a bonus disc that improbably holds up as an essential album in its own right."
Pitchfork,90,"He continues to hold our attention as he makes sense of his own findings on God and race and legacy and perfection."
Record Collector,90,"His harrowed and ongoing metamorphosis into a butterfly is the narrative hes chosen and is the story hell likely will stick with for the foreseeable future, but untitled unmastered shows that the holes in his willed chrysalis might be more interesting than the beauty promised by the cocoon."
PopMatters,90,"We've come to expect nothing less than near-perfection from K.Dot and he comes pretty damn close on his most recent effort."
The Observer (UK),90,"Whats revealed by this new project--call it an album, EP, compilation, mixtape, outtake, sketch--is a fiercely independent artist escaping the trappings of hip-hop conventions, both mainstream and otherwise; he seeks ascetic salvation through intense introspection and, in the process, created a great release, no matter where its filed."
Drowned In Sound,89,"Kendrick Lamar does an impeccable job of wrapping up the entire Butterfly process in a tidy bow."
Under The Radar,88,"What strikes you most is the sheer joy present in the sessions, imperfections galore. The free-flowing yet concentrated totality of Kendricks method."
HipHopDX,88,"Untitled, Unmastered is presented as an unfinished work, though it rarely sounds like one."
PopMatters,86,"As with TPAB, untitled unmastered. demands to be approached on its own terms, even when you don't know what those terms are. You can't say he didn't try for you, ride for you, or push the club to the side for you."
XXL,85,"Ultimately, untitled unmastered isnt TPAB, and anyone expecting something of similar cultural impact is only depriving themselves of one of the years early musical gems."
AllMusic,80,"The songs here appear to be fragments sewn together so looking to find any cohesive narrative is beside the point, nor is there any pressure for there to be any obvious hits on the album. The effect is that the focus is shifted to Lamars vocal performance and serves as more evidence that hes not only the foremost rapper of his generation, but is fast becoming one of the most effective vocalists full-stop."
Exclaim,80,"Kendrick Lamars talent is superficial in the extreme, plumbing his own creative depths with an unerring attention to detail. With untitled unmastered., he has found another way to sheathe people in his compelling vision."
Pitchfork,80,"The result might be a different kind of journey, complete with detours and dead-ends, but its as compelling as any he's taken so far. [Jun 2016, p.111]"
Los Angeles Times,80,"untitled unmastered. is no mere offcut dump. It's as vital as anything else its maker has released."
HipHopDX,80,"Seeking peace of mind and understanding while speaking to the human condition, Kendrick drops poignant gems on the idiosyncrasies of life, as well as his own, over the rich production provided by his trusty platoon of boardsmen on untitled unmastered."
AllMusic,80,"untitled may have an amount of unfinished, scattered ideas, yet it still feels essential and vital. Theres no narrative, and the music may not be as rich as we know it can be, but Kendrick Lamar can still command attention like no other."
Pitchfork,80,"A perfectly fine release, Untitled Unmastered doesn't exist to change anyone's mind about Lamar."
The 405,80,"An eight-song, 34-minute miniature more substantial than just a handful of outtakes, but also in execution not as complete or united as his album-ass albums (starting with 2011s Section.80)."
RapReviews.com,80,"To call untitled unmastered a follow-up would be unfair, but what it reveals is that raps most innovative has a lot more left in his locker."
Clash Music,80,"All said, untitled unmastered. is a brilliant mini-album that stands well on its own, but it works even better as a fascinating To Pimp a Butterfly appendix, expanding on and balancing the themes of that album both sonically and lyrically."
The A.V. Club,80,"There are few unfamiliar messages and its all dense and considered, but never overwrought or explicitly angry. What really emerges is Kendrick's nuanced worldview."
HipHopDX,80,"Its a confident and powerful statement, and one that underlines his complete and utter dominance of the genre at this moment."
Exclaim,80,"A collection whose understatement allows different facets of Lamars talent to shine."
AllMusic,80,"The short length and minimal production means Untitled Unmastered occasionally lacks the dynamics of Lamars previous work, but it remains an enthralling postscript to his masterpiece."
Consequence of Sound,80,"For all of its discordance, there is both the degree of palpable cohesion belying To Pimp A Butterfly and the unorthodox narrative of GKMC that lures the listener close."
Pitchfork,80,"Lamar is as cutting as ever in his rhymes, and adjusts his flow to great effect."
Spin,80,"In a way, its all as tightly woven as his Grammy-winning work, even if none of these cuts fit that albums meticulous narrative."
Q Magazine,75,"Lamar delivered untitled unmastered. as if it were a whim, and yet it works as such a powerful statement of the duality of his existence--driven yet humble, fed up yet excited, frustrated yet joyful, casual yet serious."
Boston Globe,70,"It's typical of Lamr's artistry that even a comp of offcuts comes formatted and conceptualised. [Jun 2016, p.75]"
AllMusic,70,"Ultimately, this is a set of odds and ends, inspired freestyles and funk jams; many are likely Butterfly outtakes, albeit none with the laser-focused resonance of 'The Blacker The Berry' or 'Alright.' But there's brilliance in even Lamar's cast-offs, and an intimacy here that makes this more than just a gift for his ravenous fans."

PopMatters,76,"ColleGrove peaks when it stumbles onto potential hits off sheer energy but it never sparks the same fervor that songs about their old stomping grounds could."
Pitchfork,70,"It's a casual, tossed-off affair, although one filled with mutual admiration, riveting one-upmanship, and a glorious journey across the hip-hop production spectrum, from Mannie Fresh to Metro Boomin."
Exclaim,70,"It meshes the two rappers sensibilities seamlessly, proving them kindred spirits all along."
No Ripcord,68,"More often than not, ColleGrove plays out like 2 Chainz pulling his friend and mentor up by his bootstraps while ceding a bit of the spotlight in the process. Its a generous gesture, but a costly one."
DIY Magazine,60,"This album has some of the best rap around--but you'll have to be willing to look for it."
Slant Magazine,60,"ColleGrove isnt necessarily a letdown but doesnt exactly exceed expectations. There are some moments of brilliance from both sides but overall, a collaboration of this magnitude should have stronger replay value across more songs."
Consequence of Sound,60,"When Collegrove is good, it's very good. Unfortunately, it's tough to hear this project as anything but a crude marketing move to keep both rappers relevant until their next solo projects."
Clash Music,50,"Throughout ColleGrove, the dominant statement that seems to be made is one of discordancy and dullness. Wherever these two succeed, there is always an antithesis to mute the momentum."
Tiny Mix Tapes,40,"All in all this project comes up very short. Lil Wayne is simply not what he used to be, and 2 Chainz leaves much to be desired."

PopMatters,80,"It reaffirms  Kano's position as a consummate grime all-rounder. [Apr 2016, p.86]"
Exclaim,80,"MITM is an album with depth, and will please both hardcore grime-heads and casual fans. Youd have to be mad in the manor not to love it."
Pitchfork,80,"This resultant collage, produced by all this cutting and pasting of personal experience and observational wisdom, is a wonderful snapshot in time of the thoughts behind one of the most unique voices in British rap."
HipHopDX,70,"While there's nothing here to equal his career-changing hit 'P's And Q's,' opener 'Hail' comes close with its down-and-dirty signature riff. [Apr 2016, p.75]"
The Line of Best Fit,70,"Concepts (Little Sis, schmaltz aside, laments a distanced sibling), and grime-horned hammers (New Banger, 3 Wheel Ups with Wiley and Giggs), put familiarly uneven album flow in a nutshell."
Pretty Much Amazing,60,"While the likes of Stormzy and Novelist have concentrated on harder, myopic tracks that reference their world and little else, here Kano offers more accessibility. Some of that jars, including a slow, trudging ode to his sibling (Little Sis), but others--such as standout A Roadmans Hymn--show an MC who has become an artist."
Spin,60,"He's carved out his own island. [Apr 2016, p.104]"
Consequence of Sound,50,"While his veteran presence allows him to sufficiently navigate his way through introspective material, Kanos simply more commanding when hes at the helm of so-called bangers. Consequently, Made in the Manor is an exercise in dashed expectations."
The Guardian,50,"The momentum doesn't dip through the sunny but sinister celebration of 'T-Shirt Weather In The Manor,' Kano's rapid flow over electronic rowdiness on 'new Banger' and the stunning dancefloor swagger of '3 Wheel Ups.'... The album peters out after that. [Mar 2016, p.46]"

XXL,80,"The album isnt necessarily a classic, or better than The Heist, but it does prove Macklemore is here to stay."
AllMusic,80,"The bookends are tracks that aim to be masterworks and fall just one step short, but everything in between is delightful, stunning, or both, making the album's title less than one-tenth apt, and Macklemore & Lewis both emo under-promisers and Grammy-worthy over-deliverers."
HipHopDX,76,"The title harbors on his crash-landed placement in the mainstream where he simply wants to co-exist while the music, albeit a times disjointed, makes up one of the most self-aware, socially conscious rap albums in recent memory, if not ever."
Pitchfork,75,"Despite some lyrical flaws here and there, it still shines."
Exclaim,70,"Four years later, with This Unruly Mess Ive Made, hes dropped the album that Kanye haters wanted Kanye to make."
Pretty Much Amazing,67,"While Macklemore wants to provoke thought, the albums real strengths are its mindlessly amusing tracks."
The Wire,60,"Its equal parts witty and serious, poppy and knotty, cracking wise one minute, then demanding you sit quietly and listen carefully through some complicated soul-searching."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"'Make better music,' he wills himself on 'Bolo Tie.' And sometimes he does, especially when the beats turn soulful and artists like Leon Bridges and Chance the Rapper swing by for assists. With the exception of the exuberant 'Downtown,' coming up with 'Thrift Shop'-style catchiness is rarely the goal here."
HipHopDX,58,"Its hard to think of a more apt title for this album than This Unruly Mess Ive Made. Listeners can find everything that made Macklemore popular in the first place, mixed with everything that lead to the intense backlash against him two years ago."
Pitchfork,51,"This Unruly Mess Ive Made is nowhere near as bad as its detractors would like it to be. Its an occasionally inspiring, often corny rap album made for winning Grammy nominations and waking the hearts of the unwoken. The sum of this is sometimes appealing, though frustrating."
RapReviews.com,50,"Though This Unruly Mess Ive Made is decent, its biggest failing lies in its quality control. For every good song, there are two mediocre and/or forgettable ones next to them."
The New York Times,50,"Kevin and White Privilege II, obvious attempts to spark political discourse, see an artist not afraid to speak his mind. It makes meme-chasing moments like Brad Pitts Cousin and Dance-Off all the more forgettable."
Spin,50,"Well intentioned but frequently clumsy (I want to be Hugh Jackman/ you know jacked, man), the record demonstrates that the duos skills havent yet caught up to their ambition."
Exclaim,42,"TUMIM shows a regression to the mean, further establishing him as an above-average emcee whose runaway hype train simply ran off the tracks."
Tiny Mix Tapes,40,"Macklemore remains unsure of himself throughout, lacking the rapping skills and natural charisma needed to get things onto a surer footing. In the end, its a sadly fitting album title."
AllMusic,40,"Admittedly, the pair also cover weightier topics--the co-opting of hip-hop, music industry machinations and parenting dilemmas--but its all against a backdrop of basicness that continues to grate."
Pitchfork,30,"Many of This Unruly Mess Ive Mades flaws couldve very well been forgotten, or at least temporarily swept under the rug, had the actual music been good."

XXL,80,"Maybe his previous effort, 2013's I Am, flowed better and came with more of a sense of purpose, but this loose LP is still well above satisfying and features highlights that stand with the man's best."
Exclaim,80,"The Art of Hustle finds Yo Gotti sticking to his roots. His street-acclaimed catalog is what got him here in the first place and the project doesnt veer off course."
Spin,70,"The Art of Hustle is about more than misleading filters, though: its a thorough testament to how and why Gotti has carried the banner for Memphis since 2005: Law, featuring E-40, is superbly ageless."
AllMusic,68,"Aside from its individual weaknesses, as a whole, The Art of Hustle doesnt feel very intentional; its a collection of songs more than a body of work."
HipHopDX,66,"Unfortunately, The Art of Hustle is mostly forgettable as a major-label rap record, but it bears out a teachable truth about Gotti's career: sometimes showing up is more than half the battle."
XXL,60,"The Art of Hustle has vision, but it's occasionally weighed down by Gotti's efforts to recreate the success of his biggest single yet."

HipHopDX,100,"Even when Wests going in uncomfortable directions, his music feels alive."
AllMusic,100,"It feels far different from any of the tightly constructed, singular works of Wests past, and from a sonic standpoint, it sounds almost like a greatest-hits collection of nearly every sound and musical idea that hes cultivated up to this moment. If you have a favorite Kanye West record, you can find it in here somewhere."
Tiny Mix Tapes,100,"[A] near-classic, Wests Physical Graffiti, his White Album. The Life of Pablo makes the wonderful Yeezus appear minor by comparison."
XXL,90,"Pablo doesn't go for any grand musical and emotional statements on the level of 'Bound 2' or 'Runaway' or 'Hey Mama.' West just drops broken pieces of his psyche all over the album and challenges you to fit them together."
Clash Music,90,"A madcap sense of humor animates all his best work, and The Life of Pablo has a freewheeling energy that is infectious and unique to his discography. Somehow, it comes off as both his most labored-over and unfinished album, full of asterisks and corrections and footnotes."
Pitchfork,88,"In a word, Pablo is fun, and its fun in a way that a Kanye album hasnt been in nearly a decade, since Graduations pop-rap coup marked his commercial peak."
Consequence of Sound,86,"Moments like Pt. 2 where Yeezy reflects on his parents divorce, his mothers passing, his near fatal car crash over Rick Rubin, Mike Dean, and Metro Boomins bouncing madness linger long after last listen."
Pretty Much Amazing,85,"After seven manic albums attempting to prove his perfection, Kanye is seeking penance on The Life Of Pablo. Here, he delivers 18 heavenly hymns."
The A.V. Club,84,"Its this unholy amalgam of anger and swagger and self-loathing and--above all--love, all served over some of the best production work the man has ever done."
The 405,83,"Like the man himself, the album is emotional, explosive, unpredictable, and undeniably thrilling."
Paste Magazine,80,"While it may not be relatable, it is a rewarding journey."
RapReviews.com,80,"T.L.O.P. does the perfect job of showcasing what makes Kanye brilliant--excellent production mixed with creative samples and his Quincy Jones-esque ability to get the best work out of some of musics most talented artists. Yes rapping is good, filled with creative and honest lyrics, funny barbs, outright disses, his occasional take on pop culture and politics and the traditional Kanye bragging plus a few unnecessary lines that can make some listeners wonder he would even say them. But thats Ye."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"For all the paradoxical production agendas in play, Mr. Wests guiding hand in constructing the albums boldly going flow is everywhere in evidence. As glacially paced, mood-enhancing music, Pablo is a hypnotic slam-dunk."
Austin Chronicle,80,"West is the rare artist who can turn a cry for attention into something more: a distillation of his artistic output to date that is quintessentially Kanye, whether you like him or not."
HipHopDX,80,"More an obscure self-portrait than a Picasso masterpiece, The Life Of Pablo retains its authors status as the most interesting man in music. But he makes it seem like harder work than the effortlessness were used to."
Chicago Tribune,80,"Once again, Kanye has released music filled with contradictions and confusion. Once again, its like nothing heard before. Once again, its good to have him back."
Pitchfork,80,"A genius--and yes, perhaps a little bit crazy--with an attention to detail like no other, no matter what might slip from his grasp ($53 million for one, if recent statements are to be believed), Kanye West is in full control of every atom of The Life Of Pablo."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"[He] has perfected the art of aesthetic and intellectual bricolage, shape-shifting in real time and counting on listeners to keep up. More than on any of his previous albums, 'Pablo' reflects that rambling, fearsome energy. This is Tumblr-as-album, the piecing together of divergent fragments to make a cohesive whole."
Record Collector,70,"For better or worse, no-one else is making records quite like this. [May 2016, p.82]"
No Ripcord,70,"The Life of Pablo has a lot going for it, but sometimes, even with all the best intentions, you can mess up a good thing just by virtue of being yourself."
Q Magazine,70,"My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy remains the apex of West's maximalist visions, and while The Life of Pablo certainly aims high, it isn't as consistently pointed in delivering both music and message as its big-budget predecessor was. And yet, it remains a modern gospel that is undeniably West's own, with a handful of vexatious moments peppered throughout the undeniably visionary ones."
AllMusic,70,"The other way to look at the erratic Pablo is as an 'instant' LP, one that was mastered at the last minute and debuted via streaming. On that count, it's a fascinating, magazine-like experience with plenty of reasons to give it a free play, and with 'Feedback' adding 'name one genius that ain't crazy' to the mix, Pablo excuses itself from the usual criticisms, although it could have been tighter."
XXL,70,"{A] scattered, contradictory work of an icon straining to keep up with his own brilliant pace."
PopMatters,70,"Too often his raps are egotistical, self-pitying, trashy, crass or just clunky- distracting from the sonic feats behind the vocals."
The Quietus,60,"There is much to be admired here, rather less to be enjoyed."
Spin,60,"Despite the embarrassment of riches, though, there's also a lot of plain old embarrassment. [May 2016, p.110]"
DIY Magazine,60,"The Life Of Pablo is bursting at the seams with ideas and talking points, from his mental health and destructive ego to the very fact that this album defines how useless the format is. As with every one of his records, you feel like this is only the tip of the iceberg."
Exclaim,60,"For a rapper who has excelled in redefining the artform, The Life Of Pablo is a sprawling, uneven and curiously unfinished sounding affair with a dearth of recognisable bangers. Much less than the sum of its parts when stacked against the grandiloquent orchestral sweep of 2010s My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy or pared-back abrasive aural sculpture of predecessor Yeezus, it suggests West is merely human after all."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"While there are great lines and verses here, not least the funny, smart No More Parties in LA  which features Lamar  youre occasionally struck by the sense that West doesnt really have that much to say this time around, or at least not much that he hasnt said before."
Clash Music,58,"West finds control on an album whose first half is uncharacteristically wild. The focus present on these tracks [Waves, FML, Real Friends, Wolves] are what is expected of West.... But the strength in these moments also highlight how rudderless the rest of Pablo often feels."
The Observer (UK),55,"There is plenty here to suggest that West's magic has not entirely left him, but as a statement of art or true intent, this is a significant misstep from an artist with so much to praise."
Mojo,50,"Pablo grips your attention through an attraction-repulsion effect: the attraction largely pertaining to the sonics, the repulsion manifesting almost entirely in the lyrics. [Apr 2016, p.52]"
Drowned In Sound,50,"West is consistently the weak link. The musical patchwork of The Life Of Pablo is frequently--but not always--diverting in its restlessness and detail, from the abruptness with which Price is faded out on 'Ultralight Beam' to the scrawling guitars that underpin 'Feedback', probably the most straightforwardly good song on the album."
NOW Magazine,50,"Spirituality is more overt on The Life of Pablo than any of his previous sets, but its damn near impossible to decipher. Sure, The Life of Pablos obscurities and eccentricities make it ripe for endless dissection by Wests fans and followers, but make no mistake: this albums is flawed, its problematic, and most of all, its no masterpiece."
Boston Globe,50,"Sounds like a work in progress rather than a finished album."

Consequence of Sound,85,"EVOL is one of if not the best project Future has under his name, and while it may not feel as grandiose and capital I Important as DS2 in his legacy, it pushes his sound forward while he continues to stretch himself as an MC, songwriter, and lyricist."
Uncut,83,"Its an extraordinary triumph of ambitious trap soundscapes and an excellent complement for a driven artist, a man no longer inhibited by loss. With every passing release, Future grows more confident, and more callous."
Rolling Stone,80,"Again Future marshals the glittering soundscapes expertly, his tuneful flow reining in the beats while imbuing all the fragility, heartsickness and aggression that make it the most impressive instrument in rap right now."
HipHopDX,80,"The production is slick and striking, even when it fades to black (Xanny Family) or gets tangled up in layered hi-hats (Program)--these tracks sound equally as engaged and provocative as anything on last years masterful DS2."
AllMusic,80,"EVOL is only the latest building block on one of the most impressive runs from any rapper weve seen, and Future shows no signs of slowing down for anything."
Spin,80,"EVOL, along with the Purple Reign mixtape, doesnt provide that instant hit that Futures world-class 2015 was so full of. Instead it crawls into your brain and makes itself at home; youll find yourself going back to it over and over without even realizing."
Pitchfork,73,"It's billed as something of a minor release (in the same way What a Time to Be Alive was minor but they still wanted your money for it), but it's still an 'official' one, meaning Future swings for a few radio hits here. They feel more obligatory than outright bad."
Rolling Stone,70,"Odds are Future will drop another project or five between now and the end of the calendar year, so while EVOL is ultimately dispensable its still a pretty good time."
XXL,70,"His intensity is consistent and his affinity for recognizing his fans favor is respectable. He doesnt change things up much sonically, which is a welcomed critique."
Exclaim,70,"EVOL doesnt break any rules or set many new ones, but as the latest in a seemingly never-ending series of wonders Future and his team wield in their creation of druggy, downcast afterparty dispatches, it is a joy."
Pretty Much Amazing,65,"While EVOL seems to be more consistent than 'Purple Reign,' it doesn't quite hold up to his previous releases. EVOL leaves you wanting more but not in a good way."
RapReviews.com,60,"The formula is working, but for fans using his albums as a way in, theyre missing a big part of what makes Future so intriguing."
Mojo,60,"His raps here still stick fairly closely to the trap-music conventions that have dominated the hip-hop scene in Futures hometown Atlanta for the past decade or so."
The Line of Best Fit,60,"As it stands, EVOL is nothing out of the ordinary from his past endeavors. With no measures in place preventing from Future releasing new full-length projects, this album could easily be surpassed in a month or two."
The Quietus,60,"EVOL doesnt stand up to his critical peaks, but this could easily be seen as but a release to tide fans over before the next blockbuster."
Uncut,50,"EVOL is the first time we begin to hear the ostensible rigidity in Future's formula revealing itself."
Clash Music,40,"Despite the bloodlettting and reckless spending, Future just sounds bored. And occasionally lazy. [Apr 2016, p.50]"

The Guardian,80,"The fact that Thug's voice can express plaintive, mournful sorrow is perhaps the most surprising aspect of this tape, even among all the astonishing vocal pirouettes and cries. [Apr 2016, p.64]"
Q Magazine,80,"Theyre all super accessible and as a whole consistently solid. No track stands out as being considerably worse than another. Alternatively, there arent a lot of highs, but that can easily be overlooked due to the strength of the holistic work."
PopMatters,80,"I'm Up represents Thug's most accessible and immediate work to date."
The Wire,76,"Im Up doesnt muster up the highs of the Slime Season seriesthe infectiousness of Best Friend, the sublime structuring of Draw Down, or the woozy euphoria of Raw--but Thug manages to compile many of his best attributes into a tightly-wound 38 minutes."
XXL,70,"Keith Troup, who was slain in 2015 and gets a moving tribute in the mixtape's highlight 'King TROUP.' The rest of the best comes from the empowering music that reflects the mixtape's title."
AllMusic,70,"Seasoned fans will be hard-pressed to dismiss Im Up as a release chock-full of throwaways, but its truly a testament to Young Thugs radical talents as a rapper for keeping an audience thoroughly engaged, even when the studio experiments arent always entirely convincing."
HipHopDX,70,"Although it is still to be determined if Thugger can step it up a couple of notches for an album that will be touted as an official release, Im Up doesnt offer up any reason to doubt him."
RapReviews.com,70,"Im Up is not a major work in Thugs catalog. Its brief and feels disconnected at the beginning and end, and for the most part doesnt exercise his considerable chorus-crafting muscles. But its a fascinating creative time capsule, and feels like a welcome detour during a hugely prolific four-year period."
Spin,67,"The chief complaint with Im Up is its narrowness. At just nine tracks and 38 minutes (a lot of which is handed over to guests), theres just not enough of Thug rapping for this to match up to last years releases."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Staying in the conversation by releasing a steady stream of new material can be good, but it works best when theres more cohesion and less filler."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"With the exception of Lil Durk's two verses, Thugga's extensive assortment of guests here falls flat, causing the second half of the tape to drag."

Rolling Stone,90,"On Majid Jordan, it's clear the Toronto pair have refined their sound, with subtle but meaningful touches that make for a stunning, cohesive work of art."
The A.V. Club,76,"There's noticeable growth from their EP and mixtape in both Majid's singing and Jordan's production."
Pitchfork,70,"Majid Jordans best quality is its intimate feel, sounding like each song is the extension of a conversation and is to be heard by a specific set of ears."
PopMatters,68,"Unfortunately, the duo's apparent ambitions to be something more hold it back from reaching serotonin-peaking heights (like Carly Rae Jepsen's EMOTION)."
Pretty Much Amazing,67,"Lyrically, Al Maskati spends Majid Jordan plainly expressing tense feelings of romantic unease, though his candor when singing about his heartache can result in cliches.... The directness of the lyrics can actually be effective when the rest of the arrangements complement their exactness, and Al Maskati and Ullman find that balance here more often than not."
Boston Globe,60,"The duo are most engaging when they keep at least one foot on the dancefloor. Elsewhere, their interest in after-hours vibes can rob their music of its forward motion."
Consequence of Sound,40,"The album revels in the clean, streamlined production elements and beautifully realized nocturnal atmosphere favoured by the OVO camp, but that sonic branding, if you will, swallows up any sort of personal flavour or perspective that might set Majid Jordan apart."

Clash Music,66,"On Khalifa, there isnt much that raises nor lowers Wizs stock and after a couple more play throughs the album comes across as fairly average."
The Guardian,60,"Khalifa likely wont sway opinion of Wiz Khalifa, whether positive or negative. For better or worse, its a portrait of the rapper weve seen for years. It does do things a little more consistently and adds a little more detail than what were used to seeing."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Khalifa, the album, is influenced by the 'See You Again' sound, and yet that mammoth single's inclusion would've helped round out a set of tracks that aren't nearly as direct in their lyrics or intent. These expansive cuts surely benefit the Wiz discography, and will do best when shuffled into his canon, but lump them together into one LP and take away the driving influence and Khalifa feels more like part of a continuum than a self-contained statement."
AllMusic,60,"On Khalifa, he's characteristically mellow and melodic, mixing rhymes that are part equal parts braggadocio and motivational slogans in an almost singular pursuit of highs and riches. By design, none of the songs stand out, save for the Travis Scott featuring 'Bake Sale,' which wins mostly by sounding like an aired-out version of Scott's own hit 'Antidote.'"
XXL,51,"It delves as far as it can without hitting government-name territory, and for that the true fans will embrace it. But how many times can you retell the same story?"
Spin,50,"Khalifa mostly circles the drain of clichs and love letters to his favorite activity: smoking weed. Its only when he lets himself get a little weird, and flexes underused strengths like his singing voice, that his music is as fun as he wants it to be."
HipHopDX,40,"Wiz has a decent feel for hooks and occasionally does some interesting things with melody. But its simply not enough to retain interest."

Pitchfork,80,"[Out My Feelings (In My Past)] is not the bright and exalted counterpoint you might expect--its still grim, but Boosie turns his focus outward."
Exclaim,80,"It doesn't matter that Out My Feelings (In My Past) runs 18 tracks long, as Boosie Badazz is on point the whole way through this dark yet empowering album."
NOW Magazine,80,"Boosies eighth studio album is ambitious in scale, and contains some of his best work to date. The message and content arent always constant, but the ebb and flow of the experience enable a strong diversity of sound, and Boosie adapts to the beats like a chameleon with different colors."
The A.V. Club,76,"Out My Feelings doesnt have the rawness of In My Feelings, but its production is impeccable where that one was spotty, and it soars when Boosie reminisces on his pre-rap days or makes statements in line with Black Lives Matter about the murders of unarmed black people by cops."

Pretty Much Amazing,90,"A conceptually intriguing and emotionally powerful masterpiece based around the antihero of the title. [Feb 2016, p.59]"
Rolling Stone,90,"It pulls from rock, punk, noise, industrial, hip-hop, and even African tribal music. Lyrically the album is among the first to take this kind of look at hacker culture as well as how the definition of the artist and art have changed in the digital age. Regardless of genre, this may well end up being one of the best and conceptually most important albums released this year."
Pitchfork,85,"MartyrLoserKing may not just be one of Saul Williams' best, but it could also find itself among the most important albums of this year."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"This smart, jagged, contemplative work makes you wonder if Williams could wring amazing stuff out of Bennington too."
HipHopDX,80,"Williams has offered much to admire, and even more to contemplate. [Mar 2016, p.119]"
The 405,80,"Williams remains the data-age Gil Scott-Heron plus a collaborator who elevates, as Reznor, and now Warfield, have both upped their game in the presence of such a radiant creative force."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Williams isnt here for you to simply digest his art and move on. He wants it to stick to you, to stay in your heart, mind and soul, the same way it does with him as the artist. And MartyrLoserKing accomplishes just that without question."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"The often elliptical lyrics are both penetrating and hypnotic--the sounds of words are as vital as their meaning."
Punknews.org (Staff),80,"It's heady stuff to dive into, and Williams isn't particularly concerned whether listeners sink or swim, so long as they get wet."
XXL,80,"Williams doesnt rely on heavy-handed sloganeering, and is more than capable of a light touch, administering impressionistic yet prescient lyrics that are indicative of his beginnings as a spoken word poet."
Spin,71,"MartyrLoserKing doesnt necessarily rise or fall on Williams ability to clarify his thoughts into a clear, memorable hook."
Slant Magazine,70,"A darkly impassioned mix of hip hop, art rock and electronics that connects to indigenous street music as well as to Gil Scott-Heron, The Ruts and TV On The Radio. [Feb 2016, p.84]"
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Its sci-fi, afro, poetry delivered with a snarl. This may not be for everyone, hell, it may only be for the brave, but if you take the ride youll be vastly rewarded."
Drowned In Sound,60,"The album works better as [a] vehicle for Williams' fiery, lucid spiels and inventive productions than straight-up narrative. [Jun 2016, p.97]"
DIY Magazine,60,"All the same, nothing hits with the same succinct and simple impact as early wins like List of Demands or Black Stacey."
The New York Times,60,"The more overtly rock moments give the album a bit too much of a 90s alternative feel, but thats got to be expected from someone who came out of the slam poetry scene and previously worked with Trent Reznor."
Uncut,60,"Williams songwriting approach, while accomplished and still urgent, occasionally loses some of its ferocity and connection to the theme by playing to his game a bit too much; relying on that trademark electro-rock production instead of mutating contemporary trap and noise feels like a slight misstep."

RapReviews.com,89,"Gates stands out amongst his peers through his ability to write fully realized songs, versus the normalized attempts to ride waves the production presents."
Exclaim,85,"On Islah, his hook-writing is sterling."
AllMusic,80,"Check the excellent singles 'Kno One,' 'Really Really,' and 'La Familia' for some easy persuasion, and then know that the album is devoid of superstar appearances because the captivating Gates doesn't need them."
Paste Magazine,80,"Islah is one of the more exciting major label rap debuts in recent years, and one positive to being a Gates fan is that youll most certainly never get tired with him."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"The album doesnt shy from its broad ambitions, offering a glossy club jam (Kno One) and an after-hours groove (One Thing), tracks that require Gates to ease back his flow and craft a knockout hook to carry the song, something he also does on the anthemic 2 Phones. But as a lyricist, Gates is closer to Ghostface Killah or Beanie Sigel."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"The most-balanced Kevin Gates project to date, discovering an equilibrium between his pummelers and his caressers we didnt previously know was possible."
Q Magazine,75,"Its a showcase of versatility that plays to its creators strengths enough to feel like a definitive statement, no matter how many other projects hes released before it."
The Skinny,70,"A cohesive, satisfying, fat-free full-length."
Mojo,70,"The 17 tracks and 63 minutes of Islah flow surprisingly well; even though theres room to cut the fat, it doesnt drag on the way many albums with that many songs do."
The Guardian,50,"Overall this album has some definite stand out tracks: 'Not the Only One,' '2 Phones,' 'La Familia' and 'Time For That.' The rest of the project is not bad, it's just generally underwhelming."

Consequence of Sound,85,"Twenty one years since his Mercury Prize nominated debut solo album Maxinquaye emerged, Tricky may have finally delivered one that can stand proudly equal alongside it."
Under The Radar,80,"Skilled Mechanics is an intelligent, pertinent piece of work that shows just how fresh the ideas of Thaws remain."
The Wire,80,"The whole thing comes off as an imaginary Tricky radio station where the DJ plays his own stuff and mixes himself into other artist's tracks, so if alternate views and unclassifiable collections are desired, Skilled Mechanics isn't a lark or a side project but a necessity."
The Quietus,70,"In your [Tricky's] other albums, the landscape would scuttle and drift, and youd blink in and out as you willed; here the room remains a room, and yet you remain... well, I still dont know what you are now. But thats for the good. I like you better when I cant define you."
PopMatters,60,"The most successful tracks are those where Tricky is front and centre. [Mar 2016, p.117]"
Chicago Tribune,60,"The seething mood is familiar but the cursory electro beats offer little of the grimy richness of primetime Tricky. [Mar 2016, p.81]"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"Despite these mis-hits, Skilled Mechanics seethes with low-level, lo-fi menace, its spare instrumentation creating an unsettling queasiness that will have been familiar to Trickys admirers since 1995s Maxinquaye."
Consequence of Sound,56,"Those few powerful moments [on Boy] are the exception rather than the norm. Their rawness is an essential element that could have lent Skilled Mechanics the sort of organic, internalized anxiety that once defined Tricky."
Clash Music,40,"While it isnt without its moments, that is not enough to forgive the sub-standard R&B and lumpy rock crossovers."

Tiny Mix Tapes,100,"There's effortless, unhurried groove as he slides from the disarming grit of Nineties hip-hop in 'Without You' to Sixties soul on 'The Bird' and honey-dripped R&B with 'Am I Wrong.'"
XXL,91,"Paaks got the musicianship down to a science. Now its clear hes working on what his music feels like."
Spin,91,"For its lyrical and musical scope, Malibu brings to mind a number of excellent albums, ranging from Stevie Wonders Innervisions to, yes, Kendrick Lamars To Pimp a Butterfly."
Pitchfork,90,"A rose from concrete, Malibu offers a sense of wonder that's carefully rooted in funk and soul, and presents a complete vision from a blossoming new artist that's not only fearless, but leading something of a sonic revolution."
The Line of Best Fit,86,"This is a sincere, soulful project, brimming with honesty and humble perseverance."
The 405,85,"The years first R&B masterpiece."
Billboard.com,83,"Malibu defies categorization, which is a testament to Paaks versatility and his willingness to take detours, not all of which work (the well-meaning but dopey celebration of boobs Silicon Valley is exhibit A). But even when his muse leads him astray, its easy to see why Dre got in on the Anderson .Paak business early and often."
RapReviews.com,80,"On Malibu, melody unifies and smooths over divisions: rap and R&B, black history and black modernity, spiritual uplift with the rough material of the everyman's everyday, all made cohesive by Paak's considerable songwriting talent. [Apr 2016, p.64]"
The Guardian,80,"On the rich and dazzling Malibu, Anderson.Paak has truly found his voice. [Apr 2016, p.116]"
The Independent (UK),80,"Compared to the impressive and occasionally brilliant Venice, this album's mix of high and hard times has deeper resonance."
HipHopDX,80,"Malibu more than lives up to the high expectations facing Anderson .Paak."
PopMatters,80,"Taken together, Malibu builds on the skills .Paak introduced on his first album, called 'Venice.'"
Pretty Much Amazing,80,"The reason for this broad interest is his ability to aptly infuse various musical styles under the R&B umbrella. Moreover, his ability to make uptempo soul without losing his ability to invoke a response more typical of downtempo sounds is particularly impressive."
The Wire,80,"Malibu--his second album under this moniker, following a stretch under the name Breezy Lovejoy--is multilayered. Its also incisive, languorous and deeply felt, a warm bath of studiously relaxed hip-hop and soul."
The Wire,80,"For as good as the melodies and ripe drums and bass beats are on the album, more impressive is the songwriting."
PopMatters,70,"The tonal palette is warm and lush, with a transporting quality thats twofold, sending the listener both to the artists western locale and back in time."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"The music isn't always as dynamic as his thoughts, opting for a mostly mellow mood that matches the LP's carefree samples of surfing documentaries, but doesn't always capture their freewheeling individuality."

Pitchfork,70,"The production throughout is a heavy slurry of deep bass and wavering, churchical keys, and songs that are not explicitly about his medical troubles are about the perennial problems of untrue friends and false lovers. [Mar 2016, p.42]"
AllMusic,70,"In My Feelings (Goin' Thru It) would be among the MC's best work, but Boosie continues to stun even with these instant, and somewhat sloppy, releases, so leave this for the fans, and then consider becoming a fan."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"A brief, somber meditation on his health problems and on the stresses of supporting dozens of friends and family members."
HipHopDX,69,"In My Feelings often feels as if its about to collapse under its own weight, which is doubly frustrating when you consider it clocks in at a slight 34 minutes."

Spin,91,"If Darkest Before Dawn really is a prelude to the record King Push to come, you have to wonder where Pusha T will choose to take his music next. Making it deeper, angrier, darker, and more foreboding doesnt seem possible."
Consequence of Sound,90,"Pusha delves into risky artistic terrain and imparts flashes of lyrical genius only a few have the pedigree to pull off. The Prelude has once again positioned Pusha as an emcee with the ability to put forth a legendary piece of work."
XXL,90,"Timbaland, Kanye and Diddy are among the big names on the boards here, battling it out with lesser known producers, all gleefully playing to Pusha's style.... If Pusha T can keep this up throughout King Push proper, the forthcoming main event, he'll have the hip hop album of next year too."
Exclaim,85,"King Push's Darkest Before Dawn: The Prelude is a damn good record, but it is not flawless."
Exclaim,85,"While MNIMN's faults lie in its sequencing and filler, Darkest Before Dawn is concentrated and trimmed. And Pusha T, strengthened."
HipHopDX,83,"His development extends beyond just his writing. Pusha picks a wide-ranging group of thumping beats from noted rap greats like Kanye West, Q-Tip, Metro Boomin, Sean Diddy Combs, and most effectively, Timbaland."
Billboard.com,82,"The beats sound like money, and the raps are whip smart and cleanly tailored."
Pitchfork,80,"It's an unlikely triumph of personality, a glacially slow decay of his icy facade revealing an earnest dedication to his craft, in its own way every bit as spiritual as his brother's more orthodox practice. [Feb 2016, p.56]"
Consequence of Sound,80,"It's a collision of classic rap skills and singular beats that makes this album outstanding and far more substantial than its 'prelude' billing implies. [Mar 2016, p.110]"
Rolling Stone,80,"The Prelude finds Ts distinctive flow and trademark yeuch of disgust allied to uncommercial but excellent beats."
NOW Magazine,80,"Most of its 10 songs last just two or three minutes. It's too good to be a mixtape and too short to be an album, raising the stakes even higher for the album proper."
HipHopDX,80,"Pusha T takes a tour through the violence of the past 18 months, from Freddie Grays death in Baltimore to the shocking phone videos that document death in damning detail but rarely lead to convictions. With Darkest Before Dawn, Pusha T has created his own hip-hop Trojan horse."
XXL,80,"Each track feels like a different corner of Pusha Ts mind, all coming together to form a complete brain, glimmering with glitz and glamour on the surface and exploring darkness and deep thought below. If this is The Prelude, imagine what Pusha T can do with the rest."
AllMusic,80,"The album just doesn't flow as well as his monolithic 2013 effort My Name Is My Name, but as a mere 'prelude' to the next LP, it's miles above 'throwaway' and comes with the quality control that would put it in the top tiers of both the mixtape and street release formats."
Billboard.com,80,"A remarkable return to form by one of raps finest wordsmiths, its Pushas most focused and cohesive solo effort to date, and one of hip-hops strongest long-players of 2015."
Pitchfork,80,"The weight of Darkest Before Dawn doesn't simply rest on Pusha T's lyrical weight (literal and figuratively), but also his ability to tap into the strengths of his producers, like Boi-1da's thunderous drums, Kanye West's soulful grandeur or Timbaland's unorthodox layering."
Rolling Stone,80,"Belying its also-ran billing, Darkest Before Dawn... is a minor masterpiece of dark, smart, modern hip-hop."
Spin,80,"On DBD, he delivers music that cant be clumped with contemporary hip-hop."
Spin,80,"Every note fits. Every key has a keyhole. And King Push proper would be hard-pressed to beat this small wonder of great cameos (the always-undervalued Jill Scott, sampled Biggie), productions (in a first, Timbaland manning the boards on the eerie Untouchable), and block quotes (Im the L. Ron Hubbard of the cupboard) here."
AllMusic,78,"The most interesting moments of the album are when Pusha feels his way around the darkness instead of embracing it so willingly."
HipHopDX,75,"It isnt overly ambitious, but after more than two years without an official release it is still a treat to hear Pusha T, even if he stays largely in his cocaine comfort zone."
Pitchfork,70,"Though hip-hop gets more melodic and vocally expressive every year, Pusha keeps his cadences steely and his bars hitting like haymakers, maintaining that ice-cold Nineties feel even when hes taking on modern troubles."

The Wire,80,"Speedin' is an uncomfortably internal album that's a pleasurable listen. It's not as gleefully nihilistic as Future, but comes across just as revelatory."
Punknews.org (Staff),50,"Speedin Bullet 2 Heaven is ultimately messy, challenging, and rough around the edges (perhaps more so than anything Scott has ever released), but theres also something about it thats admirably unique."
The Line of Best Fit,40,"Speedin Bullet 2 Heaven is interesting the same way a friend getting a dramatic bad haircut is interesting: Once the shock wears off, you still have to look them in the eye and level with them."
Spin,40,"On a sonic level, much of this album is strong but the identity and continuity are lackluster."
Q Magazine,33,"As it stands, this album feels like a few good ideas mired in a mess of half-formed sketches, rough recordings, and simple cliches."

AllMusic,82,"Hip hop needs a strong female voice todayone that matches the pop magnetism of Beyonc, but with the political and social awareness of Killer Mike. With Big GRRRL Small World, Lizzo seems primed and ready to fill that spot."
HipHopDX,80,"She sells her message with having mad skills and swagger to spare."
Boston Globe,80,"This is an album that sounds ready to take on the world."
Exclaim,80,"Big Grrrl Small World is an intentionally intense listen  Lizzos physical presence (a black woman,statuesque and big as hell) is placed meticulously front and centre."
musicOMH.com,80,"Persuasive R&B with strident lyrics and sharp sonics. [Jan 2016, p.98]"
Pitchfork,80,"Big GRRRL Small World is a decidedly broader and more mature offering than 'Lizzobangers', and, in terms of Lizzo's long-term appeal, that can only be a good thing."
Uncut,75,"It's all delivered with sheer glee, and some of it is among the most wicked fun committed to record in 2015."
Clash Music,70,"The record as a whole is an energetic, infectious romp through trap, Auto-Tune, West Coast soul and warm balladry. [Feb 2016, p.78]"
Mojo,70,"Big GRRRL Small World sounds like the work of someone too tireless to limit herself to genre lines or defined boxes, and its hard work resisting raps numerous pigeonholes."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Her Big Grrrl Small World is not yet at the level of Hills peerless Miseducation, but theres a greater musicality afoot this time and a more generous emotional palette; less rage, more nuance."

NOW Magazine,80,"This rough, honest, and ambitious work is like his Raging Bull, taking the listener on a compelling, dirty journey that's also a connectable character study."
The Skinny,80,"It doesnt hit as hard as some previous albums, but it surely proves just how good Rick Ross can be as a songwriter and collaborator. It also proves how sharp he has become as a rapper."
Austin Chronicle,70,"He's at his most effective when he dials back the Rick Ross character, so the albums standouts feature him laying bawse insight over slow-burners."
Pitchfork,70,"Rick Ross is an entertainer and Black Market is for the most part an entertaining album."
AllMusic,60,"There's a great Rick Ross album in here somewhere. If only the boss had abstained from some of his extravagant habits and used his editing sheers more cuttingly."
Tiny Mix Tapes,50,"Ross' eighth album, though, raises doubts about how he'll fare in the era of the confessional, emotionally bare rap superstar. The man who once boasted 10-car garages and uncollected favors from dictators is now trafficking in the same honesty that made Future a critical smash and J. Cole a commercial one."
Boston Globe,50,"Its populated with misguided love songs (Sorry, Cant Say No) and paranoid musings (Crocodile Python) that on previous Ross albums wouldve instead been replaced by devoted brag fests."
Spin,40,"His once winning formula now sounds wanly formulaic. [Feb 2016, p.112]"
Consequence of Sound,40,"Musically, the album mines its entire aesthetic from a bargain bin of classicist hip-hop clichs."

Rolling Stone,80,"There aren't many surprises here for fans, save for the fact that he manages to spin the same nocturnal stories of drugs, partying, and fornicating over 17 addictive tracks without it ever growing stale."
HipHopDX,70,"When It's Dark Out marks a vast leap forward: His cadences are more agile, his boasts more boastful, his guest list tighter (Too Short, E-40, Kehlani)."
RapReviews.com,67,"G-Eazy is at his best when he steps out of the shadows and raps assuredly, and there are signs of that on When It's Dark Out."
The Line of Best Fit,60,"A second album that couldve hit a home run if it hadnt worked so hard to cover all the bases."

No Ripcord,80,"His most cohesive effort yet."
AllMusic,80,"Check the great 'Extradite' ('Man, I stay on point like icicles') for instant gratification or 'Basketball Wives' for an abstract take on the Miguel-flavored bedroom number, then appreciate how this album goes 17 tracks deep and never runs out of inspiration or ideas."
Drowned In Sound,80,"When he ends the album with Cold Ass Nigga, the most demonstrably aggressive verse on the album, you realize Shadow of a Doubt isnt Gibbs flipping to go pop, but a man secure enough in the foundation he has laid to take a leap of faith."
Q Magazine,80,"Every song here features cascades of syllables, careful integration of repetition, and narrative momentum."
Uncut,80,"While some may miss the soul and jazz chops of last year's collaborative Piata, it's safe to say his solo risks have largely paid off."
The Guardian,80,"The resulting album is a total knockout."
Resident Advisor,80,"Shadow of a Doubt is a wholly modern affair, featuring beats from Blair Norf and Jay Zs go-to guy, Mike Dean, and on which Gibbss dextrous delivery is encased in minor-chord synths."
Record Collector,78,"While the final result is less cohesive, and could benefit from trimming two or three songs, theres no denying Gibbs versatility."
Austin Chronicle,75,"Suffice to say, this new albums darker, tougher production fits him like a snug pair of fingerprint-concealing gloves."
Pretty Much Amazing,70,"There are a few moments in the middle of the record where more basic beats and themeslike Lately and Basketball Wivesdeliver good when there could be great. But overall Gibbs has another great set on his hands, and he holds his own with some great guests, including solid turns by E-40 and Black Thought."
Consequence of Sound,70,"At the end of the day, Gibbs is too talented of a rapper to put out a lackluster album, so while Shadow of a Doubt might not go down as one of his classics, it features more than enough quotables and street-smart truisms to be worth a few spins."
Exclaim,60,"Although Gibbs's lyrics rarely veer beyond their survivalist comfort zones, his innate ability to switch up styles allows him to scale the gaping chasm between Forever And A Day's moody confessions and the unreconstructed boasts of Cold Ass Nigga with ease. [Feb 2016, p.94]"

Pitchfork,80,"After the first initial play through, this album definitely translates as Jadakiss most celebratory to date. The beats are more grandiose, less gutter horror story and more hustlers celebration. The whole theme plays out like his very own victory lap."
The 405,80,"A top-notch Lil Wayne appearance plus an unofficial Lox reunion with Styles P and Sheek Louch guesting on the LP help put this one through the uprights, giving veteran Jada one of his best and most ambitious showcases to date."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Older heads will appreciate the nods to earlier records but simultaneously be underwhelmed at the new takes on them. New listeners will enjoy the solo tracks that showcase Jada's lyricism and unique, nasal flow, but there just aren't enough of them."
The Wire,70,"T5DOA is a fine body of work, but falls short of the 'classic album' tag that has eluded Kiss throughout his career. [Dec/Jan 2016, p.89]"
Q Magazine,55,"Despite its street-level money, power and respect rhymes, almost all of it feels divorced from reality, free of any kind of narrative grounding or personal disclosure."

AllMusic,80,"The standard dips slightly in the later stages, but the grooves throughout are sleek and snappy, and CeeLo himself has rarely sounded better."
RapReviews.com,70,"Heart may be a measured apology, but Green still has a defiant streak."
Los Angeles Times,70,"The breezy Isley Brothers/Free Design hybrid 'Race Against Time,' the perseverance anthem 'Music to My Soul,' and the disco-soul/soft rock compound 'Better Late Than Never' are all decked out, and are among Green's craftiest work."
PopMatters,60,"He still has a lot of talent, he just needs to reign in his creative impulses (along with a few others) to make a better album next time."
The New York Times,60,"This new album is as quixotic and wilfully idiosyncratic as his previous oeuvre. [Jan 2016, p.88]"
HipHopDX,60,"At 15 tracks, Heart Blanche is not much longer than 2010s The Lady Killer and noticeably shorter than his first two albums, which both had no less than 18 tracks. However, sequencing is the heart of any album and Heart Blanche palpitates from its redundancy."
Spin,60,"From someone whose appeal relies so heavily on his openness and honesty, the album feels out of balance: like there's a hole where its heart should be."
Rolling Stone,60,"Green is too talented to not make a decent-sounding album, but Heart Blanche, while delivering Green's usually masterful take on gospel-influenced and pop-minded R&B, feels listless and lacks passion."
The Wire,50,"His voice remains an effortless marvel, largely wasted on this slick but trite material. [Feb 2016, p.75]"
AllMusic,50,"Three bad songs on an album of 15 tracks shouldnt sink the entire album. And it doesnt sink Heart Blanche. Not quite. But it happens that those three tracks are probably the albums biggest and boldest in one form or another."
Spin,50,"Its no surprise that the romantic tunes are shunted to the second half of the record. As they go, they go well."
Pitchfork,40,"In an era where disco has found a second life all over the pop charts, Green's throwback barely makes a thud."
The A.V. Club,40,"While Heart Blanche occasionally reminds us of Greens quirky songwriting nous, it ends up a confusing jumble of styles and mixed messages."
HipHopDX,30,"Bloated, brainless, and completely lacking in self-awareness, it's a groaning monstrosity of an album, one that can't even put its overwhelming excess to any suitable use."

The Quietus,91,"Free TC could use some editing, but Ty has enough charm to carry bedroom jams, Cadillac bangers, and folk-funk experiments all at once."
RapReviews.com,80,"So, all in all, Ty delivers a light, layered debut, with more depth than we thought could be drawn out of the trap&B sound he helped usher into the mainstream."
The 405,80,"Numerous proven mixtapes help set Ty up for an easier introduction than most, but Free TC tops all expectations, as the man conquers the club, the bedroom, and the brain with this end-to-end stunner."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Free TC--often exceptional, and easily one of the best R&B albums of this year--is elaborate in conception and execution but still feels off the cuff."
Pitchfork,77,"His confidence is why he flies when he swings for the fences on his new album, Free TC."
The Wire,75,"The recorded calls between Ty and his brother that crop up repeatedly develop their characters while the story, for T.C. at least, remains stagnant. Free T.C. places an emphasis on the intimate, human relationship between these two men."
Q Magazine,75,"With this album, Ty has proven that hes not just another hook and single singer. Hes actually capable of creating a project that keeps listeners engaged for 16 tracks."
The Observer (UK),75,"For all of Free TCs turn-up nut-grabbing, its the beating heart that ends up stealing the show."
NOW Magazine,70,"Free TC, dedicated to Dolla $ign's currently incarcerated brother, marries a diverse range of earworm-level hooks and genre-bridging rhythms to uncomfortably base themes."
The Guardian,70,"Though a bit of a slog at points, what could have easily been a 16-track collection of Griffin's ambition becoming his downfall, is a worthwhile look at the multifaceted nature of his musical brain. It's worth sticking around for."
DIY Magazine,70,"The album is a dense, cinematic, always surprising and often moving album that sounds like it required the full three years that the L.A. crooner and producer spent chipping away at it to get right."
AllMusic,70,"This is not the moment where he will become a superstar, but its a promising beginning to what should be a very long career."
Clash Music,70,"Ty Dolla $ign's most diverse and eminent offering to date."
Exclaim,60,"Free TC moves way less outside contribution than expected. [Dec/Jan 2016, p.90]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Despite looking to set the world on fire with Free TC, his debut, Dolla $ign spreads himself too thin and mostly stumbles over his own lofty ambitions."
Billboard.com,60,"[The] cameo-packed tracks fail to live up to the billing, often feeling too long and lacking the punch of Dolla $igns previous output."

Spin,85,"Riot Boi is an immensely listenable, often thrilling record, and on the first few spins you're more likely to be seduced by the beats, before digging into the lyrical content."
Paste Magazine,80,"Combined with schizophrenic production (Evian Christ, Boody, Balam Acab, Lunice) that leaps from horny trap to frantic electroclash, Riot Boi overwhelms with twists, turns, and surprises, all of which are exhilarating."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"Riot Boi is a trailblazing record very much in the now. It's bombastic, and transgressive."
Rolling Stone,75,"When given adequate space, Le1f once again succeeds just being the best and most honest version of himself."
Billboard.com,75,"Riot Boi delivers what its title promises--a transgression of pop cultural limitations--most clearly in the final three tracks, socially-conscious slow jams with far more overt political messages than Le1f's usual banger-obscured radicalism."
Complex,70,"'Do you think we could save the world?' This album--at turns discomforting, optimistic and altogether necessary-- makes you think the answer might be yes."
Pitchfork,60,"Somewhere between the cuteness of Shamir and the scariness of Mykki Blanco you will find New Yorks Le1f, a ballet dancer-turned-producer-turned rapper. Although his out-ness is a big part of the appeal of this warped and edgy party album, the nod to riot grrrl in its title hints at far wider-ranging agendas within."

HipHopDX,80,"Save a few moments of 'over-rapping,' his pen is sharp and succinct, void of dull or filler moments. [Dec/Jan 2016, p.90]"
Consequence of Sound,80,"There's enough variation in energy and production to keep the listener engaged throughout, and several times there are sudden drops into another beat entirely in the middle of a song."
Paste Magazine,80,"This is the album where it all changed, as the one they call Young Sinatra comes into his own and proves his nearly perfect debut was no isolated fluke."
RapReviews.com,70,"The Incredible True Story is both the overt and organic progression of an accomplished emcee maneuvering in his comfort zone past potential pitfalls."
The Guardian,70,"With the creative confidence to go with his considerable skills and heart, Logic crafts some polished and appealing material.... Overall, a step up for the sophomore."
DIY Magazine,70,"The Incredible True Story is Logic's best work yet, but there's still work to be done bridging the gulf between his ambition and his ability."
Mojo,61,"The Incredible True Story is a pleasant voyage to Paradise orchestrated by an artist whos earned the approval of legends from Rick Rubin to Big Daddy Kane. Logic has the tools to create music that has longevity, but has yet to unlock the characteristics that truly set him apart."

New Musical Express (NME),80,"With only a few guest shots, plus a long track list, newcomers might find this big LP a tough go. Regardless, the ambitious Church in These Streets stands with the man's great Thug Motivation 101 while beating that album on artistic merit and meaningful lyrics."
Pitchfork,70,"Whether the transition marks his last shot at regaining his once dominating presence in the crowded trap-saturated landscape or just Jeezy shifting his purpose and place into a more mature direction, Church in The Streets is a respectable shot at both."
Uncut,60,"The best Jeezy music often exploited how far he could go with memorable ad libs and punchlines, a triumphant kind of simplicity. Here that gets muted to muddied results."
Spin,60,"A heavy knock on Church in These Streets lies in its length; at 19 tracks, a few of the hustle-hard anthems, i.e. the lackluster Hustlaz Holiday would have better been served for the cutting room floor. And while most of Jeezys signature trap sound is enjoyable, the alarm sounds of God, are a jolting earsore. Fortunately, moments like this are the exception."
The Observer (UK),60,"Despite coming in at 19 tracks, the album lacks a searing song like Politically Correct, which Jeezy released free during his involvement in the recent Million Man March. He's come a long way, but we may have to wait until the next term to see his full political potential."

AllMusic,90,"In the end, And After That We Didnt Talk is as impressive of a rap debut as there has been in 2015. Once GoldLinks reputation catches up with the quality of his music we may just have a new superstar on our hands."
HipHopDX,80,"Even with quick, dense and precisely rhythmic flows, his rapping is like verbal dancing. Its joyous and romantic moments make the album feel more like a thematic refinement than a musical one."
Pitchfork,73,"His music works when every element blends together, and And After That, We Didn't Talk is most interesting when he shares only the most vital details from a moment. It's then that he can wring his experiences for their emotions and convey feelings with more than just words."
RapReviews.com,70,"GoldLink's debut album has something for every mood. Usually it takes an artist two or three albums before they reach maturity, however, with And After That, We Didn't Talk, GoldLink is well ahead of schedule."
Clash Music,70,"There are a few strong sonic ties to God Complex, specifically the works of producer Louie Lastic, but this album has greater balance. The full spectrum of sound explored is even richer this time around."
Rolling Stone,50,"When his conscious aligns with his songwriting We Didnt Talk excels. He needs only seek himself and lead by example rather than trip over cliches."

PopMatters,70,"Even when doing something as low-stakes as this mixtape, he's still a consummate professional. The beats are funkier and harder than the low-bitrate laptop-speaker rap clogging download sites, and the guest appearances feel collaborative as opposed to being phoned-in cameos."
Q Magazine,70,"This is the fairytale of Puff Daddy the hitmaker turned businessman and culture tastemaker, and he's writing the epilogue to his happily ever after. So far, so good."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"MMM is by no means is it Diddys best work but, it does deliver some quality music with a little something for everyone. Whether you are looking for tight rhymes, big production, exciting collaborations or even just some of that signature Diddy ad-libing, MMM is definitely worth a play or two."
AllMusic,66,"What follows is 13 tracks of sometimes great, sometimes anonymous music."
Billboard.com,60,"It's not Puff's best collection by any stretch of the imagination, but it definitely has some gems. [Dec/Jan 2016, p.90]"

Pitchfork,80,"Although Slime Season 2 bears a resemblance to its slimy predecessor, in that both have a jumbled track sequence and silly cover art, it does hold the notable distinction of possessing some much-needed confidence."
The Observer (UK),80,"Halloweens Slime Season 2 serves as a companion piece thats smoother, more skeletal, and, by most measures, superior."
Record Collector,79,"Where SS1 felt rambling and uneven, there is a clear sense of purpose to SS2, applying the cohesion of Barter 6 to SS1s pop promise."
AllMusic,75,"If you want true avant-garde hip-hop, youre better off looking elsewhere. If its a melodic, cohesively produced collection of rap songs youre after, you could do a lot worse."

HipHopDX,90,"He has made five albums, at least three of which are very fine indeed. But concern was growing that he might have peaked creatively. Bleeds refutes that notion emphatically, within a minute of the start."
Boston Globe,90,"Bleeds is a concise and heavily focused record that can proudly sit in and amongst his best."
Exclaim,80,"Smith never went away exactly, but Bleeds feels like as storming comeback."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"There's an enigmatic quality to his rapid-fire narratives, which bounce between composed and freestyle. And yet Bleeds is also clearly one of his most dynamic, intimate and humble artistic efforts, revealing more with every listen."
The Guardian,80,"Theres the same penchant for itchy, unusual beats from the likes of 4Tet and Fred; the same provocative, philosophical flow; and the same undertow of paranoid wariness."
Pitchfork,80,"Bleeds bends and twists genres into more combinations than are possible on a Rubix cube; splicing hip-hop, techno and even classical in ways that make it one of the most original and emotionally charged British albums of the year."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Sixth album Bleeds is often weighty, but sounds consistently alive, and inimitably Roots Manuva."
PopMatters,80,"His rhymes are so layered and rapid that they are all but indecipherable, giving them endless rewind value. These features make Bleeds a dense, dark, demanding listen. But patient, socially conscious audiences will not only find it compelling, but galvanizing too."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"Like 2008's Slime & Reason, Bleeds can come on a bit like an episode of 'Grumpy Old MCs.' But there's always room for salvation in Smith's world. [Dec 2015, p.92]"
Mojo,80,"Although the second half of the album doesn't quite match up to the front, there's no sense it's dragging, either. [Dec 2015, p.88]"
HipHopDX,80,"Funny, provocative and concise at 10 tracks, Bleed is the sound of a powerful and unique voice back on peak form. [Dec 2015, p.105]"
AllMusic,80,"Bleeds isnt a flawless album, but it is diverse and imaginative."
RapReviews.com,80,"With production help from Four Tet and Adrian Sherwood, he raps tenaciously over dark beats."
The Source,70,"Working primarily as a storyteller, Bleeds finds Manuva exploring a cultural landscape dominated by violence, tragedy and hard bastards across ten paranoid masterpieces."
Pitchfork,70,"As disappointing as Bleeds is at points, it is still a Roots Manuva album. The man can weave an intricate rhyme like few others, and his message of searching for righteousness and forgiveness is one that resonates."
The Independent (UK),60,"The best songs paint him as guardian of the apocalypse, pairing his world-weary soulfulness with murky, mutant beats. Hopefully for the next album hell hang up his top hat and focus on those instincts instead."
Billboard.com,60,"Bleeds opens with a tirade against the free market labels pretty much everybody as bastards. That bitterness resurfaces elsewhere on the album but the urgency, so bracingly misanthropic on Hard Bastards, starts flagging halfway through."

AllMusic,80,"The second side is where Bad Neighbor really shines."
RapReviews.com,80,"If you consider the particular goals each artist sets out to accomplish--Madlib with sonic compositions that will have everyone scratching their heads on their origins, Blu with the West Coast lean in his muffled step, and MED with his boom bap flow--they did an impressive job without stepping on anyone's toes, having lines and beats worth remembering, and bringing a few friends and family along for the ride."
Mojo,80,"There's so much good chemistry and a sense of purpose on Bad Neighbor that it's easy to see why this crew reunited, and while this is a loose posse effort and not the artistically weighty material fans usually get from the members individually, both MED and Blu's discographies get one their tightest releases to date."
HipHopDX,75,"The record is a posse cut without pretense and the showpiece of a stylistic partnership that feels long overdue."
New Musical Express (NME),72,"Bad Neighbor whizzes by in a blunted haze, which might be an insult to another project, but it works well here, when the stakes are low and the mood is most important."

Exclaim,80,"These 41 short, snappy but entirely involving instrumentals generously reaffirm Dilla's inimitable way around chopped-up vocal samples, waspish, distempered synth lines and spacey unquantised drums. [Jan 2016, p.104]"
Uncut,80,"While the collection doesn't come with the purposeful feel of Donuts, it flows extremely well for a beat tape, and one released nine years after the artist passed."
PopMatters,80,"You find yourself wishing for even one bonus track reuniting some of J Dilla's alumni artists over an unreleased beat."
Spin,70,"Dillatronic is definitely a release that appeals more to hardcore fans but its still worth hearing."
Rolling Stone,70,"This might be a data dump of studio experiments, not a cohesive Donuts-like experience that casual listeners might crave. But admirers of this brilliantly inventive musician will find much to rhyme over, get inspired by, or simply bounce to on Dillatronic."
The Guardian,60,"It's a tribute to Dilla's imagination that every track here has at least a spark of some interest, but ultimately Dillatronic is, like so many exhaustive archival box sets, a dry reminder that brilliance is usually the result of a drafting process. [Dec 2015, p.66]"
Slant Magazine,60,"Dillatronic highlights the producers grand vision, but in the end, were left with pieces of what couldve been."

Entertainment Weekly,80,"While none of these 19 tracks  reach four minutes, the music has an epic, quasi-devotional quality. [Jan 2016, p.94]"
HipHopDX,80,"The release date really doesn't matter: this is an absolute stunner of an album from start to finish."
AllMusic,70,"Fascinating and vibrant, Texture Like Sun finds Deenmamode less concerned with his own life and times, focusing instead on the world around him."
The New York Times,60,"If Deenmamode tempers his idiosyncrasies just a little, allowing his music to breathe better, the results can be even more profound."

Pitchfork,70,"Most of this album is an extension of DJ Khaleds tenets of more and louder and still more. That extends to his guest list, as packed as ever."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"Think of it as the Khaled collection with the most R&B (thanks to Brown), the most Future, or maybe the most Khaled as the DJ not only does his usual talking over tracks, but features his Finga Licking fried chicken restaurant right on the album cover."
Pretty Much Amazing,60,"While its no We Global or even a We the Best Forever, its not without its own outrageous merits."
Consequence of Sound,40,"Theres no number of stars that can save this album from aiming high, falling short, and still somehow being quite entertaining at moments along the way."

Rolling Stone,100,"Hamiltons stage production should be required viewing for every American citizen, but this exhilarating listen is a much more practical, and every bit as enjoyable, stand-in."
Exclaim,90,"Tickets to the show may be sold out until approximately forever, but this album is an excellent replacement."
Spin,80,"This recording seems a vital one, and time will tell if the musical is a watershed in big-budget musical theater."
Fact Magazine (UK),69,"Its 46 songs of verbose, intricately delivered raps, spun from a story with enough character to have already made it a New York Times best-seller. Theres a lot of ground to cover regardless of medium."

The 405,90,"The Documentary 2 & 2.5 prove that he is back, and yes, better than ever. This isn't based on a cursory listen: the evidence is all there. His lyrics are more considered; his flow is varied and on point pretty much throughout; the choice in music is superb; there are concepts that deserve your attention."
The Source,90,"You can question its originality, but the music hits hard."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"'The Ghetto' with Nas and will.i.am does not disappoint, leaving the album's numbering system the only thing to complain about, as 2015 is the Game's second-best year ever, and there's nothing '.5' about it."
The Guardian,80,"With so many artists trying and failing to capitalize on reprisals of their finest work and have the breadth of work necessary for a strong double album, this particular release and its quality deserves attention."
The 405,80,"Sequels rarely outdo the original, and despite The Game naming Kendrick Lamar his successor years ago, The Documentary 2 and 2.5 prove he's far from over."
AllMusic,60,"He also works hard to bring variety within the gargantuan two-and-a-half-hour running time with an all-star guest list. [Jan 2016, p.89]"

Clash Music,90,"His lyrics are more considered; his flow is varied and on point pretty much throughout; the choice in music is superb; there are concepts that deserve your attention. The Game has delivered one of the greatest hip hop double albums in history."
Consequence of Sound,90,"The Documentary 2, succeeds by reminding you what made the original so memorable."
Pitchfork,80,"Great news is The Documentary 2 sounds effortless and winds up awesome because of it."
Rolling Stone,80,"Sequels rarely outdo the original, and despite The Game naming Kendrick Lamar his successor years ago, The Documentary 2 and 2.5 prove he's far from over."
The Observer (UK),80,"This is him at his creative peak. Bloated though it may be, these discs are The Game that was promised by a desperate industry in 2005."
The Source,80,"The Documentary 2 is The Games strongest most focused work since his debut album 10 years ago."
RapReviews.com,80,"Games first installment The Documentary 2 is a fine achievement in making the familiar sound fresh. It will be exciting to see what he has in store for the second go-round."
AllMusic,75,"This album is grand. Though it clocks in at 73 minutes, it unfolds with few speed bumps."
HipHopDX,72,"The Documentary 2 solidifies him a grade-grubbing student of hip-hop, one with far more resources and drive than natural talent, but a student all the same."
Boston Globe,70,"The Game is literally inseparable from his influences. He doesnt digest them as other rappers might; instead, he wears them like brands. He too is joined by oodles of guests, a striking show of support for a midcareer rapper whos pugnacious to boot. Both Kanye West and Drake appear here, and in strong form."
Exclaim,60,"This sprawling album [is] his most solid release since the original Documentary. It's nothing more or less than the complex story of a lifelong hip-hop fan who's happiest when he can see himself as part of the history he embraces so vocally."
Pitchfork,50,"Rarely does The Documentary 2 feel, or sound, important enough to warrant a double album, especially not one that spans three hours. The Documentary 2 perhaps works best when Game suffuses tracks with growing pains."
AllMusic,30,"Some songs feel unfinished, especially on disc one. Much of the production on both halves is terribly derivative and some great samples get mangled."

The 405,80,"There is enough modern romance and melodic sense (and quirkiness, such as the mumbled hook of Time) to make a decent album-within-an-album, and to mark Fetty Wap as a winning new talent in hip-hop."
Pitchfork,76,"As a whole, Fetty Wap adopts the same self-assured stance: Fetty's formula definitely ain't broke, and he doesn't seem in a hurry to fix it."
HipHopDX,70,"'Trap Queen,' 'My Way,' 'Again,' and '679' are all great songs: impassioned, radically romantic, and congenial sans the PG-13 restraint of, say, Jidenna's 'Classic Man.'.... The present ubiquity of Fetty's singles renders Fetty's album largely redundant."
NOW Magazine,70,"[A] rare, pleasingly unfiltered debut that captures an exciting upcoming artist with little refinement."
The Line of Best Fit,70,"He shows the consistency to scatter those songs throughout Fetty Waps 17 tracks and to mostly stick to the limited formula that made them hit as hard as they did on the rest of the record."
NOW Magazine,67,"Its been a fascinating journey for both him and his audience, especially when taken in moderation."
Pitchfork,60,"The whole of the self-titled Fetty Wap album is remarkably inoffensive and uninspired."
The 405,60,"Fettys attempt at putting together a full, formal project takes away from the overall prestige of his hits that have been so cherished over the past 12 months. This isnt to say that the next album will wont be able to more effectively balance hits and album cuts. But this one feels like the first attempt that it is."
Spin,60,"With a set list running up to 20 songs, it borders on Fetty overkill, but there are plenty of fine moments you haven't heard yet."
HipHopDX,55,"For the year's most contagious artist, Fetty Wap's debut formula reads as follows: 20 songs x 4 billboard singles - 90% filler  1 melody = 1738. And somehow, that doesn't add up."
Rolling Stone,50,"The problem is that the album is creatively too safe even when taking on large gambles."

Complex,75,"Throughout Big Grams, Big Boi, Carter, and Barthel demonstrate their ability and willingness to take risks, even if some dont work as well as others."
HipHopDX,70,"Occasionally the songs jump and jitter without really settling into a groove, as in the uncertain 'Put It on Her.' But when the dynamic production of Skrillex closes out the project with the irresistible 'Drum Machine,' after a great appearance by Run the Jewels on the previous track, it's hard not to crave a full album from Big Grams."
Pitchfork,65,"It isn't a flawless EP, but it works more often than it doesn't and is proof that there isn't that much difference between genres as we sometimes pretend there is."
The Source,64,"On Big Grams they hit a bit more of a stride."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Theres no creative expansion, just two acts trying to exist in their own worlds simultaneously instead of finding a new and interesting middle ground. Mixing classic Big Boi verses over old Phantogram songs wouldve probably been just as effective."
Spin,60,"There are less cohesive moments--the Skrillex-driven closer Drum Machine doesnt come off at all--but the best bits are as much of a joy to listen to as they sound as if they were to make."
Pitchfork,60,"This EP dazzles and then disappears before the sun comes up, leaving listeners with the exhilarating feeling of 'wow,' and the less-pleasing feeling of 'what happened?'"
Consequence of Sound,40,"Even guest turns from Run the Jewels and Skrillex can't add enough energy to make Big Grams feel like anything more than an attempt at landing a better festival slot."

musicOMH.com,80,"Meow the Jewels deliver emotional depth befitting natures most psychologically elusive creature."
The Line of Best Fit,75,"It's oxymoronic. It's uncalled for and essential. It's ridiculous and severe. It's useless and powerful. It's everything Run The Jewels stands for."
Resident Advisor,70,"Whereas the original Run the Jewels 2 was a perfect soundtrack for a night of mayhem, Meow the Jewels is the comedown after all that rabble-rousing."
NOW Magazine,70,"Most of the internets ideas end up in a wet mess on the kitchen floor, but this one, this one sticks."
The Independent (UK),70,"While some tracks unwisely try to replicate the source material's dystopian energy, the best moments come when remixers go blissfully off-script."
DIY Magazine,65,"The amount of enjoyment you take out of this is undoubtedly directly proportional to the amount of money you put into Meow the Jewels."

New Musical Express (NME),75,"The Evermore journey is an engaging one, but it would have slid into a new age torpor if not for the spate of ugliness near the albums end."
Exclaim,70,"c rhymes. Best experienced end to end, Evermore: The Art of Duality is a dense journey worth taking, but one decidedly filled with more questions and ideas than answers."
Uncut,70,"Evermore: The Art Of Duality is an album that might overstay its welcome once its finished, but it is a project that takes an old concept album idea and breathes new life into it while, concurrently making the talent and the rep of this against-the-grain Beast Coast duo grow bigger with each new release."
Mojo,60,"Despite two-thirds of the album taking risks by adding everything from saxophone to opera, the final handful of songs feel like filler. Still, Evermore: The Art Of Duality largely delivers."

Q Magazine,83,"In the end, What a Time reminds us that music is best when its enjoyed when in the company of others. Its a project that demands that the listener live vicariously through it and looks to give hope through music to those willing to listen. Nothing more, nothing less."
Clash Music,80,"Futures eerily Auto-Tuned sing-song vocal style, suspended somewhere between Lil Waynes salacious croak and the spiritual suspended animation of a Gregorian chant, seems to energise him.... Drake is sounding as dynamic and engaged as at any time since 2009s stellar So Far Gone."
Mixmag,80,"For those looking for eleven quality hip-hop tracks from two of the crafts best, What a Time to Be Alive is truer than not."
PopMatters,80,"The project gives fans an answer to the hypothetical of what a full album between Drake and Future would sound like, right now, in 2015. Its cutting and honest and self-congratulatory and vindictive. Its fantastically decadent and brutally real at the same time."
RapReviews.com,80,"What A Time To Be Alive often sounds more like a Drake album than the jazzier, busier records that Future usually creates. Yet the Atlanta rapper dominates the record, demonstrating his impressive adaptability."
The Guardian,75,"For now, What a Time is the sound of two of our biggest current pop figures using each others strengths to bring out their own."
The Observer (UK),70,"Although it fails to live up to the internet created hype, its highs outweigh its lows making it an impressive body of work especially if it was made in just six days."
PopMatters,70,"What a Time to Be Alive is also a worthy hang session from MCs Drake and Future, one that feels instant, spontaneous, and just messy enough to keep off the top shelf."
HipHopDX,70,"It's a quickie and it sounds that way: a six-day digital dash in the studio. Yet that's why it feels fresh and spontaneous."
AllMusic,70,"The point is to not look at What a Time to Be Alive as any sort of triumph of ambition and music, but rather as a solid assortment of irresistable bangers from two artists for whom that shit comes easy. It's not the accomplishment, it's the victory lap."
Consequence of Sound,70,"WATTBA still measures slightly disappointing in terms of what we've seen and heard from each artist individually, even this year. What A Time To Be Alive, even as a concept centers itself around the idea of 'now,' instead of striving for the notion of 'classic.' So I'll enjoy it for the time being."
Pitchfork,70,"Even with Drakes lazy punchlines, though, both he and Future are still great rap artists in their primes, and sometimes they figure things out just based on sheer talent. What the tape lacks in congruence, it makes up for in glimmering Metro Boomin production."
Mojo,70,"What a Time to Be Alive is not the best album of 2015, but it is the album that best defines 2015 so far."
AllMusic,70,"Despite a corny bar here or there, Drake sounds way more energized with much better flows. But hes still on Futures planet."
NOW Magazine,70,"Though not the blow away success that meets the considerable hype surrounding its debut, What A Time To Be Alive certainly features 2015s top-selling rap superstar duo turning up and having a helluva lot of fun."
PopMatters,68,"What A Time To Be Alive is ultimately the kind of release that will be relegated to curio status in the near future. It doesnt hold a candle to the strength of either rappers best work, and for Future in particular its overall quality feels like a steep dip from the highs of his most recent run."
Pitchfork,65,"This is a decent mixtape that you'll happily spin for up to a fortnight, I reckon. But it's a hook. It's a sample to get you addicted."
The Wire,60,"This feels like a flying visit through an impromptu victory party. [Dec 2015, p.107]"
HipHopDX,60,"While this project will likely infiltrate the Serato of many a nightclub DJ, there's little--outside the three or four cohesive, codeine-fuelled joints surprisingly carried mostly by Future--that reaches the potential of what What a Time to Be Alive could have been."
Mojo,60,"The whole set comes off like a collection of Future songs--with some Drake verses clumsily tacked on as an afterthought."
Mixmag,60,"When Drake swoops in to pick up the thread, his clear, articulated voice is so much more animated than Futures that the impact is jarring.... Occasionally the two conjure interesting spaces between underground murk and pop-star sheen (Live From The Gutter, Scholarships), and the tension, as they adapt to each other, is compelling."
Resident Advisor,60,"The chemistry works as expected, even if it never exceeds, or even reaches, the sum of its artists. There's no transcendent moment here, because the project is essentially a meeting of opposites who mostly stay in their lanes."
Clash Music,50,"For the most part, What a Time to Be Alive is a layup from two of hip-hops most innovative rappers, not a hasty record, but not an intricate one either, more like a series of energetic first drafts, with choruses often little more than the same phrase repeated ad nauseam."
The New York Times,42,"Theres very little evidence here that makes the case for either as the game-changing superstar he actually is. Future comes off particularly blas, falling repeatedly into the clich version of himself that is all mealy-mouthed strip-club crooning.... Drake sounds only slightly more engaged."

AllMusic,80,"GO:OD AM is the most transparent music Mac Miller has ever made and in doing so he has created a sonically cohesive and impressive album."
Spin,80,"On major-label debut GO:OD AM, his third and best studio album, Miller grapples frankly with fame, addiction, recovery and the struggle to be a decent person over taut, melancholy production that channels both bleary inebriation and hard-fought optimism."
HipHopDX,80,"An interesting and infectious LP that's also his strongest to date."
Billboard.com,80,"One of the most musically appealing hip-hop LPs of the year. Its lush and crisp, and also diverse."
Rolling Stone,80,"The release of his third studio album GO:OD AM showcases maturity beyond Millers years, the result of which is a cohesive project that is as cohesive as it is profound."
AllMusic,80,"At times, the staggering length may make the album seem a little more 'good night' than 'good morning', but GO:OD AM is a place where quality and quantity coincide."
Pitchfork,75,"Singles sales shouldnt matter much to him now, because with GO:OD AM, hes accomplished the dense, complex work that plays out with remarkable clarity."
RapReviews.com,73,"We might not learn a lot of specifics about him, but theres a lot of honesty in his music if you look for it."
Billboard.com,70,"Relying on his individuality yields his greatest results, but the albums most passable moments too."
AllMusic,70,"Dropping two or three songs would be enough to turn this very good record into a brilliant one."
HipHopDX,60,"Its musically adventurous in a way that recalls Chance the Rappers Surf project, but takes fewer detours into psych and jazz."
NOW Magazine,50,"At the end of the day Mac Miller is without a doubt capable of bringing more to the table than shallow, boring rap. Unfortunately, he doesn't do much to prove that on GO:OD AM."
Mojo,50,"The Pittsburgh MC has undeniably matured; a firmer command of internal rhymes adds slight intricacy to his verses. Unfortunately, he still sounds like the sum of his influences."
RapReviews.com,40,"GO:OD A.M. is a 70-minute studio album that would have been better served as two mixtape diary entries until the sober Miller discovered a smarter way to channel his newfound enthusiasm."

Billboard.com,88,"The tracks brim with sing-along choruses, strutting horns and bright melodies that evoke the heyday of Philly soul, the mystic optimism of Earth Wind & Fire and the 'Car Wash' soundtrack."
AllMusic,80,"It's not perfect, but there's enough of their magic here to see even Harry Potter fall back under their spell. [Jan 2016, p.106]"
NOW Magazine,75,"Thankfully, Imani, Vol. 1 succeeds by focusing on the music and a modest message, and setting aside any desire to prove, recapture, or define anything in particular about its creators or their careers."
XXL,73,"Imani is less appealing when it treads too close to feel-good platitudes (Inspired By, Twist of Time), though Gabs conversational flow still packs enough sincerity to get away with lines like Family will have your back when everybody else will skip."
The Source,72,"Blackalicious is most effective when Gift of Gabs knotty multisyllabic schemes unspool without decryption and nestle neatly in the nooks and crannies of Xcels soulful romps."
HipHopDX,70,"A welcome comeback. [Jan 2016, p.73]"
Consequence of Sound,70,"Imani boldly announces a new chapter for Blackalicious. Family and mortality are only going to get more complex as one gets older. However, Blackalicious prove you can still hit your stride if you have the ambition."
Pitchfork,70,"Gift of Gab remains a fire-spitter but his flow has withered slightly since the immaculately delivered rhymes crafted in the early 2000s, but it's not always noticeable. Musically, there's some jarring moments that hold this back from being one of their best works."
The New York Times,60,"All that unalloyed positivity doesnt always make for compelling listening, while a series of mid-tempo, light-jazz beats feel too much like throwbacks to 90s backpacker hip-hop."

Rolling Stone,90,"Snoop Dogg, Andr 3000, Mos Def and Skepta are all fans, with this assured debut proving why she's rated so highly. Better prepare that throne, then."
Pretty Much Amazing,85,"Through ten booming orchestral tracks, A Curious Tale of Trials + Persons is a much-needed self-defensive assault on the industry. On labels. On genre and gender norms. On materialism. On blinding ego. On expectation. On the box so many people have attempted to put her in. So don't refer to Little Simz as a female rapper. Just call her king."
Spin,80,"Practically every bar the 21-year-old spits is full of fiery indignation, aimed not just at exposing (and undermining) entrenched social hierarchies, but at the insecurities that might also hold her back."
The Guardian,80,"Continuing to build her movement brick by brick, A Curious Tale Of Trials + Persons finds the artist Little Simz flexing her superego while exposing the all too human frailties of Simbi Ajikawo. Proof positive shes unafraid to stretch her musical limitations."
Pitchfork,78,"The albums language is intelligent but wholly straightforward, rarely witty and almost device-less; Simz always says exactly what she means."
Complex,60,"Its a debut that leaves a feeling of an artist still working herself out."

AllMusic,80,"The artists on C-ORE complement one another in that they share a certain darkness and an interest in digital experimentation, but their voices and methods are distinct, ensuring the album is defiantly unpredictable."
Spin,76,"Making good on Quattlebaum's professed interest in radical queer politics, the music on C-ORE feels suitably radical, queer and non-conformist."
Consequence of Sound,70,"C-ORE offers its own representation, served by the idiosyncratic artists involved."
RapReviews.com,70,"Like a lot of compilation albums, C-ORE struggles with coherence, but still makes for a tantalising selection box and entry point to the DMG project."
XXL,70,"C-ORE isnt a Kingdom Come-like statement of return, but its also not a departure. As a collaborative work, it documents multiple experiences of life on the margins of America, of musicputting it all on blast."
Rolling Stone,60,"Surrounded by blunt-force catharsis and brandishing some clever, caustic wordplay (like rhyming Lil Boosie with Susan Lucci), Blanco manages to be a pure delight as a rapper, even if he isn't calling himself one."

The 405,80,"With Slime Season, Young Thug went back to the confidence that got him to where he currently is, but with this confidence comes a much improved skillset."
HipHopDX,80,"The emotional arcs are just as fresh and just as gripping [as Barter 6], but here theyre confined to songs, and sometimes to single verses."
Consequence of Sound,76,"Thug's best songs are carefully structured, even if they appear effortlessly thrown together, and the most effective moments tend to be subtle, sidling up to the listener.... But the album's true highlights don't arrive until its close, with the one-two punch of 'Draw Down' and 'Wood Would'."
Under The Radar,75,"Slime Season finds Thugger mastering new conduits to express his idiosyncrasies in addition to spreading like marmalade over familiar territory."

RapReviews.com,83,"Its a brutal and lovely album that refines Reservations far-flung impulses into a targeted stream of consciousness."
Pitchfork,80,"A gifted singer, Haze can also create delicate beauty--Moonrise Kingdom, The Woods  but shes still at her best when she takes aim and fires."
HipHopDX,80,"With honesty, fiery cadence and a flow more commonly heard on a shock jock or rock star, Haze holds nothing back. Free from features, the listener can fully follow along with Hazes journey uninterrupted."
The Guardian,80,"Back To The Woods is both a consolidation for Haze (they sound like themselves again and theres clear sonic unity--all the tracks were produced by old friend/collaborator TK Kayembe) and something of a hangover of a record."
AllMusic,70,"In an artist exploring her brand new self pairing with a producer doing his best to pair up beats with her wild new imagery, this one never quite meshes, but is yet still impressive enough to sit back and marvel at the emotive and lyrical force that Angel Haze is evolving into."

Rolling Stone,80,"This sophomore release named after his hometown's zip code is raw and ready to fight, including taking down all the industry folk who helped hold up this second LP."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Jay Rocks concepts are braver and weirder here, his words more arresting and illustrative, but the major reinvention of 90059 is his delivery."
The 405,80,"More nuanced and compelling than the Watts native's underrated debut, 2011's Follow Me Home, Jay Rock's zip code-titled effort should be copped for the first Black Hippy posse cut since 2012 alone."
AllMusic,80,"A solid effort that is up there with the best of the year but it definitely sets the stage for the emcee who made Follow Me Home and many feel could be the second best in the set to Kendrick to make the jump to great when sophomore time comes around."
PopMatters,70,"Jay shows range by playing with his flow and experimenting with his sound on tracks that feature beat switches."
Pitchfork,67,"While its true that hes grown since signing with TDE back in 2005 and now sounds wiser and more confident, hes yet to distill his personality into a package that communicates that growth."
RapReviews.com,65,"It's surprisingly deep, well produced and definitely worth your time. It is by no means exceptional."

Pitchfork,80,"Overall, Rodeo has plenty of bangers and noteworthy collaborations that help bring out a futuristic trap sound that could bleed into the mainstream of hip-hop in no time."
AllMusic,80,"With Rodeo, Travis Scott becomes a designer drug."
HipHopDX,70,"Somewhere beneath all the hype and production he does shine through."
NOW Magazine,70,"Rodeo deftly accomplished one thing: Scott's sound is cemented. [#267, p.93]"
Pretty Much Amazing,70,"Travi$ Scott made an enjoyable album for his fans peppered with undeniable bangers for his detractors."
The Observer (UK),70,"Rodeo's back end after Antidote begin to mesh together and gets repetitive.... Nonetheless, the originality of Scotts sound within this new movement provides for a strong rookie effort leaving the listener excited for a career that is just getting started."
PopMatters,65,"It's just disappointing that in the midst of a year defined by monumental hip-hop albums, Travi$ Scott chose now as the time to come lukewarm."
XXL,60,"Yes, the production is razor sharp, the beats are skewed and often very loud which makes them feel important, but in reality, it's all a faade; an image."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"He is most effective when he harshly distorts his vocals to create texture, and in the company of others he can serve as a welcome change of pace."
Consequence of Sound,60,"Left on his own, Scott can grow tiresome. 'I Can Tell' sounds monochromatic without another voice to push this astute curator. Some rock stars are better leading bands than going solo."
The Source,50,"This is a cold, calculated record lacking in personality, though it certainly tries to deliver something that Scott is incapable of."
AllMusic,50,"His versatility, combined with a high-profile guest list, conspires against him; among 14 tracks, Scott conjures just a handful of moments that hint at untapped reserves of talent."
Rolling Stone,40,"Scott goes for spacey sounds, stoner vibes and vocal filters, but despite the eclecticism, he's too elusive and bland for Rodeo to amount to a stylistic--let alone a subversive--statement."
Sputnikmusic,40,"Without rising above the sum of the parts brought together, Travis loses control of his own album and it ends up sounding like a collection of tracks from various artists with the loose theme of Travis Scott barely tying it all together."
The 405,33,"Theres a lack of personal narrative or identity on Rodeo, and Scott will often overcompensate for the hollowness of his music."

Pitchfork,80,"His formula-defying sixth record probably wont provide his breakthrough [in the United States], but its an undeniable creative triumph."
Spin,80,"This busy collection is really just more free."
Complex,80,"K-os hasn't been this experimental or fun to listen to since his 2004 classic Joyful Rebellion. It's a thrill to hear him return to the creative stratosphere once again on Can't Fly."
HipHopDX,60,"He is not to be dismissed--as a rapper, that is. k-os the pop singer though? Not good."

Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),83,"The biggest difference between the two projects is that The Water[s] focused in on the dense raps, and Wave[s] is far more vibe-driven, with songs ready for radio."
RapReviews.com,80,"Although it doesnt pan out on every track, the cohesive work allows the listener to feel that theyve plunged into the depths of Micks mind and come out with a soaked sense of clarity."
Q Magazine,80,"Wave(s) is louder, catchier, and about half the length of The Water(s)."
Exclaim,80,"Wave[s] is a clear indication that Jenkins is expanding his sound and stepping away from expectation as he prepares his debut album, The Healing Component. But in the meantime, he's established himself as an artist with even more to offer than many predicted"
Clash Music,76,"It points to an artistic flexibility that will pay dividends down the road. The room to grow is there, should he decide to pursue the colors Wave[s] has opened up for him."
NOW Magazine,70,"The neo-soul influenced beats Jenkins raps and sings over often sounding submerged in a fog of reverb effects and filtration. Jenkins lyrics, too, are dense, containing their own murky depths, but his intense intelligence and formidable talent is never less than crystal clear. [Oct 2015, p.63]"
Billboard.com,70,"On Wave[s], Mick Jenkins, whether consciously or otherwise, created a polished body of work with radio-ready potential."
The New York Times,70,"This new one is no less heady and singular, and even if it doesnt do much to advance Jenkinss captivating line in brain-hop, it solidifies his reputation as one of the most intriguing Wise Guy critics of the thug life still branding far too many rappers today."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"His music seems a slight bit more danceable and accessible than before, but not to the point of pandering to a hedonistic club audience."

The Source,75,"Across the albums 19 tracks, Meths nuanced rapping, the cohesive production, and the guest rappers willingness to be team players cohere into an affirmation for Meths fans."
Billboard.com,70,"Consider this a Meth-led posse LP aimed at returning fans, and a very good one at that."
AllMusic,60,"Too often, the album is weighed down by pedantic, average beats and too many run of the mill guest verses, indicating Meth's generosity is a bit of a weakness. Ultimately, it dilutes The Meth Lab's potency."
The New York Times,60,"The Meth Lab may be Method Mans return to solo work, but without a true connection between the tracks the album feels more like a mixtape than an album, a string of songs that range from uninspiring to a reminder that Method Man was once one of Hip Hops elite."
HipHopDX,60,"His first album since 2006 is a proudly nostalgic testament to the Shaolin way, full of vintage, gritty New York beats, cameos from pals like Redman (plus Wu brothers Inspectah Deck and Raekwon), and a chill, shooting-the-shit vibe."
The 405,60,"While other Clansmen excel are building intricate metaphors and vivid storytelling, Method Man is all about swaggering confidence and masterflow flows. [Sep 2015, p.93]"
Consequence of Sound,60,"Its amusing to hear Method Man claiming Wu-Tang is for the children, go get your child support on in Two Minutes Of Your Time.... Its an ironic counterbalance to the sinister lope and slow-rolling menace of the typically inventive drug and gun metaphors of tracks like 50 Shots, Bang Zoom and The Meth Lab itself."
Pitchfork,50,"For all Methods moments of individual brilliance--Rappers dont really ride they piggy back/Ill trade them all to have 2Pac and Biggy back--clarity is lost in the sheer number of guest appearances."
PopMatters,50,"Method Man is mostly in a lower gear (Water), only rising up to inspired heights intermittently. Augmented by a serviceably brittle production, the numerous MCs offer more energy than consistency, making it difficult for the 19 tracks to sustain momentum."
Exclaim,40,"The Meth Lab is a posse record in practice, very much in the lineage of Theodore Unit's 718, Polluted Water, or the ultimate in Wu-Tang marginalia, Ugodz-illa Presents the Hillside Scramblers."
The Guardian,40,"As a mixtape, it works, but is nothing more than generic New York street rap set to some largely forgettable instrumentals."

RapReviews.com,80,"The 12-song album is impressive, boasting a litany of melodic street anthems and how-to pointers for the underdogs of the world."
Boston Globe,73,"The specter of mortality haunts the proceedings. Despite all of this, it's a testament to Chinx's still-growing pop smarts that Welcome to JFK is sometimes a lot of fun."
Rolling Stone,70,"A well-rounded effort with plenty of promise, the posthumous Welcome to JFK is one bittersweet victory."
Chicago Tribune,70,"If Welcome to JFK is meant to take Chinx Drugs to a national level, the song structures may be right, but the content shows Chinx was still in transition of fully realizing this aspiration."

Q Magazine,90,"Compton gives every indication that Dr. Dre is as potent now as he was in the 20th century's final decade. [#267, p.91]"
The A.V. Club,90,"While Detox seemed poised to erode Dre's sonic reputation, Compton, reputedly his last record, instead solidifies Dre's already ironclad claims to all-time status. Not only does Compton make you forget about Detox, it also makes sure you won't ever forget about Dre."
Paste Magazine,90,"Each of Comptons 16 tracks feel like individual set pieces bound together perfectly."
Pitchfork,90,"Its ambitious, its diverse, its exciting and when you hear you hear what made Dre a legend in the first place. No matter what the era, stream, CD or vinyl, Dr. Dre is just on another level."
Uncut,88,"Knowing that this is Dre's finale, there's a pleasant melancholy that frames Compton, and with the music in our ears, acknowledging that maybe that's for the best."
PopMatters,83,"Comptons 16 tracks ebb into each other cohesively."
RapReviews.com,83,"Compton successfully crams the magnitude of his origin story into ambitious, densely packed sonics."
The Guardian,80,"There are innovative and fresh beats and voices, and the record rarely falters."
Mixmag,80,"It's a rap record for rap people. [Oct 2015, p.106]"
The 405,80,"In total Compton is nonetheless a flawed masterpiece, an album of broad shoulders that manages to carry hip-hop into the latter half of the 2010s."
NOW Magazine,80,"Compton has replaced the abandoned Detox project with a surprisingly vivid soundtrack of frustration inspired by the forthcoming NWA biopic."
HipHopDX,80,"The album slips into a febrile combination of reminiscences, boasts and complaints that manages to keep an eye firmly on the present whilst gazing fondly back on former tribulations."
Pitchfork,80,"It may spend a lot of its time reflecting on the past. But as an argument for that now famous district in South Los Angeles and its continued importance and centrality to hip-hop, its forceful and convincing, and one that ensures those Hollywood-style COMPTON letters will continue to loom large--not just over L.A., but over this genre as a whole."
The Guardian,80,"Compton is easily his most introspective album."
The Quietus,80,"Despite its numerous flaws, Compton is still one of the most engaging listening experiences of the year."
Resident Advisor,80,"Compton crackles with life and spirit."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Like Lamars grandstanding To Pimp A Butterfly, the numerous strands of Compton: A Soundtrack take time and effort to fully unravel, but the rewards are manifold."
Clash Music,80,"Compton exists now as a reminder to the current oversaturated pit of modern rap that legends aren't born overnight and there will never be another Dr. Dre. Hip-hop's first billionaire hasn't forgotten where he comes from so let's not forget what he's done to get here."
Pitchfork,80,"Regardless of whether or not the album will spawn a generation of imitators like his previous releases, Compton is a proper capstone to Dres legendary career."
NOW Magazine,80,"Nowhere is Dres boldness and confidence more apparent than in Comptons music."
The 405,80,"He seems to have found a new and more sincere voice, less bullish than we have heard him before, whilst using a fantastic roster of contributors to push the mood and narrative."
Spin,80,"Compton is his third-best album, but that's hardly an insult. His skills have always been about immediacy, the grandiose, a sixth sense for the universal. On Compton, that's still intact."
Pitchfork,80,"Musically, its ornate and grand-scaled, and somehow also deft."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Dre might have sounded fat and smug at this point. The good news is that, instead, he sounds hungry."
Consequence of Sound,80,"It adds up to an album by turns confounding and enthralling. It's no Detox. It's something realer, and better."
The Guardian,75,"Compton is an exceptional, big-budget rap album up-and-down.... Although fat definitely needed to be trimmed from this animal, its humbling to know Dre hasnt let his ego get the best of him musically."
XXL,75,"After three decades in the music business, it's inspiring to see him deliver an excellent album: overseeing it, driving his guests/writers/producers onto greater things and delivering it in an interesting way is no mean feat. His voice has matured."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Compton is a solid reminder of both Dre's skills and the depth of his contacts book. [Nov 2015, p.75]"
HipHopDX,70,"Despite its vocal flaws, if anything, there is a great amount of care in Compton."
AllMusic,70,"The beats sound like what you should expect from Dr. Dre operating in 2015."
Pitchfork,70,"Compton doesnt need to exist, but it does, and that its actually pretty good and fresh in a year brimming with vibrant, relevant young voices, says something."
Exclaim,70,"Eminems cameo on Medicine Man is technically superb, but the content somehow comes over both hateful and boring.... But it's hard to deny Compton is brilliantly constructed, a masterclass in 21st century hip-hop."
HipHopDX,68,"The listenability and creativity of Dres grand scheme almost save Compton from itself, but its the final song of the album that brings down the house."
Complex,60,"Compton itself is a part of this little something too, because even though it fails to make a clear artistic statement, it houses some of the finest hip-hop production Dre has turned in for years, and proves that the city has much more going for it than just a bad reputation."
Consequence of Sound,60,"The Chronic and 2001 were simply collections of great songs and the order didn't matter much; Compton, conversely, is one giant song presented as a specifically sequenced album. While it succeeds as such--a lush, expensive-sounding art rap song-cycle--it fits the Doctor about as well as a baggy t-shirt. Dre makes great songs, not great albums."
RapReviews.com,50,"As Compton progresses, it rarely seems to shift out of second gear, evidently favouring laid back grooves and sparse production over aggressive break beats and G-Funk swagger. All the while an almost listless lyrical style on occasion provides a narrative, or lack thereof.... Cynicism aside, there are moments of brilliance here."

XXL,80,"Overall, Golden Ticket represents the best first effort that the unlikely duo couldve hoped for. Its 40 minutes remain so cohesive that even less time seems to pass between its open and close."
AllMusic,80,"The unusual alliance of Floridian rapper/singer Eric Biddines with south London groovemaster Paul White brings an engaging, infectious charm to Golden Ticket reminiscent of Outkast and Arrested Development."
RapReviews.com,80,"Golden Ticket is a diverse treat. [Sep 2015, p.93]"
The Source,80,"The album's ear-catching finish endorses Golden Ticket as a rewardingly receptive, slightly slippery customer to the death."
Complex,80,"This is a hot, sweaty but very beautiful dream of a record."
HipHopDX,70,"Good news for OutKast fans, basically, although the pairs debut works best when its playing it weird."

The 405,80,"You Disgust Me is another another project where the beatmakers show their knack for spitting gritty 16s and attemping to outdo each other on their head-nodding production. Once again, it works."
Clash Music,70,"Though their formula is simple, the pair takes precisely measured efforts to make sure each song remains true to their refined essence."
Pitchfork,69,"Both are more than capable of crafting memorable hip-hop music, even if they're too focused on cranking out bangers at an industrial rate to notice whether anything they've made stands out."
Rolling Stone,60,"Add a short runtime and You Disgust Me feels like an inflated EP of lost tracks and hidden heat, so marvel at their more crafted and conceptual albums, then come back here for a more free-form sampler of strange."

Spin,75,"When all is said and done, this album will be looked at as a turning point for the trio: the moment they went legit."
Boston Globe,70,"The group compensates for meager substance with plenty of style and energy, and has enough of both to almost pull it off."
NOW Magazine,70,"On Yung Rich Nation, the band of brothers shows its reliable enough to deliver hits, but ambitious enough to rise to a challenge."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"The rhyme skills and lurid way with imagery that first brought the group to national attention remain on display throughout the album, but YRN's warring agendas suggest a few more tries are in order for the Migos to get their formula sorted."
Pretty Much Amazing,65,"Migos don't glorify the trap, they reflect it, and when the hood doesn't need the trap then there won't be 'Trap Funk' any more."
Boston Globe,60,"Production-wise, the record includes what are easily some of the least memorable instrumentals that the trio has ever worked with in comparison to their catalogue of freeleases, though the continued emphasis on minimalism gives the rhymes room to breathe."
AllMusic,60,"This album might not propel them to a higher level of fame than they've already reached; while it's solid front to back, there's nothing remotely as unstoppable as 2013's 'Versace' or 2014's 'Fight Night.'"
Exclaim,60,"It all sounds like a victory lap rather than a step forward, but perhaps thats just as well."
NOW Magazine,50,"Throughout, tracks will leave you with a noticeably bittersweet aftertaste--although it isnt exactly lacking in flavor. Its as though the album is missing a secret ingredient, or doesnt ever find the right blend."

Consequence of Sound,80,"Living Legend is a non-stop gangsta party connected to the street, offering a more approachable alternative to Ross' grandiose LPs."
XXL,70,"The only real problem with Living Legend is that he's clearly holding back some of his formidable lyrical skills to be competition for the Fetty Waps, Chief Keefs and Vine-traded hook-rappers of the world.... But when he lets his hard-rocking rhymes run amok, Gunplay is a breath of fresh Swisher smoke and spittle-flecked air."
Spin,70,"Legend, like Gunplays professed diet, is a potent mix of uppers, downers and hallucinogens; it makes for a weird, and weirdly satisfying, trip."
Exclaim,65,"Despite remaining dutifully authentic to his own back-story and expressive temperament, the album, at times, sounds like it was written and recorded years ago, offering outdated production trends and repetitive content."
Pitchfork,65,"Living Legend isn't bad, exactly. It's a consistent release with no substantial misfires, full of densely packed verbiage and grand gestures, reminiscent of a time when technique, style, and personality seemed inseparable, interrelated qualities in a rapper's arsenal."
The Wire,60,"While his long journey has finally paid off, Living Legend lacks it factor to have listeners clamoring for a follow-up anytime soon."
PopMatters,60,"The album doesnt come without its criticisms, though. Only 1, with its elementary hook and flimsy delivery, seems tired and immature. And Chain Smoking with Curren$y and labelmate Stalley disrupts the cinematic flow of the album. However, Gunplay delivers on the overall theme of showing what made him a living legend."
Tiny Mix Tapes,50,"Displaying sharp technique and wordplay, he promises something special. Disappointingly, the record quickly devolves into pro forma bluster as the rapper never reveals himself, opting instead for familiar thug posturing."

AllMusic,80,"The disc clocks in at less than 30 minutes, but its short songs hit like a hatchet to the head."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Early Public Enemy was formatively innovative, but on this latter-day record PE explore and deepen that signature not unlike master jazzmen -- or the Stones, for that matter--and that's not only worthy of an album, it's groundbreaking in terms of hip-hop."
AllMusic,70,"The blunt-tipped guitar chop on the title tune, glassy music boxes and slurping synths of Give Peace a Damn, and the more-Stones-than-country Honky Tonk Rules are all genuine surprises that no other legacy act is giving up."
Exclaim,67,"Man Plans God Laughs could have been a slab of endurance-testing ambition for the groups latter-day era, but really, things only sound hopelessly awkward during the anti-establishment rendering of The Rolling Stones Honky Tonk Women (Honky Talk Rules)."
HipHopDX,62,"Where previous PE releases this century have often sounded dated, this one often sounds forcibly modern, the sonic equivalent of your tech-challenged granddad trying to use Spotify."
Rolling Stone,60,"A couple of tracks here push an argument for their relevance by echoing the spacey minimalism of today's hip-hop."
Mojo,60,"At times, you want more rage. Other times, more clarity. You cant doubt Public Enemys resolve. But on Man Plans God Laughs, music and message remain a notch out of synch."

The Independent (UK),74,"Though Dej's talent is walking both sides of that divide, she's a strong enough singer and rapper that it's great hearing her not stuck on instrumentals that straddle the genre fence."
Drowned In Sound,70,"On this EP, the duets are more balanced, be it Hey There or the rising hit Back Up, a back-and-forth with Big Sean."
Boston Globe,60,"Although nothing achieves the same height as 'Try Me,' the EP is promising at the least."
Pitchfork,60,"In order to show growth, and furthermore her push for long lasting notoriety, Lil Loaf seems to serve up a different persona on each song. But whether its addressing the haters or luring her love in for the kill, the young upstart makes sure to maintain her cool in any and every situation."

RapReviews.com,90,"DS2 finds a hellish, motivating power by articulating how its possible to have the best time of your life during the worst time of your life. And it all sounds so good."
XXL,90,"DS2 is a uniformly awesome album, remarkable for the singularity of its vision, and it comes at absolutely the right time, when all eyes are on Future."
Pitchfork,88,"In place of Pluto and Honests love songs are emissions from the depths of Futures psyche where light is unable to penetrate and whose denizens are twisted and ferocious."
AllMusic,84,"Future was always straightforward, never ashamed to confess his depression or infatuation, but the narratives never felt so focused, nuanced, or vulnerable than here."
HipHopDX,83,"Smartly abandoning the sappy balladry that alienated many on his debut album, Pluto, and trimming all the excess fat that made Honest, an otherwise solid sophomore effort, feel largely uneven, Future goes for the gut and DS2 can pack a wallop."
The Source,83,"DS2 is his strongest campaign yet, and its the first time a new Future album has met all expectations."
Exclaim,80,"The album is sonically pleasing. [#267, p.92]"
HipHopDX,80,"Self-mythologizing aside, the music on DS2 is worthy of the praise lauded on Future."
DJ Booth,80,"Dirty Sprite 2 doesnt survey any new territory for the croaking crooner, but it magnifies the depth of his distress and channels it into an even richer multilayered sonic experience."
Pitchfork,80,"Dirty Sprite 2 is a tremendous compendium of everything you want from a Future album in 2015."
Consequence of Sound,80,"DS2 is a relentless, dud-free hour that adds in most of his recent highlights to complete the story of his last year."
The A.V. Club,80,"Four years after dropping his breakout mixtape, the follow-up is an exultant street album."
Dusted Magazine,80,"A coherent, consistent album--both thematically and sonically--that captures where hip-hops resident astronaut is residing these days."
Q Magazine,80,"With the release of the album DS2--Dirty Sprite 2, named after his hit mixtape -- he becomes a hip-hop version of Lee 'Scratch' Perry, a strange and yet in command figure standing at the center of a slick, inventive swirl of music."
PopMatters,80,"If you've followed Future's recent moves, DS2 is not unprecedented, but it greatly enhances the brooding ambiance of his recent work, a dive further into the abyss."
The Observer (UK),80,"The majority of these beats hit to hurt, and though the emotional Future that listeners have come to know through past cuts 'Throw Away' and 'My Savages' has been dialled back, the honesty and vulnerability come through when it counts."
The Independent (UK),74,"[A] foggy, glorious mess of an album."
Clash Music,70,"It has little of the far-reaching ambition of Honest, but what it lacks in bold strokes, it more than makes up for in consistency."
NOW Magazine,70,"Produced by a handful of trusted Atlanta trap producers, DS2 is gothic, narcotic and full of overcast skies."
Billboard.com,67,"Dirty Sprite 2, Nayvadius DeMun Wilburn's third album, is his most epicurean work yet."
AllMusic,60,"If you can get into the fantasy and ignore the reality then DS2 might be good escapist music for a little while."
Mojo,20,"In lieu of artistry or any semblance of lyrical spark, DST offers monotonous production and relentless chanting."

The 405,80,"Galactic backs each act with professional, jazz-influenced ease and, on some songs, a hedonistic, dance-rock pulse a la Prince, all the while keeping its Mardi Gras flavor."
XXL,80,"Throughout it all, co-founders, producers, and arrangers Ben Ellman and Robert Mercurio sonically map out a NOLA that's as vibrant and forward thinking as it is steeped in the region's rich culture, cementing the band's reputation (20 years in) as both innovators and stalwart defenders of tradition."
The Guardian,80,"Give credit to the bands founders and co-producers bassist Robert Mercurio and saxist Ben Ellman who molded this album and show that Galactic doesnt need a stable front person, or even a singular approach, to make their dynamic music connect with playful passion and vibrant integrity."
The Telegraph (UK),70,"And so Galactic continues to fly, not into uncharted territory but to the territories that we found before, explored, had fun, left, and sort of forgot about for a while. Bands like Galactic are good for this sort of thing: reviving yesterdays sounds without the gimmicks."

Complex,85,"The album succeeds in granting an audio interpretation to something that's showcased more prominently in a cinematic medium."
The New York Times,80,"The plot is complicated and would take innumerable listens to get the complete story without the aid of RZAs interludes, but the storytelling is vivid and full of colour."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),80,"Like the films Superman 2 and Aliens, the concept LP Twelve Reasons to Die II meets, and for action junkies exceeds, the high standard set by its predecessor."
Rolling Stone,80,"The focus from all concerned makes the convincingly grisly fiction a lot of fun."
Pretty Much Amazing,80,"Twelve Reasons to Die II suggests that breaking new ground might be a futile undertaking if there's this much juice left in the good old tricks."
RapReviews.com,80,"His third album in as many years shows hes on a streak thats both prolific and high quality."
Uncut,80,"The Ghostnaissance continues."
Punknews.org (Staff),72,"It has a bigger-budget feelstronger guests, better pacing, and a more careful consideration for its audience."
PopMatters,70,"The production can sound derivative, but when Younge is on inspired form. [Sep 2015, p.75]"
Spin,70,"While Ghost can tell a story and his skills are sharp (despite Action Bronsons recent claims to the contrary), hes sounded far more at home on this past winters Sour Soul LP with Hip Hop jazz band BadBadNotGood."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"While quality control can only help Ghostface Killah (four albums in three years) so long as he keeps working with producers as talented as Adrian Younge, hell keep delivering solid albums."
Paste Magazine,70,"The knotty lyricism and psychedelic rumble of 12 Reasons to Die II should be more than enough to keep Ghostface fans satisfied."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"In the future, Ghost should do more of that heavy lifting, taking a cue from producer Adrian Younge, who provides his signature analogue flavour to sumptuous effect throughout."
The Line of Best Fit,67,"It sometimes goes down a little too easy."
The Quietus,60,"What it lacks is an interesting emotional--and thus truly cinematic--dimension."
PopMatters,60,"In the case of Twelve Reasons to Die II, the glass is slightly more than half full."
The Independent (UK),55,"Adrian Younge's film score-like production on this latest team-up doesn't feel as atmospheric or inspired as their first go-round."
Mojo,40,"If the Wu-Tang Clan's A Better Tomorrow was a shoddy attempt at cinematic audio in a Hollywood blockbuster sense, this is the arthouse variety show alternative with caricature Ghost as compere. [Sep 2015, p.57]"

Clash Music,80,"Lucky 7 doesnt deviate from the framework of Statiks previous compilations, but it does highlight his masterful command of each individual track, without ever simplifying the approach or integrity of the album."
Mixmag,80,"In stark contrast to less talented producers who enlist MCs for name recognition alone, Statiks posse cuts are the product of thoughtful placement."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"The album's best moments come courtesy of the newer, younger emcees, highlighting the different hunger levels on display."
XXL,70,"Lucky 7 is a bit too comfortable; despite consistently solid returns, it would be nice to see Statik raise the stakes the next time hes up to bet."
HipHopDX,70,"Lucky 7 is at its best when Statik Selektah delves deep into his jazzier side as a producer, as tracks like 'Beautiful Life' and 'All I Need' affirm."
Pitchfork,50,"As a whole Lucky 7 sounds a lot like everything else Statik Selektah has done up to this point; the album is neither offputting nor particularly exciting, and it's hard to feel strongly about at all."

AllMusic,70,"Those who lost interest after Tha Carter III may want to start paying attention again. [Sep 2015, p.57]"
Consequence of Sound,70,"Throughout Free Weezy, Wayne is merely drawing in the spaces on a coloring book rather than in unique hues."
Boston Globe,65,"Free Weezy Album is on the whole decidedly mixed. Weezy still has his swagger, and with a little more effort he could add some substance to go along with it."
Billboard.com,60,"Free Weezy Album is one of those records you sift through for flashes of greatness, rather than sit back and let it wash over you."
Pitchfork,60,"FWA is slicker than most mixtapes--and on tracks like the opener, his flow remains a spectacle--but theres also the pervading sense here that hes playing it safe."
RapReviews.com,60,"Nothing on par with the classics but he has plenty of moments where his strengths are showcased."
Exclaim,58,"Occasionally, Wayne sounds either torn about the kind of music he wants to be making or even just short on ideas."
Rolling Stone,55,"The effort and energy are there but the soul is missing."
The Guardian,50,"The records occasionally bright moments are swallowed up by scattered thoughts and stale beats."
Pretty Much Amazing,30,"FWA's opening trio of  'Glory,' 'He's Dead' and 'I Feel Good' is severely tempered by the inclusion of clunky ballads with less-than-inspired production. Lyrically, there is little reference to Wayne's Carter V struggles amidst a wealth of new punch lines, but for every bit of wordplay that has potential to become another Weezy quotable, there is a handful of other cringe-worthy instances to counter."

AllMusic,100,"Its a major triumph disguised as a minor one--60 minutes of lean, inventive, important rap music that never pats itself on the back for being any of those things."
Rolling Stone,91,"It may not be the most talked-about rap record of the year, but it probably deserves to be. Long live Ramona Park."
Billboard.com,90,"When it's a;l said and done, Summertime '06 will be remembered as one of--if not solely--2015's best. [Jun-Jul 2015, p.87]"
The 405,90,"Staples has so much to say in Summertime '06 that itd be impossible to fully dissect in one listen, and his ingenious phrasing makes for a constantly amusing variety of vignettes. A record is only as good as the music that accompanies, though, and collaborative producer No I.D. delivers in spades and then some."
Pitchfork,90,"Virtually every song slaps like crazy."
HipHopDX,90,"No I.D. and company have helped him make music thats both uncomfortable and lived-in, and Staples sounds more himself inside of it than ever before."
XXL,90,"Summertime '06's coming of age tale is complemented perfectly by production that finds the nuance in Staples' stories and matches it, couching Staples' rhymes in a way that the streets can understand best."
Boston Globe,88,"Summertime '06 is breathtakingly focused, a marathon that feels like a sprint."
Boston Globe,88,"This record is bold, uncompromising, and one of the best and most important in its genre to come out in an already exceptional year."
AllMusic,85,"It's a vital entry from a burgeoning new star."
Spin,85,"While unrelentingly committed to his personal story, Vince rapturously integrates dense and conscious-filled narratives of his inner life, packaged vibrantly over layered and unpredictable production executively produced by No I.D with support from DJ Dahi, Clams Casino and Christian Rich. Among 20 tracks, there's no filler to be found."
Consequence of Sound,83,"Former Kanye mentor No I.D., DJ Dahi, and Clams Casino handle production on the album, but they work together with Staples so that the seams between the different dreams, hallucinations, memories, and nightmares dont show."
Pitchfork,80,"Summertime '06 is extremely cohesive, but occasionally tiptoes on being monotonous."
Rolling Stone,80,"Splitting this weighty and rich effort into digestible chunks, the album's physical release comes on two separate discs, making Summertime '06 an artistic triumph wrapped in conceptually fitting package."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"In a year of impressive solo rap albums, Staples has managed to create one thats arguably the most idiosyncratic of the lot."
Pitchfork,80,"It is, simply, one of the best rap debuts of the year."
The New York Times,80,"Summertime 06 is the kind of coming-of-age story thats common to hip-hop, but Staples delivers his account with a furious passion and refreshing insight."
AllMusic,80,"Like so much of his work, Staples lures us in with stylized storytelling and production (here, primarily overseen by No I.D.) but then hits hard with a jarring line like 'They found another dead body in the alley.'"
XXL,80,"Vince sounds more alive on this album, that coldhearted monotone has found a bit of hope."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"[A] promising, unapologetically dense debut."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"Although, it's a bit too long, and suffers from some peaks and valleys, it's a very solid project overall."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"Vince Staples goes all-in on his sprawling double-LP commercial debut, and the returns are decent if not world-beating."
Pitchfork,70,"It adds up to a hard-hitting 20-track portrait of life and love in a mad city."
Pretty Much Amazing,60,"The album may sprawl too widely, but its second disc makes a strong argument for the continuity and self-awareness of the whole package."

Consequence of Sound,80,"This record is hip-hop as post-ambient."
The Source,80,"Bringing a higher degree of polish to the table than past bedroom recordings, the duo also show off an impressive palette of sounds on their dozen beats."
PopMatters,74,"Main Attrakionz, who are sharper and more consistent than ever here, even if the high points dont quite match those of 808s II."
HipHopDX,70,"808s & Dark Grapes III isn't quite the Zeitgeist-capturing statement that II was, but it's still an enjoyable, highly focused effort."

Spin,80,"The record serves up plenty of peak mixtape Meek."
Fact Magazine (UK),80,"In the end, the street-worthy effort seems more influenced by Maybach Music than Minaj, as it forsakes the paparazzi and gossip pages for the better and continues on the path first laid out on the man's mixtapes."
The 405,80,"All the way through, Dreams Worth More Than Money feels fresh and, more importantly, refreshing."
XXL,80,"Dreams Worth More Than Money overflows with sonic effervescence, drawing you into the snake pit that is the mainstream hip-hop industry, with all the opulent trappings therein. Tight production support ingenious raps that continue to push the envelope of the street anthem narrative."
AllMusic,80,"Meek understands his audience, they expect a monumental introduction, summer ready hits, sincerity and more hits. He does this all, with a bit of style and an abundance of swagger."
Complex,75,"Hes always been a reliably ferocious street rapper. DWMTM establishes him as that and something else: an artist with the ambition to go big and the finesse to stick his landing."
Exclaim,74,"Maybe it only all coheres in flashes, but if Meek Mill works best in bursts, then so be it."
Sputnikmusic,70,"Dreams Worth More Than Money is surprisingly focused, presenting an uncomfortably lucid, non-pensive character study detailing the underside of the American Dream."
Rolling Stone,70,"Dreams Worth More Than Money sticks the landing, sustaining over its running time without stumbling and occasionally providing some thrilling moments."
Billboard.com,70,"Dreams Worth More Than Money is a slight misfire for Meek Mill, but enough is there the we think he can eventually achieve in his music the high hes achieved in his personal life."
Austin Chronicle,60,"His best moments are scary in a different way: 'In my city we talk heavy and die young,' he raps on 'The Trillest.' It's a message that booms out louder than life."
RapReviews.com,60,"Some of the strongest songs on this up-and-down album sound like lost 1998 Stretch and Bobbito freestyles."
NOW Magazine,50,"This is one to spin a couple of times, then never again."

Boston Globe,60,"Tyga has served up a solid effort with The Gold Album: 18th Dynasty, exploring new territory and pushing himself in a different direction than hed gone during his ratchet past work. Its just not necessarily a better one."
AllMusic,50,"The album is full of songs that falter either for a lack of a guiding beat or because of misguided lyrics that carry little purpose."
American Songwriter,40,"The Gold Album is underscored by its poor creative choices."
PopMatters,39,"We have 12 microwave-nuked approximations of Drake songs circa 2013 and Kanye songs spanning from The College Dropout to Yeezus, with none of the wit, soul, or edge."

RapReviews.com,80,"Overall, Music For My Friends is another solid offering from Skyzoo that hip-hop purists will appreciate."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Music For My Friends is an above-average effort from Skyzoo."
AllMusic,80,"Music For My Friends is arguably Skyzoo's finest project to date."
Clash Music,70,"It's not as consistently good as 'The Salvation', or as instantly satisfying as his work with Torae, but with recent months slowing down on the incredible start we've had in 2015 for albums, this is certainly worth checking out."

The Line of Best Fit,75,"Petestrumentals 2 is a worthy follow up to 'Petstrumentals,' and a must-listen for any fan of Pete Rock or instrumental hip-hop."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"PeteStrumentals 2 is exactly the album you'd expect it to be. Similar to the '78 Fury, we aren't chasing the latest here."
The Guardian,70,"While his source material is firmly rooted in the past, Petestrumentals 2 makes a couple of more contemporary statements"
Pitchfork,70,"With a dynamic range that stretches from speedier tracks like I Wish to the slow and steady 90s Class Act (Ek), PeteStrumentals 2 refuses to settle on a single model, rather incorporating snippets of what Pete Rock has shown has fans over the years."
Uncut,70,"The beats are all quality, but without voices there's not much they can do in three-and-a-half minutes that they don't have the strength and presence to do in two."

HipHopDX,80,"Theres enough originality, guile, and plain old-school hip-hop verve here to make this stand on its own."
PopMatters,80,"That theme stays consistent, but our heroes are far from complacent. Indeed, much credit goes to 7L, whose inventive productions provides cannon fodder for the rappers to blast apart with witty punch lines, clever metaphors, and agile flows."
XLR8r,80,"Those beats prove to be a dynamic soundtrack for Esoteric and Deck's shameless, endlessly entertaining punch lines, which are bizarrely charming enough to leave you rooting for the bad guy."
Exclaim,70,"Every Hero Needs a Villain is simply an enjoyable listening experience that any longtime Hip Hop fan is sure to appreciate."
Consequence of Sound,70,"On their self-titled debut, they were having fun. This time, they had fun but with focus."

NOW Magazine,82,"Since the beginning, DJ-Kicks has been about finding unique takes on this craft. Kozalla's 50th instalment more than lives up to this tradition."
Spin,80,"A passive listen to Kozes Kicks might just reveal hip-hop love and brilliant talent, but the underlying theme from Koze is simple, but easy to overlook: a genuine love of music."
Under The Radar,80,"Koze finds home for these misfit songs, and by doing so gets you thinking about possibilities, what else that might be out there waiting to be rediscovered."
The Wire,80,"His incorporation of lo-fi house and cosmic techno uplifts through the smallest dosage, and induces a powerful stupor until you're out the other side, perching on a Balearic mountaintop."
HipHopDX,70,"When Koze finally gets around to mixing in some house tracks, they're midtempo and bittersweet rather than high-energy floor fillers, and uniformly excellent, particularly Frank & Tony's sublime 'Bring the Sun. One wonders how astonishing the mix would be if it had consisted entirely of tracks like this, but the variety is refreshing, and Koze's adventurous spirit is always admirable."

XXL,80,"Major Without A Deal is another step forward for Troy Ave, but its also another win for the birthplace of hip-hop."
RapReviews.com,70,"In the end, the infamous LP isn't the album of the year, but it isn't an artistic flop either, just a pleasing effort from a punchline-dealing party gangsta who knows the power of a good hook."
Boston Globe,50,"Major Without a Deals concept songs miss almost as much as they hit."
Exclaim,50,"Troy Aves self-confidence skews towards myopic arrogance, as high points like Young King are practically ruined by intentionally off-key vocal melodies and Real Nigga comes off as Maybach Music Group karaoke."
Pitchfork,35,"He's a hollow rapper with no unique trait or style. He drifts through songs such as 'Love You/How I'm On It' and 'Young King' with no real concept of flow or knowing when to change tone."

The Wire,70,"Durk's major-label debut sticks to the mood of melodic exasperation that's carried throughout his previous work."
HipHopDX,60,"Drenched in Auto-Tune and more frustrated than a ringtone rapper should be, Lil Durk turns in a surprisingly down effort with Remember My Name."
RapReviews.com,60,"Regardless of whether his hands are tied creatively to coded lyrics, such as 500 Homicides, the music undoubtedly suffers as a result. But there are ephemeral periods on Remember My Name where Durk is more illuminative of his world, like Resume."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"The album lacks the obvious potential hits to guarantee that, although the moody, Jeremih-featuring single 'Like Me' is easy to get lost in. The album does, however, strike a graceful balance between gritty roots and big-budget sheen."
Spin,58,"Remember My Name sounds a lot like a lot of other things."
DJ Booth,56,"Remember My Name as an album isnt going to change lives."
Consequence of Sound,50,"Lil Durk's first album is lacking in a lot of things, the first being songs. Now, ten tracks is not necessarily too little of a number, but when half of the album is filler, that's when that number starts to work against you."
Pitchfork,50,"There's nothing new or challenging here. It bangs, though predictably."

Pretty Much Amazing,80,"It might not be groundbreaking, but it's the kind of album that easily stays in the car's CD player all summer long."
Exclaim,70,"Dom Kennedy's third studio release is short and to the point leaving no room for fillers. But it lacks the certified bangers we're used to him delivering. Still, it's a solid offering from an independent artist."
The A.V. Club,70,"Dom Kennedy once again makes another solid effort thats perfect for the mid-summer kick-back."
Pretty Much Amazing,60,"Although it's only 36 minutes long, to some Dom fans dismay, it gives you another layer of what you've come to expect from the Leimert Park emcee--anecdotes, swagger, relatable problems and dreams, all over a mix of West Coast melodic production. [Jun-Jul 2015, p.91]"

The Source,91,"The crowd-pleasers are big and full, richly accessible and eccentric at the same time.... And yet even at its most infectious this music can pivot on a dime, emotionally, and the effect is often shattering."
No Ripcord,91,"Surf is so vibrant, so alive with triumphant vibes and unadulterated joy, that it never leaves any room for cynicism."
Spin,90,"Its a rare record that exists due to the harmonious power of its collaborators, but the reason why it will have a lasting legacy is due to how utterly fresh it feels, making for the rare kind of album that sounds just as accessible on its first listen as it does on its hundredth."
HipHopDX,90,"Surf is a boardwalk picnic with sunset views of the Ferris wheel, grassy laughter, and paper plates smeared with blueberry shortcake."
Exclaim,88,"Surf integrates a mish-mash of sounds, genres and guests into a relatively coherent whole, textured and nuanced in ways that demand repeat listens."
Pitchfork,88,"Whether Chance is billed as frontman or not, his thought-provoking lyricism and potent backing band has made for yet another life-affirming release thats sure to propel the artist to even more impressive territory."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),85,"The musical event drips in unprecedented additions that welcome alternative vocals from Erykah Badu, Janelle Monae and Jesse Boykins III to the track list, along with fervent features from King Louie, Big Sean, J Cole and Quavo, that lure the rap artists out of their comfort zones and onto intricate live compositions."
Under The Radar,83,"While written with absolute precision and poetic skill that rivals the best rappers currently working, Chance's words tumble from his mouth effortlessly, as if he's already done with the verse by the time he recites it, looking to what's next."
The 405,83,"There are too many impressive performances on Surf to focus on just one mans achievements, and Chance has to be proud of that."
Consequence of Sound,80,"So Surf continues--infectious, light and upbeat, but never inane. It begs you to feel included, and wide-awake."
RapReviews.com,80,"For all its dabbling in the black arts, Surf does have a few missteps, but they are ephemeral at best."
AllMusic,80,"His lyrics are consistently the most interesting, his flow the most original and here he sounds content, as if in the group setting he is completely comfortable with being (in his mind at least) just one of the guys. Clearly though, hes much more than that."
The Guardian,80,"Surf will not be for everyone, but for those seeking a sense of spiritual upliftment and a relaxing summertime soundtrack, Surf is the wave youve been looking for."
XXL,70,"Surf's arbitrary, spontaneous nature is one of the chief reason's it's such a well put together album. [Jun-Jul 2015, p.89]"
PopMatters,70,"A warm, evocative pop-soul-jazz album that comes straight from the heart."
NOW Magazine,70,"If youre not feeling Surf right away, stick with it long enough and it just might bring you to its wavelength."
DJ Booth,70,"Much of the album is frenetic--full of bodies and larger-than-life. But the muted and downcast moments end up being memorable, tender and affecting."

Billboard.com,91,"It never sounds disjointed, thanks to the powerful adhesive that is Rocky's dangerous charm. [12 Jun 2015, p.74]"
Complex,80,"The rock presence is clear, but Rocky's raps are still where he triumphs. [Jun-Jul 2015, p.93]"
Boston Globe,80,"There are a few hollow trunk rattlers here.... At.Long.Last.A$AP is no fashion accessory, its practically a reinvention."
Rolling Stone,80,"Dreamy of atmosphere, and often screwed of tempo. [Aug 2015, p.71]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Its tempting to see it being one day considered an essential listen: compiling and collating the first half of the decades tastes, trends, aesthetics and politics into a cohesive and inoffensive whole."
cokemachineglow,80,"A raw masterstroke, A.L.L.A. is a depiction of underground millionaire culture that should have 'think of the children' conservatives shitting their pants."
Exclaim,80,". On At.Long.Last.A$AP., he takes a creative risk and lets the fans reap the rewards."
Pitchfork,80,"Raw, woozy, profoundly psychedelic and often brilliant, Rocky's second studio album is awash with hallucinogenic texture."
AllMusic,80,"Playground misogyny aside, ALLA is a thrillingly focused follow-up that betrays its anxieties even as it mostly makes do with extolling the virtues of vice."
PopMatters,80,"A much more risky, expansive and intriguing listen [than Long.Live.A$AP]."
AllMusic,80,"The bold effort unfolds as it wants and deserves."
XXL,80,"From its length (18 songs, 66 minutes) to its guest list (Kanye West, Rod Stewart, Danger Mouse, Lil Wayne, Yasiin Bey, M.I.A.), the album is as much a large-scale production as his debut was. But its done on Rockys terms, with every element enhancing the sound that he laid out on his initial mixtape."
Exclaim,80,"For all of the sonic pleasures, much of At.Long.Last.ASAPs narrative is hard to swallow with a thinking mind--which makes it hip-hop at its finest, and its worst."
DJ Booth,80,"Its focus on breadth is also part of its charm, and although the project is 18 songs deep it does not feel rushed through, but rather lived through."
Consequence of Sound,80,"A$AP Rocky has always been an innovator and his creative attempts have always been bold. At.Long.Last.A$AP is no different there."
Pitchfork,80,"Some might call it retrograde in the year of To Pimp a Butterfly, but rap is big enough to contain multitudes  including self-regard when its this perfectly delivered."
Billboard.com,80,"All things considered, this is a solid album. Fans of old Rocky will be happy to hear he hasnt left them behind and new fans will have a plethora of options to choose from."
Complex,80,"Its unrelentingly hazy, a state of mind as much as a musical approach. Rocky is a more precise and impressive rapper here than he was on his 2013 debut album, returning to the nimble and flexible form he displayed on his earlier mixtape and Internet releases."
HipHopDX,80,"There is a lot to take in on this big, bold, madly ambitious album, but Rocky has made a frequently dazzling spectacle, another reminder that hip hop is currently setting the bar very high indeed."
Rolling Stone,78,"At long last, a real sense of identity has begun to coalesce in Rockys work."
The New York Times,75,"A$AP's charisma and finesse mostly compensate for his shortcomings as a lyricist. That, combined with the trippy heaviness of Danger Mouse's production, make 'A.L.L.A.' an album worth spending time with, even dead sober."
RapReviews.com,75,"A.L.L.A flows well from track to track; its well sequenced but long at 18 songs and more than an hour."
XXL,73,"While it may not always work out in his favor, the high points here far outweigh the lows, and the takeaway from At.Long.Last.A$AP should be that Rocky is on his way to something even better once he finds his footing."
PopMatters,70,"At.Long.Last.A$AP takes the gritty East Coast classicism and syrup-drippin' Houston screwiness of his killer 2013 debut, Long.Live.A$AP, and adds an extra level of psychedelic sprawl via a newfound taste for acid."
HipHopDX,70,"Clearly, its also a druggy album, and the highs are high--noticeably on L$D, whose stunning production turns from submerged to soaring, the jiggy Excuse Me, and the sexy, aforementioned Westside Highway, which has A.L.L.A.s only hummable hook. Despite those peaks, the overall tone is more despondent."
Pitchfork,60,"As a collected body of work At.Long.Last.A$AP is far from dreadful, but taken as a whole it lacks the elements of depth and star quality that--having set the bar incredibly high with his debut--many expect from A$AP Rocky."
XXL,60,"If there are few lyrical miracles in these scattershot songs obsessed with sex, drugs and shopping, in this intuitive stylists mouth the words themselves are often beside the point."
HipHopDX,60,"Its a clarification--leveraging an assemblage of evocation, of presentation, perhaps of curation, but one thats built from the fragments of the most beautifully uninteresting bits of whats contemporary."
Exclaim,60,"The strength of A.L.L.A is when Rocky dodges the conventional diss tracks and instead tells his story without any strings attached."
RapReviews.com,50,"If Live. Love. A$AP. was the start of Rockys trip, then At. Long. Last. A$AP. makes for one hell of a disappointing comedown."
RapReviews.com,50,"Even if we were to give ALLAs abysmal lyrics a pass, the production doesn't help, either.... Still, Rocky can, at times, be an engaging figure that radiates charisma when he wants."
The 405,40,"Akin to scrolling down a Tumblr dashboard, A.L.L.A as a whole lacks coherence but features some impressive displays of aestheticism."
Exclaim,40,"At.Long.Last.A$AP is an unfocused, overlong slog of an album."

HipHopDX,80,"A listen will be worth your time."
Pitchfork,80,"File this one next to C-Murder's Truest $#!@ I Ever Said as it's a gripping prison album that is embracing freedom upon its release, but know that this is a much more polished effort."
Record Collector,80,"The realest, most honest rap album in recent memory."
Boston Globe,80,"The end result is an album that is as much a wild party as it is brutally honest."
Exclaim,75,"Boosie might not be at their [Michael Jackson and Marvin Gaye] caliber yet, but for this moment in American life and hip-hop, he's as visceral a voice as we're going to get."
HipHopDX,74,"The record isn't the home run Boosie probably needs. It could stand to be trimmed a bit."
RapReviews.com,70,"A pleasant surprise."
Resident Advisor,70,"The 19-track album drags a bit in its latter half, but Boosie smartly saves its emotional climax for the devastating closer, 'I'm Sorry,' on which he apologizes one by one to everyone he neglected during his prison bid."
PopMatters,70,"His latest album loads several compelling rounds of rage and heartache, and no egregious duds (though 'Spoil You' really is pushing it)."
Pitchfork,50,"Boosie's attempts to remain commercially relevant in today's rap climate, however, makes the album a diluted draught of medicine and mediocre chart fodder. [Jul 2015, p.57]"

Clash Music,90,"Ratchet is one of the most purely pleasurable records Ive heard so far this year, and one of the strongest debuts in several years."
AllMusic,90,"Its an incredible album strewn with highlights obvious and sneaky, the rare debut that holds up the weight of its backstory, with the added brassiness of assuring us thats just him on the regular. Now we know."
XXL,89,"Ratchet gambles at every turn and comes up a major player."
AllMusic,88,"Ratchet refines the rawness of the EP only slightly, its punky minimalism echoing some of the outsider edginess evinced by early '90s house innovators such as Green Velvet."
Complex,83,"Ratchet isnt an unqualified triumph. But the album doesnt have to be perfect to be a success. Its highs are high enough that its lows can be forgiven, or forgotten entirely."
HipHopDX,83,"On Ratchet, an honest, earnest pop record, Shamir elaborates on the gutsy melodies of those early demos and singles and makes good on the hype."
RapReviews.com,80,"Mostly this debut sidesteps the freakish in favour of pop immediacy. [Jul 2015, p.113]"
Rolling Stone,80,"He projects a charismatic mix of youthful playfulness, cheeky confidence and naked vulnerability that would seem wasted on fun dance pop except that he does it so perfectly."
AllMusic,80,"[A] dazzling modern dance album. [Jun 2015, p.94]"
HipHopDX,80,"Dark, frenetic, and complicated, Ratchet is so thrilling because of its refusal to settle down."
Billboard.com,80,"It might have been nice to see a few more songs that had Northtowns slinky DNA, but Ratchet seems to be charting the birth of the star. His work also feels refreshingly modern."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Shamir might not be the most conventional of vocalists, and Ratchet might not be the perfect pop record On the Regular hinted it could have been, but this is still one of the most dazzling debuts of 2015."
Pitchfork,80,"His winking in-jokes and one-liners might have gotten the Internet's attention, but Ratchet wins you over when it reveals that this smart-aleck's got a beating heart too."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"n album of movement that reaches toward the sublime.... Ratchet meanders a bit near the end, but its haze also mirrors the slow awakening that marks the end of a night spent reaching for dance-floor ecstasy."
Complex,80,"Evolution will silence all but the omnivores, and Shamir has the right taste buds. But he also has a great voice, a stunning countertenor that some have mistaken for female."
Exclaim,80,"Shamir's marriage of club-pop and dance music is striking, if hardly revolutionary on the surface. But the devil-may-care ease with which he plays with his sexuality and dances through the drama pushes the record into the sublime."
Complex,80,"Ratchet is a fully realized, entertaining portrait of an artist who knows where he's from and where he's going."
HipHopDX,80,"Ratchet is instantly likeable and oh so infectious. A great pop album through and through, there's enough here to keep you dancing all through the summer."
The Source,80,"In a year thats seen the heavyweights of the industry fannying about with abstract release plans and bickering over streaming services, Shamir has swept through and delivered a record that schools every one of them in the art of purest pop."
Pretty Much Amazing,80,"Shamir is unquestionably the star, but the interplay between artist and producer is palpable; its a musical match made in heaven (or, perhaps, hell: Sylvester has likened his role to the relationship between the poet Virgil and his protagonist Dante), and the finest moments here have Sylvester providing the trampoline for Shamir to bounce on."
The A.V. Club,80,"This combination of pop and disco makes Ratchet the perfect summer soundtrack."
PopMatters,70,"Whether these throwaway future-pop numbers have staying power, however, is another matter. The zeitgeist is a fickle beast."
Complex,70,"Ratchet is an exciting first look at an artist in development."
Chicago Tribune,67,"Northtowns rising star proves his worth on Ratchet through his genre fluidity."
Paste Magazine,60,"He isn't operating in the same romantic vein as, say, Sylvester, one obvious predecessor--just delivering a healthy dose of real talk, set to clean cuts of vintage Chicago house grooves."
The 405,60,"Baileys refusal to be pigeonholed artistically is admirable, but frustrating."
Pitchfork,50,"This one needed longer in the incubator. [Jun 2015, p.81]"

Consequence of Sound,90,"Twenty One Pilots ramped up everything, from new influences to the number of producers (four) to the metric ton of uncertainties and fears multiplying in frontman/songwriter Tyler Josephs cranium. And its wonderful."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Twenty One Pilots prove you don't always need guitars to have a good time. [16 May 2015, p.54]"
XXL,70,"One of the more intriguing albums of the year, because emotion isn't really a quantifiable trait. In this case, it's best to simply listen and find out which side of the fence you're on."
The Guardian,67,"Not the clever cut of 2013's Vessel, but still airborne."
HipHopDX,60,"The result is an album that doesn't quite reach the heights of Vessel, but nevertheless serves as evidence that one of pop's most daring duos isn't about to slow down--even if that means running into a few walls."

The Source,80,"I Miss Mikey speaks not only to Murs own deceased homies, but acts as an inspirational call to ignore fears of mortality in the face of death and leave a lasting mark. With Have A Nice Life, an album that will not only impress longtime admirers but newcomers as well, Murs should have no problem with that task."
Rolling Stone,80,"Every track here punches with a purpose."
Spin,70,"Some areas of this album [are] a little redundant."
Billboard.com,70,"While some may be upset that Murs isnt the unruly rapper he once was, hes managed to craft a project that remains true while growing up enough to talk about life in a radiant, maturity tinged glow."
Entertainment Weekly,63,"As a whole, Have a Nice Life stands as a decent collection of songs that, while palatable, casually floats by in a sea of average beats by Jesse Shatkin, who produced much of the album."

The Source,83,"[Snoop Dogg] deftly absorbs Pharell's energy, expanding his own cult of personality to the point that he eclipses almost everyone else along for the ride, including Stevie Wonder and Gwen Stefani. [15 May 2015, p.56]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"While the rappers who also contribute to the album aren't out of place, the journey you take with Snoop and Pharrell feels a bit over capacity with their addition. [Jun-Jul 2015, p.88]"
Uncut,80,"Overall, Bush is a fun and enjoyable listen from start to finish with the albums retro imagery brought to life by Snoop Dogg and his slick persona."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"Accept Bush as a delayed dank disco triumph, and then drop it like it's hot, one more time."
NOW Magazine,80,"Bush is a high five of an album, made for hydraulic cars and throbbing dancefloors, delivered, in typical Snoop style, as if from a fur-lined throne overlooking a pool party."
XXL,80,"Business as usual, in this case, is no bad thing."
Los Angeles Times,75,"The drawbacks to Bush are few and far between though, and even these complaints are more like minor annoyances."
New Musical Express (NME),75,"Even though Bush looks backward, it proves he is once again ahead of his time."
Exclaim,70,"All in all, Bush is another consistent release from Snoop to add to his portfolio, with enough freshness to still be spinning his name in the clubs."
AllMusic,70,"It may not be the most ambitious of albums and Snoop Dogg possibly spends more time singing than actually rapping, but the end result will ensure that he remains as relevant as ever."
Boston Globe,70,"Snoop takes a surprising back seat, singing low in the mix and seldom rapping--an odd decision, but it works and when Bush is good, its an absolute joy."
Billboard.com,70,"Aside from Run Away, none of the tracks on Bush are utter drag-and-recycle-bin drop material, the album is a surprising letdown from two legendary artists who have (literally) a platinum track record."
HipHopDX,70,"From the moment opening track 'California Roll' hits its 'Drop It Like It's Hot'-ish bass line, Bush is a pleasant stroll down memory lane."
The 405,65,"While Bush is strong enough musically, you cant help but wonder what wouldve happened if this crew had followed R&G with a full-length a decade ago, when everyone involved was still in his prime."
The Guardian,60,"There isnt anything outright offensive to the senses, but if you are a bit of curmudgeon Bush might strike you as a little corny."
Complex,60,"It's a quick listen, clocking in at less than 45 minutes, and the 10 tracks are laid-back--perhaps too much."
The New York Times,60,"For the most part, Bush is another re-hashed and tweaked Snoop album. It is expanding into new territory, but delivering the same result."
The Telegraph (UK),50,"As tame as Bushs formula is, there are times when it works."
Pitchfork,40,"William's slick pop-R&B effectively smothers Snoop's signature drawl. [Jul 2015, p.113]"
RapReviews.com,40,"All of the things that made Snoop Snoop--his effortless, laconic flow, clever wordplay, and narrative skills--are almost completely absent."

Consequence of Sound,90,"The production is exquisite. A lush, cosmopolitan collection of sounds spread out and allowed to coalesce. The album is quiet, subtle and monastic."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"Oddisee is a hyper-eloquent, charismatic rapper, and this album is buoyed with lyrical wit and lush instrumentation. [Jul 2015, p.57]"
Rolling Stone,80,"Oddisee makes good music that deals with real life issues with wisdom and humility. Oddisee is not only fighting 'The Good Fight,' he's winning."
Spin,80,"If theres an elegant groove hiding in a lost soul record, Oddisees found it, from the horns of Contradictions Maze to the bells of Counter-Clockwise."
Clash Music,80,"He may be prolific, but he certainly isn't spread too thin, as The Good Fight is inspired, infectious, and artistically grand."
Mojo,80,"Oddisee challenges uninitiated music lovers to engage with his ideas and his formidable body of work."
Tiny Mix Tapes,73,"The Good Fight is a streamlined reminder to ignore the restraints. Great music is great music, no matter where it comes from."
DIY Magazine,60,"He's more class than charisma. [Jul 2015, p.111]"

PopMatters,80,"From thunderous Mafioso fable 'Live To Die' to A$AP Rocky-starring calypso riot 'I Got Money' via Snoop Dogg collab '1,2 1,2', the Chef's steely signature East Coast flow has seldom sounded more imperious."
Pretty Much Amazing,70,"1 and 2 and lack the incentive and inspiration even great rappers need to make great albums, but it's an impressive compendium of what Shallah Raekwon is capable of."
The Quietus,70,"More fine than fierce, Fly International Luxurious Art may not be on the man's top shelf, but it's a sturdy and entertaining effort well worth its place in the Chef's catalog."
Fact Magazine (UK),70,"Rae is an absorbing enough writer to keep F.I.L.A. afloat. He does a good job of sizing up an unquantifiable horror: being too embedded to relinquish ones bloodletting past ways."
DJ Booth,70,"At times the style itself feels like a copy of Raes hits instead of an organic creation, but The Chef does a good job of balancing the radio-friendly Rap with material his diehard fans crave."
AllMusic,67,"For all its unintended sonic drawbacks, Fly International Luxurious Art goes a long way to remind everyone of why Raekwon is one of the greatest to ever wield a microphone."
XXL,67,"What F.I.L.A. lacks in overt emotional content is made up for with the pleasure Raekwon takes in listing off his lavish purchases and seemingly constant jet-setting."
HipHopDX,60,"Raekwons passion and well-crafted rhymes show hes still capable of creating high quality work as an MC, but F.I.L.A. is too disjointed to stand beside his best work."
Los Angeles Times,60,"FILA is not his monumental debut, Only Built 4 Cuban Linx, but it maintains the revival in form that began with its 2009 sequel. [Jun 2015, p.111]"
Pitchfork,60,"If a collaboration with Snoop Dogg, 1, 2 1, 2, exceeds expectations, it also reflects this records flaw: It needs more Raekwon."
Spin,60,"Some of the Nineties-style boom-bap beats sound a little on the cheap side, but this stands as a worthy addition to the decent-to-great output of Raekwon's past decade."
Billboard.com,60,"As befits its messy gestation, its a patchy affair."
Complex,60,"His sixth solo offering is a surprisingly mainstream jolly. [May 2015, p.97]"
The Wire,50,"Fly International Luxurious Art maintains some level of general interest through a stacked guest list, with visitors as varied as Snoop Dogg, A$AP Rocky, Busta Rhymes, and 2 Chains, but none of them do more than distract from the overall atmosphere of paltry unevenness."
Tiny Mix Tapes,50,"Fly International Luxurious Art is an often awkward and fumbling attempt to update Raekwons music."
Spin,40,"While the monster-sized guest spots and lyrics about larger-than-life luxury were intended to give the album an international flavour, the result is merely one of boring homogeneity."
Austin Chronicle,40,"Rae is prepped and, in his own focused, deliberate way, amped, but the production and arrangements are generally uninspired."

Chicago Tribune,80,"It may have been a little long for my liking, but that's a small price to pay for listening to something this remarkably unique."
Pretty Much Amazing,80,"Hes fully aware of who exactly he wants to be in hip-hop: a proud, raw, unapologetically Southern MC, something the games been missing. He really touches the country audience with the project, a genre hip-hop rarely reaches."
Pitchfork,70,"This roots-rap hybrid might appall rap purists, but its a striking improvement over 2011s messy, compromised Radioactive."
Q Magazine,70,"When Love Story is great, its when the unique pieces of Yelawolfs life discover similarly off-kilter spaces in which to manifest a new voice."
NOW Magazine,60,"Much of Love Story is tepid, but there are moments where Yela nails the singing/rapping combination."
Mojo,60,"Ask a Yelawolf regular for a listener's guide then split apart this purposeful beast accordingly."
Complex,60,"Your enjoyment of Love Story will directly correlate with the amount that you enjoy Yelawolfs singing, because boy howdy is there a lot of it here. If you respect Yelawolfs progression as a musician and wish him luck on his journey to artistic self-actualization, you will be pleased."
PopMatters,60,"Its solid momentum really fizzles out in the last few songs, making for a disappointing finale of an otherwise solid effort. Nonetheless, Love Story is a big step forward for the Slumerican affiliate."
PopMatters,60,"Yelawolf's populist ambitions haven't gone away--check the wave-your-lighter anthem 'American You'--but Love Story avoids sanding away all of his edges."
Slant Magazine,49,"Yelawolf sounds like he's just going through the motions instead of actually covering ground."

Boston Globe,84,"Thugs rapping itself, known for its unpredictability, is sharper than ever; his voice feels clarified, strengthened."
Billboard.com,80,"Barter 6 is an obvious, tight application of Thugs lawless style brought into the space of a linear album, letting his flow drip and collect in horizontal spaces, as opposed to being sharply crafted like in his iconic hits, Stoner, Danny Glover, and Lifestyle."
Los Angeles Times,80,"On its own merit; Barter 6 is the definitive mainstream strip club album of the modern era."
AllMusic,75,"Thugs entire approach to his music has never sounded so polished and potent as it sounds on Barter 6."
The 405,70,"Producers Wheezy and London on da Track handle most the beats on this freaky and fantastic release."
DIY Magazine,70,"Barter 6 does not have a comparable entry point. Instead, this album offers cohesion and unity, though maybe at the expense of the exciting, what-will-happen next feel of past mixtapes."
The Line of Best Fit,70,"On Barter 6, a rapper frequently dismissed as a druggie dance trapper inverts himself, yielding a passionate and personal record that's as insular as Earl's latest, but with charisma and color."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"It's cotton candy hip-hop that's enjoyable to consume but has no real substance."
Under The Radar,60,"The rapping isnt the problem, its his singing and eccentric sounds that leaves me with Van Gogh thoughts."
Exclaim,60,"Too often, it all sounds boastful and sad in the same moment, like a promising young fighter warning you he can hit so hard it doesn't matter if he's too messed up to form a fist."
Consequence of Sound,60,"Barter 6 eschews obvious hits for what feels like an attempt at crafting a cohesive work."
Rolling Stone,60,"Hooks are typically meant to stick, and after the infectious opening tracks, very little of Barter 6 does."
The Observer (UK),58,"Barter 6 feels like a step in the right direction rather than a destination, proof that Thugger can put together a complete package even if its less than adventurous."

Uncut,80,"An album whose sustained brilliance reveals both an artist liberated from the need to try too hard, and finally armed with more to express than sarcastic teenage angst. [Jun 2015, p.55]"
Alternative Press,80,"Juvenile shock tactics persist, but hes now channelling his puckish energy into some thrilling experiments and the more time-honoured hip-hop touchstones Tyler brings into the mix."
Kerrang!,80,"Cherry Bomb is his greatest achievement thus far, solidifying his place in the game, with or without the conspicuously absent Odd Future crew."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Cherry Bomb might be the tightest, leanest Tyler album yet."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Musically, he is maturing before our very eyes."
Billboard.com,70,"At the end of the day, I enjoy Cherry Bomb, both for it's misanthropic noise and for its funkier and jazzier sides."
XXL,70,"The Los Angeles MC-producer hasn't yet made a definitive record. Cherry Bomb isn't it either, but its chaos is invigorating. [Jul 2015, p.83]"
AllMusic,70,"Tyler's self-produced new one flows from the Neptunes tribute 'Deathcamp' to the summery whimsy of 'Find Your Wings.'"
RapReviews.com,70,"It takes patience to tag along, but hearing Tyler abandon shock for shocks sake to explore other sides of his oddness is a sign hes less interested in being raps Quentin Tarantino, and more its Wes Anderson."
HipHopDX,70,"If anything, the album is held back by his ambition--imprudent testing falls short of his usual standards. There are lessons to be learned here, and as a document of Tyler's growth, this may well be looked back upon as a watershed moment."
Pitchfork,70,"Returning customers who like Tyler the ringleader, or Tyler the producer, will find this to be too much of a good thing, and can embrace the free-form Cherry Bomb as another freaky trip worth taking."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Cherry Bomb is Tyler's greatest creation to date. However, the album is bit of a mess in the beginning, and while Tyler's grown immensely as a producer, his rapping isn't consistently up to par."
The Source,67,"Its hard to blame Tyler for indulging his whims. These songs work best when you throw out your own ideas about where they should go."
XXL,67,"His greatest strength has always been world-building, using a synth-heavy blitz of candy-colored jazz chords taken straight (sometimes blatantly so) from the Pharrell handbook. Cherry Bomb isnt exactly a hard left turn from this lane, but it is a quick swerve."
AllMusic,60,"Listen too close to the lyrics and you'll often detect a dispiritingly autopilot misanthropy.... Lose yourself in the music, though, and Cherry Bomb reveals a fevered charm. [Jul 2015, p.89]"
The Guardian,60,"Tyler makes a few more gestures toward maturity, cutting down the lengthy screeds and striking a better overall balance between sweetness and horror. But he continues to struggle to integrate his feelings into his material."
The Observer (UK),60,"While Cherry Bomb's low moments hold back the album's highlights, hopefully the high points are a sign of things to come."
RapReviews.com,60,"Musically, Cherry Bomb finds Tyler taking a step in the right direction by ever-so-slightly removing himself from the world of his early albums and mixtapes, but its only a half-measure."
Los Angeles Times,60,"Cherry Bomb is both impressive in its ambition and absolutely stunning in its aimlessness, weaving countless genres into multi-part suites but still coming off undercooked in its entirety."
PopMatters,60,"There are certainly passages of music on Cherry Bomb as lovely as anything Tyler has created to date. Teenage kicks? The mosh-quotient is fairly low. Possibly the most fun you can have, as ever with Tyler, the Creator, is the joy of deconstruction as you try to work out what the brilliant Mr Okonma is trying to say."
musicOMH.com,58,"For all their blown-out abrasion, though, Tylers harder tracks never dazzle the way Wests industrial experiments did. They merely cloy."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"Moments of souled-out bliss are only temporary, pushed aside by jarring, more aggressive fare reportedly stemming from his interest in the music of Death Grips.... These louder tracks are done no favours by the process by which they were engineered: compressed and distorted in a fashion that leaves Tyler's vocals largely inaudible."
HipHopDX,40,"Top-loaded with impenetrable stabs at noise-rock-infused rap, Cherry Bomb is a frustrating exhibition of musicality mired in Tyler, the Creator's contrary sensibility."

Rolling Stone,100,"They manage the rare feat of melding pop and politics into a potent mix, and continue a tradition--begun by the likes of Smith & Mighty, Tricky and Massive Attack--of reinterpreting pop, hip-hop and soul through the filter of black British life."
Pitchfork,90,"Its more immediate, more instantly gratifying and more technically proficient, but there are also dark, difficult corners which hint at hidden terror."
Complex,90,"White Men Are Black Men Too is a perfect storm of influences and talent that make for an unforgettable album."
Billboard.com,90,"Ultimately, there is no getting away from the fact that WMABMT is a remarkable album. In fact, it is hard to think of anything else quite like it."
Drowned In Sound,90,"Without any context, White Men sounds like it could have been made at any time in the last few decades, it simply defies general tags (both in time and genre)."
Consequence of Sound,90,"Genuine, life-affirming innovation is hard to come by, but you recognise it when it asks more questions than it gives answers. I challenge you to find an album that's less intended for straight-up consumption."
Q Magazine,85,"Young Fathers had nothing to prove in 2015, which makes White Men Are Black Men Too such a start to finish joy to listen to. Even the tail end of the record is packed with surprises."
Boston Globe,80,"What most impresses is its warmth, dynamism and unforced difference. [Jun 2015, p.84]"
HipHopDX,80,"White Men Are Black Men Too places Young Fathers firmly alongside Suede, Dizzee Rascal and Arctic Monkeys in the pantheon of those whose post-Mercury follow-ups confirm they know exactly where they're going and aren't going to let winning a modest prize distract them. [May 2015, p.88]"
The Wire,80,"No musical ghetto here as White Men Are Black Men Too suggests Young Fathers are quintessentially ahead of their time, even when their music is tight, attractive, and vital enough to be enjoyed today."
RapReviews.com,80,"Mad and all-consuming, this is music for disillusioned youth with enough wry wordplay to back it up. In all its angst and menace, you can't help but feel liberated."
Boston Globe,80,"This album flips that fail-state on its head courtesy of being 39 minutes of utterly triumphant fusion pop. Everyone should hear this."
AllMusic,80,"The LP is the groups most enjoyable, but also their most potent, all the more menacing for its unlikely grinning."
Exclaim,80,"Young Fathers' alarm at being boxed in has led them to make an uncompromising, and, yes, prize-worthy pop statement."
Pitchfork,80,"On first listen its a disparate amalgam of sounds, but a couple of plays in, what becomes more apparent is the mellow singing, the catchy melodies and a sense of playfulness."
Q Magazine,80,"Its chaos, the most extreme kind of hybrid imaginable. With that freedom, they sound more excitable and progressive than ever, like theyre chasing a pot of gold that contains endless truths."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"The sound is raw, yet dense and intense, each track a microdrama of shifting textures and competing motifs. [May 2015, p.113]"
RapReviews.com,70,"The album won't win many new fans, but for those already clued in it supplies a fresh batch of engaging, abstract production and, especially in the meat of 'Old Rock n Roll', a few meals' worth of food for thought."
AllMusic,70,"If White Men really recalls anything, its those early TV On The Radio records made before Dave Sitek had figured out what he was doing--and you can take that as a sincere compliment."
Spin,68,"Its triumphant music for the hyperactive, plural city; its confrontational as a means to achieving communality, with no particular loyalties except to an anonymous, shifting collective of people who all want the same thing as Young Fathers--to be one thing, then the next, then the next."
HipHopDX,60,"Yet for all its exuberant DIY spirit, Young Fathers songs sound like another bunch of interesting demos, full of passion, spontaneity and left-field inspiration, but too often failing to really nail the song or message down."
The A.V. Club,58,"The band fails to make a significant statement of their immediate necessity with this sophomore effort."

Consequence of Sound,79,"Curren$y may not do 'new,' but he is very good at what he does: riffing on cars, money, women, weed, and obscure moments from television shows."
XXL,75,"Theres virtually nothing not to like about Pilot Talk III. Like other Curren$y releases, it makes up for its lack of revelations with a contagious joyfulness."
Q Magazine,70,"As the third installment of Spittas aircraft-themed series, Pilot Talk 3 finds the NOLA sky captain delivering a familiar set of luxury rap fairytales upon which hes built a quietly impressive career."
Boston Globe,70,"While other artists are constantly on the prowl for the latest trend that will keep their names relevant, Spitta never ventures out of his own lane, and yet, his latest material never seems to spoil."

Rolling Stone,80,"While Ludacris name may miss several Best Rapper Alive lists, he never fails to deliver on each album. If Ludaversal is a reminder that he hasnt fallen off lyrically, the game should pay attention."
The Observer (UK),70,"This is a welcome, snarling, and satisfying return."
Mojo,60,"The problem Ludacris faces is that both sides of him are great to listen to but it inevitably restricts him from making the cohesive magnum opus his career deserves."
Slant Magazine,60,"It's a microcosm for the muddled thinking that holds Ludaversal back."
Complex,60,"The party anthems (Lit Up) arent as convincing as they once were, yet his star producers mostly serve him well; only David Guetta steers him wrong."
PopMatters,60,"His seemingly unshakeable integrity and forthright spirit in music making shrouds Ludaversal in serious tones, marking a stark departure from the Georgia emcees status quo, making this one a novel and welcome addition to his catalog."
NOW Magazine,60,"There's a thin line between owning up to the voracious hunger needed to reach a new level of fulfillment and being trapped by the desperation to regain a title that is no longer his. Ludaversal finds itself somewhere in between."
DJ Booth,60,"On his first album since 2010, he's still the same elastically flowing shout-rap dirty bird.... At 37, Luda also indulges in some dad-rap introspect."
XXL,60,"The bum-outs outnumber the bangers by a decisive ratio on Ludaversal, but that speaks to the rapper's comfort in straddling dissimilar topics."
Boston Globe,58,"Ludaversal offers little originality."
HipHopDX,53,"Despite production from current-day heavy hitters like Da Internz and Mike WiLL Made It, he still comes off like a relic from the past, the class clown who never quite grew up."

RapReviews.com,90,"Though radically different in execution, The Powers That B is a compelling look at the band's ability to work with sounds both minimal and monumental, while containing some of their most riveting lyrical and musical work in recent memory."
AllMusic,83,"By Death Grips standards, the first disc is significantly less dynamic than the second.... Jenny Death represents another step forward for Death Grips, a group that seems to have walked over the horizon and out of sight albums ago."
Spin,70,"Its far more interesting and hard-hitting, with bizarre hooks where you least expect.... Taken as a whole, The Powers That B (what a title, right?) suffers from the typical overlong-yet-undercooked double-album dilemma that makes it hard to imagine playing either side in a year that isnt 2015."
Complex,70,"The Powers That B is a collection of music explicitly without a thesis, and while thats fine, its harder to place in the scheme of things."
Rolling Stone,70,"The first disc (Niggas On The Moon) is not the finest thing Death Grips have ever put their name to.... However, the second half, Jenny Death, is better. A lot better."
Pitchfork,60,"The Bjrk-based art piece works better when consumed as album number two."

Pitchfork,80,"The Album About Nothing has an infectious, feel-good vibe with an undeniable cohesiveness."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"[The] few missteps evince the fact that Wale is finding himself again, treading through the high waters to realize his ambitions. And to that end, The Album About Nothing does more than enough."
HipHopDX,75,"The soulful production, harnessing plenty of live instrumentals, mixes well with the lingering hints of MMG production."
Pretty Much Amazing,70,"Although Wale's got so much to say, he often says it over the same tempo, and if it weren't for 'The Girls on Drugs' (rescued from another Seinfeld-themed mixtape, Festivus) and a couple other kicking moments, the musical spectrum here would be narrow. Still, it's a minor complaint as The Album About Nothing is bigger, bolder, and better than expected."
AllMusic,70,"Wale uses Seinfeld's advice not just as a gimmick but as a jumping-off point."
Billboard.com,70,"The Album About Nothing is his most personal piece of work to date, and also his best. That hair-trigger sensitivity can be off-putting, but it's also what makes him good at what he does."
Complex,70,"The second half of The Album About Nothing is a bit more hit-and-miss than the opening seven tracks."
RapReviews.com,60,"When Wale showcases his growth in being able to link his classic skillset with modern content, the album unequivocally succeeds. However, in attempting to placate current mainstream tastes, he falls short of the album being the unique and iconic success of the mixtape that truly launched his career to another level five years ago."
DJ Booth,54,"Nothing is a long album, with one cut coming in over the six-minute mark, and when it is sludgy, it is exhausting."
Rolling Stone,50,"Throughout, Wale captures the weight of facing criticism and prejudice, of being an outsider looking in. Unfortunately, all that weight sinks his ambition as often as it lends his words impact."

NOW Magazine,91,"These radio-ready tunes announce one of the funniest, most joyously profane MCs working. [3 Apr 2015, p.61]"
Spin,85,"Though Bronson does try new things on his first major-label outing, he still includes his characteristic lyrical qualities along with elements from past releases. In a sense, he's re-introducing himself."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Through it all, Bronson balances brutish punch lines with a stunning wit, and tempers his lust for world travel and opulence with self-deprecating jokes, and yet, Mr. Wonderful is still just a tad too big and busy for the newcomer."
The Wire,80,"Aside from a few problematic miscues, the majority of Mr. Wonderful can be maneuvered without the skip button in tow."
The Observer (UK),80,"It's the rare rap album that actually rewards its mixtape following."
XXL,80,"Mr. Wonderful isnt everything for everybody, but it seems to belong completely to Bronson."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Its the rare major-label debut that trusts the artists aesthetic enough to not tamper with it."
HipHopDX,75,"This is a dynamite album, which is to be expected from someone so prolific and well-liked, but it isnt the best album Action couldve made."
RapReviews.com,75,"Self-aware in all of the right ways and delightfully crass in all of the wrong ones, Mr. Wonderful is ultimately a bit of a lark, but it is also far more enjoyable, far more self-aware, and far wittier than it needed to be."
Uncut,70,"With Action Bronson, he's continuously put out solid bodies of work, whilst never compromising his character. Mr. Wonderful may not be the strongest debut he could've released, but for a rapper that probably doesn't measure his ability by studio albums, neither should we."
Rolling Stone,70,"Mr. Wonderful may not come off as the sweeping epic its coda hints at, but its an entertaining and unique experience that only Bronson could give us. Few rap albums can be this different and still satisfying."
Boston Globe,70,"Mr. Wonderful is a solid offering from a guy who consistently puts out quality music."
Clash Music,70,"Like any colourful kaleidoscope however, there's a lack of cohesion on this debut, as varying production clashes throughout the disorganized project. That's a minor quibble, though; if you look closely, and let the visuals clash and morph into something new, you'll still find plenty to wonder at."
AllMusic,70,"On the album's best tracks ('Terry,' 'The Rising'), he sounds like he's rapping from the corner table of a smoky social club."
Complex,69,"Its unclear what Ronson is doing on this project, and his appearances just add to an often-disjointed flow of the record. But some of the finer production on the record merits praise."
Consequence of Sound,63,"What follows is a musical of sorts wedged into the gut of the album.... This digression is conceptually ambitious, but the execution seems to purposefully undercut the exercise, as if the suite was the result of an argument between a devil on one shoulder and an angel on the other about what the album should accomplish that was won by neither."
Pitchfork,60,"There's no denying Bronson is a supreme talent, but Mr. Wonderful feels more like a low-stakes failed experiment than a grand proclamation."

Mojo,100,"Thebe Neruda Kgositsile (as his mum knows him) has as intuitive a grasp of how to punctuate a thought process with musical trigger points as any rapper in history."
Slant Magazine,89,"Earl Sweatshirt finally reconciles those influences and the voices inside his own head on sophomore effort I Don't Like Shit, I Don't Go Outside."
The 405,83,"Hes stripped his simultaneously fascinating and off-putting style down considerably without diluting its effect, jettisoning the loopy abstractions and lurid detail of Doris in favor of a commanding iciness."
PopMatters,83,"This album is perfect for those days when you just want to keep to yourself, when you feel like no one can be trusted. It's for anyone who has ever had the desire to forget their responsibilities and just make some damn music."
Spin,83,"At just under a half hour, its even more understated than its predecessor, with fewer guests, almost no outside producers, less variety--less everything, really. That may sound like a downgrade, but its not, since here the anti-spectacle becomes a kind of spectacle of its own, as Earl tests how far his music can retreat into itself."
The Guardian,80,"IDLSIDGO is monumental in its willingness to just be a great rap album. [May 2015, p.59]"
The A.V. Club,80,"This portrait of the artist might be a gloomy, oppressive one but its grimly fascinating nevertheless."
Exclaim,80,"I Don't Like Shit is heavy and lacks much hope, and yet it communicates these feelings with such skill and artful understanding that it still fills the soul."
NOW Magazine,80,"I Don't Like Shit, I Don't Go Outside is an exceptionally realised and meaningful work from an artist looking well beyond turn up culture in the pursuit of something deeper and longer lasting."
The Guardian,80,"Here, he ratchets that up another notch, attacking familiar concepts (wantonly commercial rappers, his complicated relationship with his mother, the push and pull of celebrity) with seasoned vigour."
Drowned In Sound,80,"A bleakly beautiful collection of compelling brevity, and while it exercises several demons across its ten tracks, it remains very much possessed by a singular spirit: that of an artist continuing to rise, even if he has to dig down uncommonly deep before springing past his peers."
Exclaim,80,"I Don't Like S#%! sees Earl continuing to mature and grow as an artist."
musicOMH.com,80,"Nothing is forced in his rhymes; his lyricism is so dense and acrobatic that his freestyle vibe is all the more impressive."
PopMatters,80,"Not only does it reinforce that Earl is a capable lyricist, but that hes growing his legs as a producer. Its also an album where you can tell the artist found his voice, finally overcoming the pressures of expectation."
The 405,80,"The album staggers by quickly, making it easy to miss a lacerating line here or clever double entendre there. In that respect, it lends itself well to multiple listens."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"In honest and raw fashion, Earl Sweatshirt unmasks both sides of success."
Uncut,80,"[A] taut, very good sophomore studio album."
Mojo,80,"His self-expression is supported by an album mostly produced by him (a.k.a.. randomblackdude) and Left Brain, where the entire production is minimal, dark and contains rare interludes. It's the glue that holds all his confessions and retrospective bars together."
AllMusic,80,"Theres usually only so much of the Odd Future aesthetic one can take before the darkness becomes overwhelming, and so a sub-40 minute runtime is perfect. Never in any danger of overstaying his welcome, Kgositsile shows an overall maturity on Outside that suggests great things in his future."
Clash Music,80,"On an album as free of frill as it is of gimmicks, Earl Sweatshirt lets his music stand on its own merits."
The Quietus,80,"Earl is carefully whittling away at the proclivities he's always had, remaining confident that hell light upon something that feels fresh and honest. So far, he's right."
Spin,76,"There's a fair bit of tension in his rhymes and it works for him. Earl upholds a dangerous, unpredictable presence--when he slurs step into the shadows, we can talk addiction in Grief there aren't many who would take up the offer--but at times he holds himself wide open."
NOW Magazine,75,"This album is about self-realization, unbarred honesty, and the act of becoming transparent to those around you. Earl is stepping up by letting his guard down when trapped in the walls of his mind."
The Observer (UK),75,"Within these sparse, Rothko-esque works the artist dedicates deep, unflinching energy to documenting and hopefully exorcising his woes (or at least understanding them), delivering lines with wondrous cadence, zipping with a sing-song musicality that illuminates what surrounds it."
DIY Magazine,70,"I Don't Like Shit may be a master class in ominous mood-setting and a cutting excavation of a wounded psyche, but it also reveals that Earl is at his best when he engages the outside world rather than getting mired in his own emotional claustrophobia."
Q Magazine,70,"It's amazing that music so claustrophobic can be this engrossing."
Sputnikmusic,70,"It's clearer now than ever that Earl Sweatshirt doesn't care for your expectations, and that he's at his brilliant best when refusing to cater to them."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Im almost certain that this project wont be as critically or commercially as successful across the board as Doris was. But I doubt Earl really cares; the art comes first, and as a result, Earls produced an album thats concise, consistent and cerebral."
Pitchfork,60,"The little dude is a poet. Still, at a relatively lean 30 minutes, its hard to argue this is a heavyweight album."
The Telegraph (UK),60,"Self-produced almost entirely under the moniker RandomBlackDude, I Dont Go Outside is a minefield of gloomy thumpers. Nothing stands out to the point of distinction sonically, but that might be the point."
Consequence of Sound,60,"At 10 songs that span barely 30 minutes, this album is so terse it makes Nass Illmatic seem like Infinite Jest. And often it can feel as if Earl Sweatshirt is rapping his dense syllabic tumbles with his back facing the microphone, which is perplexing, since few rappers love the sound of sticky syllables as much as he does."

Pitchfork,100,"This is an important--a very important--piece of work that will stand the test of time. Its also an utter blast to listen to and live with."
Consequence of Sound,100,"Stepping upward into the macro, the album's landmark achievement lies in Kendrick Lamar's elevation of hip-hop into subtle invisibility, his blackness not exclusively tied to the rapper image."
Complex,100,"Its precisely those confrontational lyrics that make To Pimp A Butterfly an unforgettable album."
HipHopDX,100,"[A] bravura masterpiece. There is no sugar rush of digital synthetic beats and radio-friendly hooks. This is a dense, intricate mesh of free-flowing jazz, deep Seventies funk and cut-up hip hop with a verbose, hyper-articulate rapper switching up styles and tempos to address contemporary racial politics in a poetic narrative built around a long dark night of the soul."
XXL,100,"Lamars earnestness and charisma never waver; as much as he owes to his predecessor, the clearest antecedent for Butterfly isnt Pac but rather peak Prince. Lamar operates in the same boldly visionary idiom as the Purple One, expanding the boundaries of the hip-hop empire and daring other aspirants to the throne."
AllMusic,100,"Rather, it is not a rap album; it is the absolute rap album. There is craft here (and in fact this is the most musical mainstream rap record since Aquemini) but just enough room for it."
RapReviews.com,100,"Calling the album ambitious doesnt capture the order of magnitude with which Lamar has expanded his scope, as he moves from the singular to the plural without ever straying from the personal."
Clash Music,100,"As a project that's substantially left-field in good kid m.A.A.d city's wake, To Pimp A Butterfly will almost inevitably receive more acclaim from critics than fans. Kendrick clearly wasn't focused on retaining the considerably large audience he attracted with its predecessor, and the album's stronger for that. Proving that he'll keep us guessing for years to come, Kendrick has truly solidified his place in rap history with this album."
Boston Globe,100,"While Lamars extended metaphor of a caterpillar turning into a butterfly begs for greater self-knowledge and transcendence. That bit might get old quickly. The rest wont."
HipHopDX,100,"To Pimp a Butterfly requires an extra commitment. Even the most casual attention to the lyrics can unveil the complexity of Lamars critique of institutional racism, consumer capitalism, hip-hop culture, justice, and his own choices as an artist, as a black man, and as a human being."
Exclaim,100,"Kendrick cant be Pac or know everything it took to be him, but he isnt going to let doubts stop him from making groundbreaking music. With To Pimp a Butterfly, its never been more apparent that hes doing just that and prepared to stride past any and all obstacles."
Rolling Stone,100,"Lstenability is the difference between the majesty of this 79-minute behemoth on paper, and the songs it needs to succeed. So let's give it up to the astounding thicket of music here, the best-produced rap since the dawn of Drake."
Billboard.com,100,"To Pimp A Butterfly is a veritable feast for thought--and there are simply too many loaded couplets and unrelenting sonic fakeouts to be unpacked within the confines of a single review."
Consequence of Sound,100,"Lamar sounds simultaneously like a man firing on all cylinders and struggling to keep it together."
Pitchfork,100,"To Pimp A Butterfly is ambitious in its attempt to inspire a generation to change the world for the better and poignant enough to actually do so."
Exclaim,100,"Though not quite as instantly catchy as its predecessor, it expands on its widescreen musical reach and introspective intensity, and sharpens the political perspective until it draws blood."
Pretty Much Amazing,100,"It's an album meant to be lived with for a long time--one of the few recent hip-hop thats built to last."
Spin,94,"Every song possesses a distinctive identity, a different color fleshed out by its instrumentation. And the lyrical wonders Lamar works on top of all this is even more worthy of praise."
PopMatters,93,"Lamars new album, To Pimp a Butterfly, doesnt explicitly bill itself as a movie like good kid, m.A.A.d city did, but the network of interlocking dramas explored here feels filmic nonetheless, and a variety of characters appear across the albums expanse."
musicOMH.com,91,"On Lamars longer, denser, and even richer follow-up To Pimp A Butterfly, he stops holding the listeners hand."
AllMusic,90,"Lamar offers a commitment to effect change through the work itself. Whether or not that's realistic ideal the delivery is so powerful it's hard not to get caught up in  the rapture. [May 2015, p.50]"
XXL,90,"Each song means more with reference to the project's overall concept than it does as a standalone record, which shouldn't take away from its impact, but rather speak of the courage of its creator. [Apr-May 2015, p.87]"
Exclaim,90,"A genuine 2015 classic. [Jun 2015, p.77]"
RapReviews.com,90,"To Pimp a Butterfly is as dark, intense, complicated, and violent as Picasso's Guernica, and should hold the same importance for its genre and the same beauty for its intended audience."
AllMusic,90,"Where good kid was a perceptive look at Lamars adolescence in a small part of Los Angeles, Butterfly is a weary assessment of his adulthood, and a world thats bigger, more complex, and more flawed that he knew. If the albums share anything, its that theyre both cinematic. But the movie Lamar is shooting now puts the current era into a more fitting frame."
Rolling Stone,90,"To Pimp a Butterfly is Lamar firmly embracing his place at the pulpit, looking into himself and out into the world simultaneously, and using his influence to paint a powerful, enduring picture of the black American experience. He's ringing the bell, letting us all know that the chickens are coming home to roost."
Billboard.com,90,"It is an album that both looks back and innovates."
Complex,90,"At brief points Lamar does err on the side of self-indulgence, but for the most part his grandiosity is matched by his talent. A worthy follow up to its platinum-selling predecessor, To Pimp A Butterfly stands as a fearless and uncompromising manifestation of Lamar's desire to push the culture of rap forwards--a crusade that's as much in his blood as the city of Compton."
HipHopDX,90,"The urge to greet the commercial and artistic triumph of a major league debut hip-hop album with a subversive stiff-arm on sophomore efforts has notable precedents in De La Soul's De La Soul Is Dead and Digable Planets' Blowout Comb, but few have been as audaciously challenging and heavily layered as Lamar's To Pimp A Butterfly, which will likely be one of 2015's most discussed, dissected and debated album releases, regardless of genre."
Pitchfork,90,"The result is a really excellent album: uncompromising, thoughtful, and with enough buried complexities to keep people arguing for years to come."
Consequence of Sound,90,"To Pimp a Butterfly is a densely packed, dizzying rush of unfiltered rage and unapologetic romanticism, true-crime confessionals, come-to-Jesus sidebars, blunted-swing sophistication, scathing self-critique and rap-quotable riot acts."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"Tidy this album isn't, but like There's a Riot Goin' On or the distended jams of One Nation Under a Groove, the uncompromising messiness is the point. The focused and fervent anger, politics, cosmic knowledge, and above all unshakable self-doubt is the point too."
RapReviews.com,90,"Its a rare record that gives us a call to action, something to act on after the beats drop out and were left in silence."
AllMusic,90,"With all its superfly flourish and talk of Willie Lynch, Butterfly is heady and ambitious, if not unprecedented as subject matter."
XXL,90,"This record is so expansive that it's tough to wrestle into shape, even as it overflows with wit, smarts and a masterful skill of the language and phrasing."
Spin,90,"There won't be another album in 2015 with so much of the artist invested in it: mind, body and soul."
HipHopDX,90,"To Pimp a Butterfly defies easy listening, but it's deeply rewarding."
Billboard.com,88,"Few rap albums are this smart, this detailed, and this concerned with its culture. It's the kind of record that could easily collapse under its own weight, but is repeatedly hoisted up by the impenetrable musical foundations."
Consequence of Sound,80,"It's a challenging, ambitious combination of words and music that becomes increasingly absorbing over time. [Jun 2015, p.103]"
Pretty Much Amazing,80,"Rich in sonic detail  la 90s Outkast, 00s Roots and present day Flying Lotus (whose fluid bassist Thundercat performs another star turn), Lamar undercuts his densely layered messages with acerbic ruminations on his newfound celebrity status that may prove polarising, but are never less than enthralling."
The 405,80,"Time will tell whether in decades to come, To Pimp a Butterfly is still being spoken of in the same breath as the kind of epochal albums its currently being compared to, but for the moment, hes certainly achieved his aim in impressive style."
PopMatters,80,"On the evidence of To Pimp A Butterfly, Lamars work continues to place itself among the best."
Complex,80,"An album that, lacking the neatly redemptive arc of 'good kid, mAAd city', is also grand and slightly unwieldy."
Exclaim,80,"At its best, its a howling work of black protest art on par with Amiri Barakas incendiary play Dutchman, or David Hammonss moving decapitated hoodie In the Hood.... He hasnt outrun his tendency toward clutter. He is a dense rapper, and even though hes more at ease with the music now, he still runs the risk of suffocation."

Rolling Stone,85,"There is no chance of someone walking away from Eat, Pray, Thug similarly un-enlightened; the political suite, as mentioned above, is far too direct for that. What makes it unique, however, and uniquely Hima; to be specific, it's that it manages to be both obstinate and intelligent, outspoken but sly; one could not imagine anything but that rubber-and-sandpaper voice being as such."
Paste Magazine,80,"His solo debut is packed with syntax-mangling wordplay. [Apr 2015, p.95]"
Pitchfork,80,"Eat Pray Thug is 11 songs in 40 minutes with the most emotional moment, 'Flag Shopping,' up soon at track five, paving the way for the intense trilogy that closes: 'Al Q8a,' 'Suicide by Cop,' and 'Patriot Act.'"
NOW Magazine,80,"'Al Q8a,' Suicide by Cop,' and 'Patriot Act' live up to their provocative titles, dropping punch lines even Bill Maher would deem 'risky,' but those who disagree with the man's bullshit detector will have to give it up on his wordplay and layered arguments. Such uncompromising rhymes means Eat Pray Thug falls firmly in the category of 'ain't for everybody,' but that's the thrilling bit, as everything else about the album is alluring."
The Observer (UK),80,"There are more questions here than resolutions, making Eat, Pray, Thug a thinking person's record, but that's a good thing, especially now that he's speaking to his largest audience yet."
Austin Chronicle,75,"There are some poppier moments, but it's the grim realities that stick with you. [Apr - May 2015, p.89]"
Pretty Much Amazing,75,"Eat Pray Thug is nothing if not awkwardly paced (the forgettable braggadocio of Hubba Hubba Hima clumsily follows Home), but it does manage a rare feat in being at once Heems most personal and political work."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"Ultimately, though, Eat Pray Thugs many virtues outweigh its many imperfections. At some point, all the musics dissonance and divergence just makes it more vital and interesting."
The A.V. Club,70,"Eat Pray Thug is a remarkably moving opus condemning ethnocentricity and wallowing in relational grief."
The Wire,67,"The love songs on this record are nothing to shrug off, but Heems is at his best when hes politically charged. His messages are so strong that it seems strange to dilute them with pop songs."
Mojo,63,"Eat Pray Thug isnt lacking in ideas, just focus, and there are long stretches where its much harder to connect to Heems persona."
AllMusic,60,"Suri's clearly committed to losing his joke rapper image, and while this attempt is not consistently successful, the high points balance out the stumbles."

The 405,83,"The Fox hits first outing is at its best when it eschews goofy gangsta-isms like Drip Drop in favor of chest-thumping ballads (Conqueror) or stirring hip-hop soul revivals (What Is Love)."
NOW Magazine,65,"Empire is a wonder of absurd tricks and unforeseen turns, but the ultimate goal--rendering its music as something more than just a side platter to gripping TV--proves elusive."
The Quietus,60,"An album thats not as great as the shows success suggests."
RapReviews.com,60,"Few of the songs are worthy of life outside the context of Empire, yet it's impossible to imagine the program, an unequivocal hit, being half as appealing without them."
XXL,50,"The rap songs are dated and goofy as hell, but occasionally they're catchy enough. Luckily, Empire keeps a few true R&B greats on call for the love of musicality."
DJ Booth,40,"This soundtrack for the hottest show on TV could use more of the beat-you-with-a-broomstick fire of Taraji P. Henson's character."

The Guardian,80,"They still sound confident and all-conquering. [May 2015, p.103]"
Exclaim,80,"Blade of the Ronin has its own artistic ambitions that aren't duplicative of its predecessor, all resemblances notwithstanding. Vast Aire and Vordul Mega have shown on this record that, as a duo, they stand alone and aren't defined by their producer."
Spin,80,"Blade of the Ronins greatest success lies not in avoiding the commonplace, but rather in their commitment to pre-SDCC juvenilia, as well as to a more holistic sense of sincerity."
HipHopDX,80,"Blade isn't quite that esoteric or ambitious, just an adept, hour-long reminder of how 14 years ago these guys turned your average boom bap into elaborate fantasies of iron galaxies and screamed phoenixes."
PopMatters,80,"While he seems outshone by his flashier co-stars on much of Ronin at first, repeat listens find his well stoked lines smouldering for far longer than you'd think."
Boston Globe,70,"Blade of the Ronin comes shockingly close to the sound and the excitement of their 2001 effort The Cold Vein, and offers the same kind of combination of street knowledge and sweet punch lines, all delivered over rickety yet compelling beats."
Pitchfork,70,"Their prevailing operatic bleakness has barely changed in the intervening 14 years. [Jun 2015, p.72]"
Sputnikmusic,70,"It's not exactly pushing these MCs towards a new rap revolution, tapping the past and present but skipping predicting tomorrow, but it's consistently engaging without overpowering the stars of the show."
Consequence of Sound,70,"Blade of the Ronin is a dense collection of music. Fans of lyricism will appreciate the wordplay, as well as the contributions from artists like Elzhi and DOOM, among many others."
Los Angeles Times,67,"Even those who decided years ago that this album was going to be great will be hard-pressed to find a great rap record here, only a sporadically enjoyable one."
Slant Magazine,67,"Blade Of The Ronin is a well-crafted, entertaining, and moderately inspired follow-up that doesnt do justice to the fourteen-year wait, but it reimagines Can Ox as competent storytellers rather than progressive geniuses."
Rolling Stone,67,"While Blade of the Ronin doesnt double down on the trail-blazing vision of its predecessor, it is a more than capable sequel to a genre classic."
Clash Music,60,"They're indubitably human this time around. [Jun 2015, p.54]"
The Line of Best Fit,60,"Blade of the Ronin is a modest, dignified return for one of underground hip-hop fans long lost favorites. It wont be a memorable record, but for fans who have waited this long for something new, it provides."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"While Vast Aire and Vordul Mega rarely hit the heights of their former lyrical ingenuity, their stream-of-consciousness rapping style remains one of the most potent forces in hip-hop."
Complex,60,"While the sound has lost its edge, the MCs--Vast Aire in particular--still possess great verbal imagination."

The New York Times,84,"Over its 20 minutes, the EP pushes dance music through violent twists and turns until it becomes disorienting and startling."
Drowned In Sound,80,"His masterful way with configured elements provides the illusion of a story without dictating the narrative: Here, you decipher the tones and rhythms, and conjure your own ideas of good and evil."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Even at five tracks, Heterocetera is a strong, visceral electronic record that maintains its ambition and intensity from beginning to end."
No Ripcord,80,"Heterocetera is packed with writhing climaxes and blistering comedowns that leave you gasping without ever being able to forget who is behind them. Of course, confronting these contrasts remains a provocation on the artists part, but only ever in the best possible sense."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"Heterocetera is more than a worthy successor to Damsel in Distress--it's some of Lotic's most exciting music."

Entertainment Weekly,80,"Brava has a unique voice, one that's choppy, quirky, welcoming, and likely smells of blunts when it burps."
cokemachineglow,80,"A hazy, seductive blend of trap and techno, it feels like the soundtrack to a strip club in Paris' grittiest arrondissement."
Fact Magazine (UK),40,"As it stands, Brava is mostly just a reminder that Brodinski helped plant the seed but is perhaps not the right gardener to helpp it grow."
The 405,40,"A blunt genre deserves a blunt assessment so, for what it's worth: in reflecting his mixtape interests, Brodinksi is well on his way to mastering one of the year's most disposable albums."

