8,"I completely missed the storyline on first listen, but I love Deltron 3030, so I'm on board for a hip hop space opera.  Clipping does their usual thing with noise and Diggs' crazy fast flow, but there is a lot more singing on this album.  The vocals, which seem to be Diggs dubbed over himself in harmony, sound very reminiscent of slave gospel songs, which, given the plot, fits.
I thought it was great, and if you don't digg Clipping, it's different enough to maybe hold your attention.  High points are All Black, Long Way Away, and especially True Believer and A Better Place.",0,0,"Sep 16, 2016"
9,"So much to unpack in such a short album. The concept of this album is very extensive and detailed, both lyrically and sonically. This is a Brilliant album.",0,0,"Sep 15, 2016"
9,"such a haunting hip hop record. definitley my favorite from them since midcity...........................................................................",0,0,"Sep 10, 2016"
4,"The Sun's Tirade crosses a fine line away from traditional rap into new-age territory while holding on to some hip-hop character, but the album's obsession with emotional hood-centricity ultimately holds it back. Ghetto American feelings and pastimes are still valid, but they are not put in the context of the greater economic world order here. People expect more out of Top Dawg Entertainment and greater material from Isaiah Rashad at this point.",2,4,"Sep 10, 2016"
4,"Compared to Cilvia demo, this album is a huge step backwards. While there are moments of innovative and creative music, most of it is muddled together without any take off point. I've listened to this album about 5 times through now, and i wanted to love it because i think he is one of the best new artists, but i could not and remain highly disappointed.",1,3,"Sep 11, 2016"
10,"This, I believe, is Isaiah's TPAB moment, which is pretty impressive given the fact that this is his debut studio album. This album is full of meaningful lyrics, jazzy productions and great guest features. To Rashad fans, don't be dismayed from the first listen, you need to keep listening to the album in order to understand and enjoy it. The Sun's Tirade is not a vapid mainstream trap rap album like say Travis Scott 'Birds in the Trap', but a well developed , thoughtful hip hop album for those who want their rappers to tell a story they can relate too, not vapid lyrics like 'smoke some, drink some, pop one' or 'stroke my cactus' ala Travis Scott. Zaywop on the come up!",0,1,"Sep 13, 2016"
8,"When you're signed to TDE, you're expected to put out quality work, and I believe Isaiah came through with his debut album. One of the bigger concerns with his previous project was the lack of crisp production, and I think 'The Sun's Tirade' really steps it up when it comes to the quality in production. With that being said, I think the lyrical ability that we get from Isaiah on this project is not up to par with his EP. Yes there are many standout moments through the album, many that come in the first half, but I thought that 'Cilvia Demo' showcased Rashad's talents a lot more than his latest work, but I digress. I thought that the concepts and themes of most of the songs were very interesting, especially after these rough last couple of years for the fellow rapper. One of the biggest problems with this album for me though was all of the extra fat that was left on the track listing that didn't need to be there. While there are great topics expressed throughout the album, there are many instances where the same topics come up more than once to the point where it sounds like a broken record. On a more positive note though I believe that Isaiah delivers a very chill, smooth, and joyful project for his fans to enjoy. I believe listeners will enjoy the different type of production on this album compared to his other label-mates' projects, and if you have liked Isaiah in the past then you'll most likely enjoy him in this debut album. Those that love soothing production and dark topics will enjoy this album, but I think this is a middle-of-the-road project in the TDE discography. I'm pleased with what Zay gave us, and I am interested to see what he comes up with next.",0,0,"Sep 15, 2016"
8,"Birds heads in a complete different direction than Rodeo, going more for the dark and gritty trap sound with plenty of bangers and anthems (e.g. Through the late night, Goosebumps). Many tracks on this album are heavy on synths and fast-paced (e.g. sweet sweet, the ends) and effective in what they want to achieve: to make the listener hyped and have a good time. SDP is a beautiful interlude with exceptional production, like all tracks on the album.
Lyrically, there isn't really that much to this album except the reoccurring themes 'drugs, woman, alcohol', but that didn't really hurt my listening experience. And of course you have to accept the heavy use of auto-tune which is used in a very effective and enjoyable way in my opinion.
Only three tracks I didn't enjoy as much as the rest: Lose, First take, guidance.
All in all a very good album, Travis didn't let us down!",1,1,"Sep 15, 2016"
10,"can't beat travis scott, hes established himself as an artist who can make party anthems as well as tracks regarding social commentary. This album cements him as one of the top rappers in the game",0,0,"Sep 14, 2016"
9,"One of the best albums to turn up to. Hype was justified, strong AOTY prospect.
Highlights: the ends, way back, through the late night, goosebumps, wonderful",0,0,"Sep 16, 2016"
9,"Good art is engaging and pulls you. You cant turn away...you have to look, or listen.  Great art is engaging and makes you think. Execeptional art engages and challenges your thoughts and previous understandings.  3 Feet High...was exceptional in that sense because it challenged established rap paradigms in its time period.  The Anonymous Nobody does the same thing.  It is challenging and is shifting established ideas. It wont necessarily bump in the jeeps but it will rock everywhere else.  Get your mind right and sharpen your ears.  Dig through the catalogues of every featured artist on this album and discover their gems.  Consider the artistic skill it took to bring all of these different elements together to form this work.  Don't settle for good, strive for great.  Trugoy said it best on the outro that is the intro track, Exodus- 'Hoping that what we create inspires you to selfishly challenge and contribute.'  Engaging, entertaining, thought provoking, and challenging.  Thank you De La for sharing this work.  And for those who don't get it.....you never will. This wasn't made for you.  There are IQ requirements to really understand the brillance that is Anonymous.",3,3,"Aug 26, 2016"
6,"De La Soul have perhaps lost some of their steam so to speak for this LP (their eighth), coming so long after their last. Still, it has enough good stuff in the bank to make it worthwhile.",1,3,"Aug 26, 2016"
9,"It took me 2 listens to really appreciate the album as a whole. At first it felt underwhelming because the music overpowers the lyrics if you will. But that actually is what grew on me, the album has a unit has a very smooth sound. So if you're looking for the 'boombap' this may not be for you. But its been in constant rotation for me since it came out.",0,0,"Aug 31, 2016"
8,"Two superpower-summoning megastars in their fields for a joint LP? Yes, please! Visionary Wu guardian RZA and multitalented Interpol'er Paul Banks have made the perfect combo album of alternative rock and hardcore hip-hop in Anything But Words. It could stand to be more counter to the status quo, but as it is, it's powerful, provoking, risky and rebellious when it didn't have to be.",0,0,"Sep  4, 2016"
9,"A concept album that where the sounds live up to the ideas, Vince employs James Blake, No ID, DJ Dahi, A$AP Rocky, and an Andre 3000 sample for an A+ effort. Chopped and Screwed by James Blake, War Ready is one of the most interesting production I've heard on a hip hop album this year. Vince shines on Pimp Hand, solidifying his flow as one of the best in the game.",5,5,"Aug 30, 2016"
10,"Vince Staples does it again, this time in a short EP, in my opinion I wish this would have been an entire album! I like how he keeps his fans satisfied in the meantime while we all wait for the follow-up to Summertime 06'. The production on this EP is amazing with tight lyrics with good rhymes. Another great piece of work Mr. Staples. KEEP IT UP!",3,3,"Aug 30, 2016"
8,"77/100.
Overall I'd say my summary for this album comes down to two words: Pretty Dope. The last 3 songs, 'Prima Donna', 'Pimp Hand' and 'Big Time' really ride.",2,2,"Aug 30, 2016"
9,"With amazing production and haunting lyrics, Vince Staples continues his hot streak that started back in 2014 with the critically acclaimed Hell Can Wait EP. Everything since from the Long Beach rapper has been heavily polished, politically and socially aware, harrowing and gripping at the same time. This project is no exception.",1,1,"Sep  1, 2016"
8,"Once again, Vince has given his fans and critics something to enjoy. This brief, 7-track EP was perfect of Vince to give to his fans, and I enjoyed this project front to back. On his debut album almost the whole album is handled by the legendary producer No I.D., but on this project there are several producers that play into the whole EP. Vinny Staples once again pulls through with his lyrics and introspective views on American culture, and he is one of the brightest, young artists in Hip-Hop today. The overall idea and meaning behind Prima Donna is very impressive for someone that is so young and new to the game that you're just thankful that a bright, young figure is doing so well in Hip-Hop today. I think this project is very entertaining, and in some ways very upsetting when Vince comes along to his singing ballads at the beginning of the EP, and after the end of several songs. We saw a lot of heart and feelings pour out to some parts of his first album, but this time I think he's more on the depressive state of being successful which we've seen a few artists talk about before. I believe that almost all Vince Staples fans will love this album, but also if you're a fan of this new wave of talented, young rappers then you'll also dig this little taste of Vince. This EP is eccentric and creative, and this EP continues the trend of solid Hip-Hop projects released in the back half of the year.",0,0,"Sep 15, 2016"
10,"great mixtape, up there with his best. thug is the GOAT for a reason.  best tracks are wyclef, riri, harambe, pick up the phone, future swag and kanye west and webbie (almost the whole thing)",2,2,"Sep  1, 2016"
10,"Young Thug releases yet another spectacular project, continuing his streak of quality music. It looks like the Young Thug thread on KTT was correct in his potential, except for Barrk0 the woat ktt user. Anyways back on topic Young Thug haters lost, Rap Genius lost, Barrk0 lost.
The only real low points on this tape are the bridge to 'Kanye West' which was a bit out of place and make the song longer than it had to be (I really do believe that is a hit without the hook). The meme title for Harambe, and the Travis Scott version of Floyd, which really does drag on, but I still have the original version without Travis (no hate he just didn't fit) so I don't discount points for that. Otherwise the entire tape is a great and movement in the right direction for Thug musically/sonically and creatively.",2,2,"Sep  1, 2016"
10,"In this project, we realize the potential of the man himself, Young thug (Jeffery), his potential under wheezy and TM88's production. Jeffery delivers the most marvelous flow to this date, but this won't beat Barter 6 nor Slime Season 2. Although, this is an inspirational project for Thug to drop, it did not sound like any ordinary or typical Thug mixtape you would expect.",1,1,"Sep  1, 2016"
8,"76/100.
Decent, but some of the songs don't have much of an appeal. The best tracks are 'RiRi' and 'Webbie'. 'Wyclef Jean', 'Pop Man' and 'Pick Up the Phone' are also pretty dope.",1,1,"Sep  2, 2016"
10,"Another great album by young thug the rapper. This time he brings a more commercial and mainstream vibe to his tabs that separates itself from thug's birdman days, and it seems to be working.",0,0,"Sep  2, 2016"
9,"IM SO SORRY THIS ALBUM WILL FACE TRAVIS SCOTT'S SOPHOMORE RELEASE AS THE MOST HYPE ALBUM OF 2016. BRO THIS ALBUM IS BANGER AFTER BANGER. I JUST WANT TO VIBE WHEN I HEAR THESE KIDS. MAKING HISTORY. ****",5,7,"Aug 12, 2016"
4,"The beats are great, but the simple party-oriented lyrics are not. It's very poor overall except for the wonderful sounds that have come from the work of producers Mike Will Made-It and his friends.",5,9,"Aug 13, 2016"
0,"trash album trash rappers trash trash trash trash trash trash trash  trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash  trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash trash",3,6,"Aug 16, 2016"
8,"If you're listening to hip hop, especially hip hop like this, for lyrics, then you're a **** dusthead who needs to get with the times. Subject matter is very preferential anyways and not indicitive of talent. The bottom line is, Mike Will's beats are good, the mixing is good, Swae's melodies are insane, the charisma is there, and there is a lot of experimentation here. It's a very good album",1,2,"Aug 16, 2016"
8,"I love this album it's amazing. You can't expect it to sound like Sremmlife 1. This time the album is more mature and has a chiller vibe. The album is comprised of a variety of a sounds such as: crunk, cloudtrap, trap, rnb, and more. That doesn't detract from the albums quality though, as it's still an amazing experience all the way to the end. From the beginning to the end it feels like a movie. The hooks are also extremely catchy and swae lee completely dominates the album. Slim Jimmy does his thing too by being more aggressive and blunt which helps sometimes.
I could go on and on about how amazing this album is to be honest. 8/10",1,3,"Aug 13, 2016"
9,"SL-2 still has  the definitive touch of Mike will, impressive as always . Amazingly  Jim and Sway seem to have matured along the way with their catchy lyrics and club appeal.  This album is definitely one to consider seriously ..",1,3,"Aug 13, 2016"
8,"while not the budding classic the first one was, the Sremm follow up is not disappointing, the beats are less varied but more spacey this time round and the duo (especially Swae) explore new melodies with enough introspection for it not too be a repetitive retread. No I am not saying they're saying anything like Ghostface Killah, that would be redundant and who wants too hear that honestly. They're just letting slip there personal struggles",1,4,"Aug 13, 2016"
9,"They did it again!!
this album is straight up fire
i enjoyed it very much
every song is awesome and has very good beats
you need to get this album ASAP ! :)",1,5,"Aug 13, 2016"
0,"Plain awful Plain awful Plain awful Plain awful Plain awful Plain awful Plain awful Plain awful Plain awful Plain awful Plain awful Plain awful Plain awful",0,1,"Aug 19, 2016"
9,"Atmosphere does it again.  Seriously, what hip-hop duo is this consistent?  These guys never disappoint.  On Fishing Blues, Ant's production alone is enough for multiple listens.  He's a perfectionist.  The beats are so layered and crisp.  Then Slug tops it off with subtle, timeless flows and unconventional yet catchy hooks.  And as with every Atmosphere album, there are a couple songs I don't care for.....for now
I hope this album gives them even more recognition.  They deserve it",3,4,"Aug 19, 2016"
10,"Atmosphere has done it again. this is definitely one of the best albums that i've ever heard this year. i can listen to from front to back. there's not a single track on this LP that i did not like.  and i don't have no favorite tracks because every track on here is pure dope.",2,3,"Aug 19, 2016"
6,"Everything is very good except for the topic-territories explored on this project. It's just not risky or controversial enough. Atmosphere stay in their lane without reasonably trying a new one to turn heads so their waters are at high marks without flooding over with greatness.",0,1,"Aug 13, 2016"
5,"French electronic artist DJ Snake is well known in the EDM scene for being either involved in or producing some of the most enormous, gargantuan dance hits over the past few years. Lean On, Turn Down For What and Low to name a few. Lean On was the most streamed song on Spotify last year, amassing over five hundred million listens that year alone. This is an eye-watering figure, so there is no question that the guy thrives on producing at the forefront of the EDM scene. The fact that his material is mostly centred around what is popular further supports this claim. A sugary pop artist equivalent.
This year he went and released his debut album entitled Encore. There's over fifty minutes of content on it, which is pretty long for EDM. Anyhow, I decided to wrap my ears around it to see what the hype was all about.
The record is bundled with a multitude of genres - which is as expected. The cuts are dominated by trap and house, but a slew of other subgenres like moombahton and hardstyle make it onto the record as well. From a business perspective, it seems reasonable to have a wide spectrum of EDM fuelled with meaty hooks. Such is the 'raise your hands' festival culture today, and Snake's record remains no exception of that. Even with the financial incentives however, that doesn't mean the record is immune from criticism.
The opening track is perhaps the most interesting of the lot. An atmospheric interlude with some swishy vocals and washy synthesized chords floating around the piece. It is quite soothing and pleasant actually. It is a shame that this thread of quality doesn't circulate around the rest of the record.
There are deplorable aesthetics on tracks like Pigalle and Sahara; the incredibly brash, abject, haywire drops with hugely contrasting verses between them make these tracks auditory heaps of junk. It's unfortunate since the vocals on Sahara are nice. Ocho Cinco isn't impressive either. The introduction is less than plausible and the hardstyle beat woven at the beginning of the drops are monstrously chaotic, obnoxious and unequivocally horrible. But I will admit that the second half of the drop is much more acceptable.
There are also cuts on the record that leave me feeling indifferent. Nothing special about Oh Me Oh My. Sober had potential but the (sometimes cringy) vocals do not fit the instrumentation well.
However, there are some good tracks on the album that I do like. Propaganda - which kicks off with an awful introduction - has drops that are lifted by this compelling, fluttering synth with a gummy 808 bass that underpins the rest of the instrumentation nicely. A good cut that is also refreshing as there are no vocalists on it. The closing track Here Comes The Light highlights the impressive technicality of Snake's production (future bass), but there is a vocalist on this one who sounds half-baked.
Tracks that are driven by the pitch-changing, vocal melody craze that has taken the EDM scene by storm recently, are mostly successful. Talk, Let Me Love You and Middle all fall within this boundary. Bieber has picked up an appetite for tropical house tracks recently so his good vocal performance on Let Me Love You was anticipated, but the drop sounds like a weaker version of Lean On yesteryear - slightly underwhelming. Talk features Maple's vocal, pitch-shifting melodies that are cheery, engaging and fun to my ears. Middle is the best cut on the entire record. Released some time ago, Bipolar's vocals and the instrumentation on it are seriously infectious - an earwig that's pleasing to the ear. This follows on to Future Pt. 2, which is more laidback but nonetheless pretty good. Though there's nothing incredible going on here, Snake succeeds with making good, catchy, simple pop music.
I am pleased to say that this is not a disastrous record. But as expected, the album format simply doesn't cater to Snake's strengths. The record suffers from being predictably cluttered with tracks that have incredibly contrasting - and often mismatched - chord progressions between the verses and choruses. There is a very thin ribbon of cohesion across Encore, and the vocals across the record are a hit and miss (mostly the latter). These problems are typical with sugary EDM albums.
It is far from perfect, but Snake has some potential in what he is doing so it is disheartening to hear that this will be his first and last album. If he made it more focused, got better vocalists in the studio, got more inventive with his production then I see no reason why it wouldn't have been a good album. As it stands, the record is bombarded with inconsistencies.
If your teeth are sunk into the festival culture of EDM nowadays then you stand a good chance of enjoying this album. If you hate the culture, this record is certainly not for you, as it will probably make you loathe the culture even more. I am personally split in the middle with this scene, and that mirrors how I feel about Encore.
A mediocre record, DJ Snake.",0,0,"Aug 24, 2016"
10,"Considering DJ Khaled as a snapchat superstar/icon, he arrives with a massive, undisputed, and solid album that shuts hip-hop heads up. Khaled brings in modern artist that are popping, and succeeds on sending a message of the Major Key. Just like Gucci Mane, Khaled has never sound this crispy ever before, Proud of his hard work, this what the key is about!",1,1,"Aug  3, 2016"
2,"Once you get past the album's strong opening, you realize this is just another Khaled album. It has a strong set of features, which is because of Khaled's recent fame, but when you get a final, overall look on this album. It's more of a meme than what the title of the album came from.",0,2,"Aug 11, 2016"
10,"THIS ALBUM IS 100% BANGERS GOOD TIME AND VIBES. LOVE LOVE LOVE!........................................................................................",0,0,"Aug  3, 2016"
7,"Dj Khaled's albums are like large beautiful bombastic cakes with a mixture of different flavors. You end up with more than your fill, and if you don't appreciate the various tastes you'll stop eating. Fortunately for me this is the first time I had a Khaled cake and enjoyed it (for the most part, I left a 3/4 aside). Nas, Big Sean and Kent Jones were the big surprises for me. It's 2016 and Nas is actually spitting harder than he was in the 90s on the track 'Nas Album Done.' I never thought I'd be excited for a Nas album this year. Big Sean holds up on all his features even against Kendrick Lamar who snaps in his appearance (particularly in his 2nd verse) but doesn't outshine Big Sean on the track 'Holy Keys' either. Kent Jones is a young upcoming artist who has BARS and flow for days, I'm definitely keeping an eye on him after I heard him spit after Busta Rhymes (still doing his thing but not as clever as he once was with his bars) on 'Dont Ever Play Yourself.' I found myself going back to 'Tourist' by Travis Scott and featuring Wayne who still kills his guest appearances even though he should have had a longer verse on it. I'm really hoping him and Travis collaborate on a tape with Metro Boomin soon. Drake is in his prime right now so no doubt he made his track on the album 'For Free' a major summer hit in itself although I wish he would go back to his roots more and not do as many commercial sounding songs. J.Cole has enormous potential and shows it again with his profound appearance on 'Jermaine's Interlude' (don't retire!). Future is doing Future I just hope he doesn't get too comfortable and tries newer ideas. All in all if you appreciate old and new sounding hip hop this will be your record for at least the summer. A few of the tracks are timeless in my opinion and a few that are throwaways as well (maybe I'm being too harsh, they're inconsistent or incohesive tracks) 'Do you Mind' and 'Pick These Hoes Apart' come to mind. There are also a couple questionable guest appearances that don't seem to fit but they don't take away much from the album either. For me this is the best Dj Khaled record solely because of the hit appearances from practically every artist and the solid production choices. 7/10",0,0,"Aug  2, 2016"
6,"Good messages and interesting collabos at the beginning plus solid raps from solid guests further in save this Major Key album from peril, but although DJ Khaled has saved himself from industry disaster with the project, it still houses one too many mainstream cop-outs.",0,0,"Aug  6, 2016"
8,"i was never into Gucci Mane before, but this is one of the hardest rap albums ive heard in a while. 1st day out, No Sleep, Out Do Ya and Rich N are all fire.",1,1,"Jul 29, 2016"
4,"The same old Gucci for the most part, but the Atlantic Records influence amplifies, intensifies and accentuates further the stupid elements of Gucci's subject matter, if you can even say that the subject matter belongs to him. It belongs to the land of evil, improper, manipulative propaganda to be sure. The guests - ok, the beats - nice and fine, but the rhyming is too elementary, and there's really nothing very impressive here overall.",0,3,"Jul 29, 2016"
8,"Not a bad rapper. The music fits the voice. Good looking. Would rather see her plastered all over the place than a Nikki Minaj. No stupid gimmicks like Nikki. If Dreezy keeps it up could be the new queen of rap.",0,0,"Aug 16, 2016"
8,"This album is beautifully produced which makes Dreezy sound like the most confident female rapper to snag the podium. Lyrically, it's nothing new; however, with her smooth vocals and fierce flow, she has all the ingredients to pull off this sexy recipe of confidence, respect and passion.",0,0,"Aug 10, 2016"
4,"From a greater music standpoint, there is nothing incredibly wrong with singer/rapper Dreezy's debut LP, No Hard Feelings, but it definitely isn't risky or original enough from a hip-hop standpoint. This album was made by a company called Interscope with the help of a talented vocalist named Seandrea Sledge, and their goal was for a highly profitable product, not a fresh very artful new compliment to hip-hop.",0,0,"Aug  6, 2016"
3,"Snoop Dogg hasn't been able to rap in a LOOOONG time. Same s*it from back in the days. No increased technique, no new vocab and certainly no new ideas. This album is the proof of these things. Now, don't get me wrong, he's a legend in the game but now a days, he SUUUUCKS. Even if he's on a feature his game is the worst. Just cuz' I don't like it doesn't mean I'm hating on him. But I hate this album.",1,4,"Jul 17, 2016"
9,"Dope album! Has some filler but highlights are really strong (Super Crip, Coolaid Man, My Carz, Affiliated). Although I did enjoy Bush which was a great summer album, it's nice to hear Snoop rapping again.",0,0,"Jul 22, 2016"
6,"Snoop knew what he had to do after the disappointments of Reincarnated, Bush and Cuzznz for having little or no hip-hop in them, and he has delivered fairly well in Coolaid, his fourteenth solo studio album. With strong lyrical raps yet mainstream gangster content, it is a catch-22 of an album so to say but definitely better than some recent efforts by the Dogg.",0,0,"Jul 16, 2016"
5,"As a Clams Casino fan I was excited to hear that he was going to release his first album a few months ago. I've enjoyed his Instrumental Mixtapes and I am well aware of his producing stance in the hip-hop scene. He has carved out a smorgasbord of floaty, dreamy moods and sounds over the years that he seemingly handpicks or even combines to envelop each specific track for different purposes. One track I particularly enjoyed from him over the years was his instrumental track Crystals, which was just fantastic.
So, it is pretty evident that I was optimistic about this record. Clams is a talented producer, so I could only imagine the material he could craft when he sits down with artists to do songs with his vision at the priority.
Did his debut album live up to my expectations? Hmm.
The best material mostly centre around his instrumentals: Level 1, Skulls and Blast. These instrumental cuts are all solid and colourful, highlighting Clams' production skills with the vocal chopping, pitching and industrial samples. Skulls could have definitely been longer however. I feel that one minute of that track doesn't do it justice.
The rap tracks which occupy the first half of the record are pretty captivating for the most part. All Nite with Vince Staples is a particular track I love; it is an absolute banger, the lucid production and lyricism made this cut the best on the album for me. Darker, misty tracks like Be Somebody also impressed me - the way the chord progressions glue with the vocals on this cut is great. 32 Levels (which is obviously the main track on the record as it is album-titled) is a bit of a mixed bag. Instrumentation could have been tweaked better, and though I rate the rapping from Lil' B, the higher pitched vocal line in the mix certainly takes some getting used to. The way it descends into the Bhangra styled drop-off - it makes me cringe slightly.
Second half of the record, minus Blast, takes a bit of nosedive in quality. It transforms from the dark, Clams' Casino vibe into R&B influenced material. There are accomplished cuts on this half, but it is at this point that poor cuts start to emerge as well.
Back To You is a surprisingly, incredibly engaging poppy track. Kelly's vocals and the instrumentation connect at an impressive standard. A Breath Away could have potentially been one of the better tracks on the record if it weren't for that sour, cringy garbage of a bridge on the vocal line that starts at around 40 seconds and finishes at about 48 (which is repeated again sometime later in the song). Clams' instrumentation still manages to pull the track together though - the subtlety of the drums are notably impressive.
Now for the tracks that I don't really like or rate: Thanks To You is a nonchalant, flat and disappointing track. This is a remarkable feat given that I embrace off-kilter instrumentation. I feel that the vocals are stale and the thin, stripped-back instrumentation of the synths and drums further denies it from flourishing. They don't compliment each other for me. Ghost In A Kiss is mostly let down by how overly prominent Samuel's distressing vocals are in the mix. Instrumentation is sound, but I just can't embrace how low and raspy the vocals are - I try but I keep failing. The outro remains an exception however where Samuel's vocals and the production crush together wildly in the mix which does sound good. This is a borderline bad song; it has its good moments which are slightly outweighed by the bad. Finally, Into The Fire with Mikky Ekko should have never made it onto the record. I've never heard Clams' so detached from his style - it straight-up sounded like indie pop. The track isn't necessarily bad, it is competently good but not great. I just don't understand why he would put this on the record. It could quite easily sneak onto an indie pop record and you'd never know Clams' produced it. Such a strange track.
Wrapping the whole record up: I am disappointed. I had big hopes for this record and sadly it didn't live up to it. Not as good as his previous material. I enjoyed most of the tracks on this album, but unfortunately there are also some pretty poor and iffy tracks on the record too. That is my main gripe - how inconsistent it is.
That is essentially what brings this down to an average album for me. Nothing great, nothing disastrous overall. Just a potentially great debut record from a talented producer, dragged down by some seriously poor vocal features and questionable decisions. Hopefully he can come up with something more impressive and more palatable in the future. Getting better vocalists in the studio is a good way to start.
Favourite tracks: All Nite, Blast and Back To You
Worst tracks: Thanks To You and Ghost In A Kiss, special mention for Into The Fire which although is good doesn't belong on the album at all.",0,0,"Aug 22, 2016"
10,"I signed up for Metacritic just to write this review. I find this album to be so special that I want to be a part of the art-objectifying-via-ranking community to help secure its place in the collective consciousness for years to come. This album is a joyful swirl of nostalgic funkiness. It's beautiful. Wistful. I have long considered SILY to be a desert island album to keep my joy alive if I was all alone on this planet, so I had the highest of hopes for their follow-up, and, amazingly, not only did it not disappoint me it revealed new depths of joy, gratitude and dance moves in my emotional and physical lexicon. I will be returning to this album, I expect, for the rest of my life. It makes me happy and sad at the same time, while propelling me in time through dance.
Magic.",10,10,"Jul  5, 2016"
10,"Try not to compare the sound to that of SILY- the theme of the album is completely different than before, however is just as expertly crafted full of depth and nostalgic samples that are assembled so wonderfully. The album truly is a masterpiece and flows from start to finish with an underlying lively pulse, however the songs themselves are more individual than the seamless SILY. At 22 songs long, the more I played this album the more I loved it and the more I heard in it. Those who do not find joy in this expertly crafted work of art is not listening deep enough.
Highlights - Because I'm Me, Harmony, Zap!, If I Was A Folkstar, Wozard of Iz, Saturday Night Out. But everything is amazing!",2,2,"Jul  5, 2016"
10,"Though it's already been a very good year for music (Beyonc, Chance The Rapper, ANOHNI etc.) this is without a doubt my favourite album of the year so far. The meticulous attention to detail and sequencing (especially when listening on proper headphones) is staggering. It's like listening to a whirlwind of carefully-selected music samples, all amounting to an emotionally complex, psychedelic experience. The extended cut of 'Frankie Sinatra' at the very end might be the only excessive part on the album, but other than that, it's a classic Avalanches album.",1,1,"Jul  6, 2016"
8,"I've waited a long time for this album and I'll be honest if I say that I'm slightly disappointed. The rap parts are a great bonus, yet the tracks do feel a bit repetitive and tiring at times.",1,1,"Jul  5, 2016"
7,"As much as it is rewarding to listen to, it often feels as if it crumbles under its own weight as a dense and scenic album. While it may be a tribute to the barren beauties of Australia, 'Wildflower' somewhat fails to encapsulate them.",1,1,"Jul 19, 2016"
9,"A seriously good album from front to back. It rewards repeat listens heavily. Put all your assumptions and expectations about what this  or any album, for that matter  should sound like, and you'll be immersed into a unique, technicoloured world or weird, wonderful and surprising songs. This album will certainly be misunderstood by, and get lost on, many people  but the way it is stitched together, the way it feels, and the spectrum of emotions it evokes (with masterful subtlety), is nothing short of incredible. A sublimely crafted hour of music.",1,1,"Jul  6, 2016"
10,"I've waited 15 years for this album. These guys have kept the magic that made their 1st album so special to us. You can't say that for a lot of artists! This album will make you smile, even if there's not as much variety / experimentation as their 1st album.",1,1,"Jul  5, 2016"
10,"The Avalanches have been more assertive in this album compared to SILY, and the results may or may not be what listeners were expecting. However, if it is a more direct expression of The Avalanches then we should be happy to know more about the intentions of the musicians, as well as their skill. The samples and themes in Wildflower are brought together in a way that seems almost like Jazz, which is a testament to the technical skills of the musicians (Harmony was in part constructed from samples of letter phonemes in Sesame Street's Madrigal Alphabet), and a testament to their confidence in their audience. The rapid movements between themes and samples seems to lay out a narrative of emotions and thoughts, rather than clear, clean stories. Like Jazz, this constant shifting makes it hard to predict what is coming next, and at times places demands on the listener that many artists would be simply too afraid to make. As a contrast, while SILY was content to allow for the repetition of samples and melodies to allow for more predictable (and catchy) melodies, Wildflower has greater ambitions, for itself and for its listeners. Appreciating this album doesn't require knowledge of the enormous musical tapestry from which it was constructed, but it is likely that those who appreciate this album will find the feeling of nostalgia in the samples, and seek out the originals to experience in their own right. I can't help but think that Wildflower is in part an attempt to share this old music with us, to piece together new creations while honouring the memory of those pieces.",0,0,"Jul 12, 2016"
10,"Listening to this album is like walking through the meadow on warm sunny spring day... this is little twin brother to 'since I left you' 10/10  (I signed up to this web just to vote for this gem album)",0,0,"Jul 20, 2016"
8,"After all the false starts surrounding the release of this album - many of them no doubt coordinated by the band in order to remind folk that they were still alive - 'Wildflower' needed to be good in order to sustain the hype surrounding its release. And it is. It's a lovely thing, summery, breezy and written by people in a happy place or taking the right drugs to put them in a happy place.",0,0,"Sep  4, 2016"
10,"Blank face LP has an underline concept. Money and what people would do for money. On his second major label LP, schoolboy q recounts tales of poverty,  desperation and gangbanging to survive. He maneuvers through gritty yet colorful production with ease and bars as hard as brick. They compel the listener to understand his POV at their own risk. The album has character development during its 70 something hours. ScHoolboy Q autobiographically raps about changing his life after a jail bid. Finding another way to support himself without going down the same road. This acts as a cautionary tale and a tale of redemption. Out of the TDE camp, this will go down as one of the more creatively ambitious projects and one that deserves acclaim and recognition",6,6,"Jul 11, 2016"
10,"Great album from Q yet again, It's a massive improvement over Oxymoron. Lyrically he's better than ever and the production on this album is fantastic.",4,4,"Jul 11, 2016"
10,"No disappointments to be found here . ScHoolboy Q keeps to his style and executes it perfectly . The production is great . I have nothing negative to say about this .",4,4,"Jul 11, 2016"
8,"This album certainly lived up to its hype, and ScHoolboy Q gives us yet another great project. From a lyrical perspective, he may not be as good as Kendrick Lamar but his raw energy, flow and ability to tell deep stories make up for it. Also great production and some killer guest appearances. I can't wait till Q releases some more projects in the future.",3,3,"Jul 11, 2016"
8,"At first listen, this is VERY west coast and very Q. A bit predictable and even rehashed from previous albums. But, with a 2nd listening, you can hear Q's growth from the same he is known for and moving in other directions including almost spoken word towards the end of the album and some politcal rantings as well. Of course, fans can expect the same topics of weed, women and whimsical violence - all common in hip hop these days. TDE did it right by giving him his own platform and release time to debut this disc. Although not a classic, much closer than his previous releases.",1,1,"Jul 12, 2016"
9,"Very solid album. Has a couple weak spots but overall is very strong lyrically and production-wise. There are many solid features as well, my favorites being Jadakiss and Vince Staples.",1,1,"Jul 11, 2016"
9,"A gritty trip through the bleak world of drug dealing, crime and gang violence. Schoolboy Q delivers an emotional yet quirky experience on his newest LP.",1,1,"Jul 13, 2016"
9,"After ScHoolboy Q contemplated retiring from the rap game, he returned to the road he was building on Habits & Contradictions. Lyrically Q is better than ever, and while hooks throughout the album still leave something to be desired, he has developed a good amount from hooks like on 'Hands on the Wheel.' The production throughout the album is cohesive for the most part aside from 'Overtime,' and is reminiscent of To Pimp A Butterfly, except... more gangster. He left behind the radio hits for the most part that plagued Oxymoron and went back to telling street stories, which is much better Q in my opinion. Features provide even more darkness to the album and aside from Kanye West (arguably) and Miguel, they fit the album very well. SZA provides an outstanding hook on 'Neva CHange' and Vince Staples is crippin' to the fullest on 'Ride Out,' which has one of the hardest beats I've ever heard. My actual rating for this album is an 8.5, and I believe that this is ironically tied with YG's Still Brazy for album of the year. Take a listen, the album is fun, dark, deep, and a great listen.",1,1,"Jul 11, 2016"
6,"For about 5-minutes of every year, ScHoolboy Q is everybody's favourite rapper. Listening to his singles (e.g. 'Collard Greens') or his features (e.g. 'Let it Bang'), he sounds a remarkably captivating rapper, tumbling between words with a bluster unmatched by your regular trap goon. His flow is urgent whilst lyrical, ensuring some meaning is attached to his threats while ensuring you'll be 'leaving with a hole in [your] skull.' Outside of those 5-minutes, though, Q tends to a remarkably boring and frustrated spitter, preferring to cop a lackadaisical delivery over the menace that can put him well ahead of Kendrick and the Black Hippy crew. Q himself has complained about his waning critical and commercial fortunes, often insisting in vain that he is, '... better than [Kendrick]... It's a layup.' It's hard not to agree when he's at optimal performance; that's so rare though that it's laughable to think he might be serious. So Blank Face operates on the premise that those brief moments of excellence Q nonchalantly veers into can be sustained across a 75-minute long player.
Without going into specifics, Blank Face is by far the most consistently captivating ScHoolboy Q has ever been. Part of that can be attributed to Q's latent direction towards album-oriented sounds and themes, aiming to relay a generally amped-up paranoia brought on by street-level shellshock. Credit where it's due, Q's snarling and onomatopoeic phrasing of 'knocks' and 'bangs' become the norm, often opting for a savageness he infrequently indulges. When matched by equally brutish beats- sounds that err closer to the Southern horrorcore of 808 Mafia than, say, radio-friendly trap or critically appeasing backpacker rap- Q's better than he's ever been. It all balances out to solidify Blank Face as something singular in expression. Most of that is to say nothing of when it all devolves into limply worded posturing, of which Blank Face is guilty of at least half of the time. Ordinarily, Q's deficiencies are most clearly at fault; here, it's a smattering of poorly chosen guests that hinder Q's worked over vision. As opposed to Vince Staples or Anderson .Paak, who bolster Blank Face's obsession with narcotics and braggadocio, misplaced spots from E-40 and Kanye West serve the record poorly outside of marketing purposes. It's hard to see that being an issue though had Blank Face not sprawled unnecessarily beyond an hour's length. It's a reminder that ScHoolboy Q hasn't really got a hang of quality control quite yet. But then again, he's always been prone to this sort of nonsense; Blank Face is still resolutely ScHoolboy Q in its misplaced bravado. In terms of pure thrills, though, it's difficult to argue against this being his best album yet.",1,1,"Aug 19, 2016"
6,"The main problems with Blank Face are it's predictable in general, Q's rhyme schemes seem not to have challenged him enough, and it's almost stupidly gangsta in a few spots (cheesy levels?). Other than that, it's fine. Schoolboy Q's anti-violence and anti-bad behavior messages are great in their respective sections, and the guests and beats have not a single flaw. We just need something more left-field from Q next time.",1,2,"Jul 12, 2016"
5,"I'm sure not many people are going to find this review helpful, but I have no drive to ever revisit this album. This is no dynamic contrast in the album that holds my interest. Part of what makes this genre so fantastic is its huge scale of dynamic and emotional ability, and Blank Face LP took little-to-no advantage of that. It wasn't bad by any means, but it was just incredibly unremarkable. There doesn't seem to be a point to any of it, to the production, to the lyricism, nothing.",5,15,"Jul 11, 2016"
10,"Before I begin, I would like to say this is the very first album that I bought when it was new, as I only started to listen to music often about 1 or 2 months ago. Anyway, a complete masterpiece, with tons of stand out songs, where it is so easy to listen to the album when doing anything. For example, as I am writing this review, I am listening to the album! Just buy it.",0,0,"Jul 12, 2016"
10,"Was truly surprised by this album. I was caught off guard with the grimy production and gripping lyrics. No disappointing songs. Delivery is on point also. Loved this album.",0,0,"Jul 15, 2016"
8,"84/100. This album seriously is chock full of amazing music. ScHoolboy Q does not disappoint. Best songs are 'THat Part', 'Ride Out', 'WHateva U Want', 'By Any Means', 'JoHn Muir', 'Neva CHange' and 'Overtime'.",0,0,"Jul 13, 2016"
10,"For the people complaining oxymoron was disappointing or Q isn't a lyricist shut up and listen to this album a lot of habits roots and no singles except for that part Q has done it again never disappoints",0,0,"Jul 18, 2016"
9,"Schoolboy Q music has definitely been improving since his Setback mixtape days. The album's is full of a variety of musical genres, but still remains a solid Hip/Hop album. If you think this album isn't cohesive, Kno Ya Wrong ooh",0,0,"Jul 17, 2016"
10,"Incredible album.  Q has proved with this cohesive body of work that he should be in every conversation when you mention the best current rappers in the game right now.  Not really sure what there isn't to like about this album.  The production is flawless, the lyricism is uncanny and the energy is there as it always is with Q.  What's so great about this is the fact that you can really see how much Q has progressed lyrically since he has entered the game.  Amazing album!",0,0,"Jul 13, 2016"
0,"Pure trash mixtape. I've listened to this guy and he is trash. His debut song, Panda is just another garbage and so is this mixtape. You should listen to real hip hop, not this guy",3,4,"Jul  8, 2016"
1,"The mixtape is called New English because his not speaking proper English throughout the whole mixtape. The production of the album is great but his ad-libs  are so annoying that you can't focus on the production. This nothing new or unique, he is just a Future clone. Not worth listening to at all",0,1,"Jul 13, 2016"
6,"Alright, so this is an interesting mixtape, you can tell Desiigner is kinda biting Future's style, but his powerful and angry voice throughout this album keep it interesting to listen to. Songs like Caliber show Desiigners's angry vibes which is much different the Future's chill vibes.",0,1,"Jul 17, 2016"
6,"This mixtape isn't really bringing anything new to the table, but it sounds ok still. The production is great, and some of the lyrics are pretty deep. But listening to the album I noticed that some of the songs are really short and mostly just have a hook in them that is repeated over and over again, which is a bit weird in my opinion. And also, you might want to google the lyrics for the songs, because this guy is rapping fast and I couldn't understand a word without looking them up lol",0,1,"Jul 22, 2016"
5,"This mixtape as a whole doesn't bring something unique into play. Granted, I was having a hell of a time going wild over the first few tracks, but once Monstas and Villains ended, the rest of the mixtape seemed 'mehhhhh' and I ended up getting so frustrated that even the final track, Panda, wasn't enough to bend me back into shape. The production does slap hard on some tracks, but this debut project from Desiigner just doesn't cut it with me.",0,0,"Aug  7, 2016"
3,"You cannot deny that 'Panda' is a banger, and extremely catchy - but what is oblivious is that his style is biting of FUTURE too much. In this album, you essentially cannot understand words he is saying. What is the point of music if you can't hear sh*t they say, and is all beat?...",0,0,"Aug  3, 2016"
2,"This mixtape showed me nothing. Many of the songs were saved by the production and the beats. Desiigner is clearly biting Future's style on most of the songs and the songs all feel like snippets that end very abruptly. Lastly, the songs are songs are very repetitive in songs like Roll Wit Me and Shooters.",0,0,"Sep  3, 2016"
8,"The rapping is dope, the beats are dope, and I have respect for YG. He can tell a story, he can write a hook, he can make a song. 'I Got A Question' is probably my favorite track, but the entire album is solid from top to bottom.",1,1,"Jun 27, 2016"
10,"This album has no right to be this damn good. This album continues the astute story telling and pacing featured in YG's previous record 'My Krazy Life' only this time YG seems to a lot more to say. This is the most in your face, unapologetic and raw album in years. The production is distinctly west coast, a fresh blend of Death Row era G-Funk and the contemporary west coast sound. YG's flow is slick and melodic, and his song writing seems to have improved as well as the cohesive story telling featured in nearly every track. YG's ability to write highly catchy hooks and ear for beats in incredible. YG is taking a political approach this time around, voicing a lot of sentiments felt in America in contemporary times, touching on police brutality, exploitation and oppression of ethnic minority communities as well as conveying where he is at in his life. YG once again exceeds expectations by coming through with a layered, cohesive and sonically lush album proving that My Krazy Life was no accident. Couldn't recommend this one enough, **** brazy.",6,7,"Jun 17, 2016"
10,"Even without DJ Mustard, YG is still dope. This album is a blassic album, no doubt! Especially he's not familiar with other trash rappers like Future, Desiigner or Kent Jones. My Krazy Life and Still Brazy are 2 blassics!",3,4,"Jun 17, 2016"
10,"YG's terrible incident with a shooter's bullet last year must have really made him think deeper about life and broaden his perspectives and worldview because his philosophies here in Still Brazy are right on, absolutely on point! A bunch of new fresh homies, terrific G-funk music and more bounce to the ounce than your average West Coast rap album are just a few of the other perks you'll get here. Hip music with a grip.",3,4,"Jun 17, 2016"
9,"great album yet again from YG, i like the flows and west coast vibes throughout this entire project. If you liked My Krazy Life then you're gonna enjoy this.",1,2,"Jun 17, 2016"
9,"YG is back with the perfect sophomore album which chronicles his life since the release of his critically acclaimed debut album 'My Krazy Life'. A major improvement both lyrically and musically that captures the West coast sound to perfection...The topics covered in this album are timely and well done. By far one of the best albums of the year for sure.",1,2,"Jun 18, 2016"
9,"YG is really keeping it gangsta, and simply still brazy. For sure on my top 10 list for this year. Nothing much to say about the album, I was expecting a blassic album and he proved he's one of the best on the west coast.",0,0,"Jun 27, 2016"
10,"This is an amazing album. I really wasn't a YG fan before, I thought his first record, 'My Krazy Life', was alright but it didn't stand out. This album is my favorite of the year so far, YG comes through with incredibly good raps, and the G-Funk beats are legendary. The album also has some great features, from YG's homies to Drake they all give great performances. YG is unapologetic in the subject matter of the album, and it really feels like he has evolved since he previous record released.",0,0,"Jul 10, 2016"
8,"It may not be one of the most memorable rap albums of all time, but it probably will be the most memorable of the year. From beginning to end, nonstop, this entire project just pumps. I was never into YG's music, but after listening to this, I have mad respect for the guy. This album is a must-listen.",0,0,"Aug 15, 2016"
8,"A very nice, smooth listen. Nothing quite tops the joy of 'In Your Car' but the sounds are precise and engaging throughout. Great background/reading music",0,0,"Jun  1, 2016"
8,"This Album feels like a real emotional roller coaster during my first listen. 'Metal Bird' starts the album out pretty energetic and fun along with the next few songs. Such as, 'Chiba Nights' which is a really fun and a great tune to dance to! Then it starts to change once you get to 'Song For a Dead Friend'. A feeling of heavy weight starts to fill up the album and the weight seems to get heavier as the album goes on until the album ends with 'Your Good Times are Just Beginning' which definitely lifts up the mood of the album, but not to where the heightened feeling was at the start. Overall a really awesome album! I gave it an 8/10 because their we're some songs I felt to repetitive or the structure felt off to me.",0,0,"May 27, 2016"
9,"Such a happy sounding album. Guaranteed to make your day brighter. I'd give it a 10 out of 10 if it was better mixed. The Kanye song was the worst offender in mixing. He needs Dr. Dre to produce his albums.",2,2,"May 28, 2016"
10,"Chance has just stepped his game to another level. The most beautiful thing about this mixtape is that it incorporates elements of gospel, soul and hip-hop into one and it just sounds heavenly. Layering, structurally and melodically, and production is on point and the various features absolutely nail their verses, especially Kanye West, Jay Electronica and Kirk Franklin. I really believe this is the start of something monumental. . Overall an incredibly impressive job by Chance and he deserves huge praise for this project. Superb. 10/10.",5,6,"May 15, 2016"
10,"A defining moment in a young bright career. Gospel sounds and themes that still appeal to the general masses? Yes please. He peppers great features throughout the project and somehow manages to get Kirk Franklin (righteous gospel star) and the likes of Young Thug, Future, Lil Wayne, and lil Yachty to be on the same project with great cohesion. Some fans of Chance won't like his new direction, but it is a direction that Rap needed to go. With so many drug and depression fueled projects out, Chance's positive messages of hope and redemption are a breath of fresh air.",4,5,"May 15, 2016"
10,"fantastic project, there's not even one song that i don't like in here, every feature does a hell of a good job, chance right now is unstoppable in my opinion.",7,9,"May 17, 2016"
10,"Different from Acid Rap, yes, but from song to song, it retains the same tight flow as acid rap, and never ceases in momentum. It's very much a mixtape, but also takes the mixtape as a whole to another level.
When's the last time you listened to a gospel mixtape? This tape is off the charts musically. Basically a gospel oriented affair, despite the songs Mixtape and All Night, which upon repeat listens, fit nicely into the album. They show the diversity of Chance's musicality, and his ability to just make fun songs,
I think this body of work will definitely stand the test of time. It's exuberant positivity, catchy melodies, bold choirs, and stellar MCing by Chance just create magic.",7,9,"May 15, 2016"
10,"'He said let's do a good ass job with Chance 3'. You definitely did do a 'good ass job' with this mixtape, Chance. Although comparatively different from Acid Rap, this mixtape still retains the Chance flow that we all loved to listen to in Acid Rap and couples it together with amazing production on each song. Grouped together with a diverse list of features such as Future, Kanye West, 2 Chainz, Jay Electronica and even Justin Bieber, Chance paints us listeners a picture with subject matters including family and the influence of God. This is an album I will definitely be having on repeat for a long time. Thank you Chance, it was worth the 3 year wait.",7,9,"May 15, 2016"
10,"What a beautiful album. It's beyond excellence. Soulful is a perfect word for it. The choir used in various tracks just increased its beauty.
Favourite tracks - 'D.R.A.M. Sings Special', 'How Great'.",3,4,"May 21, 2016"
10,"Say that Coloring Book is the first gospel rap masterpiece of all time is enough for give this album a strong 10. Got bars, got soul, got joy. Chano just did a good ass job. Again.",3,4,"May 19, 2016"
8,"Perhaps the happiest rap album ever made. Gracefully incorporating traditional gospel music, this mixtape is likely to be a definitive work in the young rapper's career.",3,4,"May 28, 2016"
10,"There is something about chance the rapper that keeps his fans coming back to each of his albums/mix tapes. His ability to create such creative work unlike any other artist is what makes Coloring Book such an awesome release. Chance stays to his roots and keeps his music creative and wacky in this release.  Even with big name stars like Future and Justin Bieber, Chance manages to keep a good hold on his style and doesn't allow others to control his songs. Chance the rapper is a young vibrant star who has so much potential to push the boundaries of hip hop and as a fan since acid rap I cant wait to see what comes next.",5,7,"May 15, 2016"
10,"Acid Rap was good. This is great. After Chance's work on 'The Life of Pablo' it seems his relationship with Kanye West has led him to all new heights. This gospel-rap influenced album is soothing, can put the listener in a cheerful mood and gives sounds that can resonate with our souls. This mixtape could have easily been an album with the quality in it, not to mention how good and variated the features on this project are. Chance has yet again proven he is one of the leading figures in current day hip hop and is a force to be reckoned with and not slept on anymore! Loving this mixtape.",5,7,"May 15, 2016"
10,"This project consists of happiness and blessings, this mixtape is capable of breathing life your the worst day. Chance is singing way more than previously, backed by gospel choirs and incredible instrumentation. This album/mixtape shows a clear maturation in Chance since Acid Rap, as a person and in terms of musicality, the artistry on display in Coloring Book is next level. The song writing is impressive consistently throughout, the theme seems to be hope and that blessings come to those that remain positive and resilient. This is both a step up from Acid Rap and Donnie Trumpet and The Social Experiment's Surf. Some stand-out tracks include 'Same Drugs', 'Summer Friends' , 'Blessings' , 'Angels' , 'Finish Line/Drown' , 'How Great'...y'know what? The whole tape stands out and I think you'd be crazy to not check it out! 10/10 definitely worth the 3 year wait.",7,10,"May 15, 2016"
10,"This definitely deserves to be an album along with a Grammy nomination! There's a lot of growth in chance since acid rap. Where he used to rap about women sexually he raps about his daughter and her mother. He talks about growing up, learning how to dance, praises the Lord. It's an all round exhilaratingly joyful album that is impossible to hate. Definitely the best rap project of 2016 so far. Highlights have to be; How great, Same drugs, Blessings (2), Juke Jam, Smoke break... **** i just might list the entire catalog!
Thank you Chance The Rapper.",13,19,"May 13, 2016"
9,"While not quite as fun and fresh as Acid Rap was, Coloring Book is another great output by Chance and considering it only a mixtape is doing it an injustice. While I mentioned it is less fun than Acid Rap, that is only because his lyrics on this tape are much more serious and in depth, which is a positive. The production is consistently great and his flow is much improved, as previewed on his The Life of Pablo feature. While it may be less easy going, it is still very much as upbeat as Acid Rap. He conveys his entire vision well enough throughout the mixtape that his features (including what most would assume to be ill-fitting artists such as 2 Chainz, Lil Wayne, and Future), fully commit their verses to it. Possessing that quality is very Kanye-esque, and to have it at such a young age is even more impressive. While I have absolutely nothing wrong with the incorporation of religion into music, I personally feel that more often than not it interferes with the music and seems forced. Chance, however, masters this technique effortlessly, as Coloring Book is actually enhanced by the presence of religion because it provides a definitive theme without going overboard. An excellent body of work by Chance to add to his already acclaimed catalogue and his most mature output yet. The future is bright for Chance the Rapper. 8.6/10. Highlights: All We Got, No Problems, Summer Friends, Same Drugs, Mixtape, Angels, All Night, How Great (specifically the second half with a great Jay Electronica verse), and Smoke Break.",2,3,"May 18, 2016"
10,"This album is a 14-song whirlwind of maturity and reminiscing. It's religiousness is set right out in the open, without care for those who 'like Acid Rap more'. Chance has matured and it is beautiful to be along for the ride. It did however take a few listens to completely understand and appreciate this album. It has so much joy, as does Chance. This is a Gospel album, with Rap, R&B and Jazz mixed in. Chance does a great job with Coloring Book. It is by far my favorite album of 2016 so far.
Fave songs: No Problem, Blessings, Juke Jam, How Great and Finish Line/Drown
Least: Mixtape and D.R.A.M. sings Special
92/100",2,3,"May 19, 2016"
10,"A kaleidoscope rush of audio beauty. Too much expectation was put on this album/mixtape to be as good as or better than Acid Rap and I say it is. This project picks up just where Acid Rap left off and just as cohesive. Production is and fuller and more lush although the vocal and horn mixing on some of the songs was a little off (Kanye's vocals on 'All We Got' scared the sh!t outta me when they came in louder than the rest of the mix.) A nice balance lyrically between mature, grown man bars and goofy, fun lyrics. AND WHO KNEW CHOIRS IN HIP-HOP COULD WORK!!!! Chance is just having fun with now. Overall, there's a lot of satisfaction on this project for it to be just a mixtape. Can't wait to see crowds lose it when 'No Problems' is performed live!",2,3,"May 27, 2016"
10,"95/100. The best mix-tape/album this year so far. Chance the Rapper continues to change his style and the rap game, in general. His voice, flow, and production is second to none and unique as always. The features on this mix-tape are all top-notch and never seemed forced. He also makes it so that every feature isn't too much so that you still hear him rap and sing most of the time, instead of all the features. It also, and not surprisingly, has a gospel feel to it. I say it isn't surprising because he was a HUGE contributor to Kanye West's newest album, 'The Life of Pablo', which has a similar gospel feel to it. Also, Kanye has a fantastic feature on this project called 'All We Got' and it seems that he was also a huge contributor to the mix-tape, as he tweeted about it recently. This will be nominated for album of the year at the Grammys and it will go down as one of the best rap albums ever made by someone under 25 years of age. Chance the Rapper is a creative and lyrical genius who will only continue to get better as time goes on. And he's only getting started.
Favorite Tracks: All We Got, No Problem, Summer Friends, Blessings, Same Drugs, Mixtape, Angels, Juke Jam, All Night, Smoke Break, Finish Line/Drown, Blessings
Least Favorite Tracks: How Great ( If I had to pick one)",5,8,"May 16, 2016"
10,"This mixtape is amazing. It shows the growth that Chance has gone through and it resulted in one of the best mixtapes I have ever heard. I share this same sentiment with Acidrap and 10 Day but the sheer diversity and ideas packed into this mixtape and all of them actually working all all cylinders firing is nothing short of genius. This is definitely is going to be on rotation as one of my summer albums along with TLOP and Cherry Bomb. If you haven't listened to this, time to cancel your plans.",3,5,"May 17, 2016"
10,"chance the rapper creates a classic in the name of the lord. god bless lil chano.WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO",3,5,"May 24, 2016"
10,"This album (because let's be honest its more than just a simple mixtape) from Chance is an absolutely wondrous collection of pure, unadulterated, creative joy distilled into an hour of songs. I have been playing it continuously on repeat since I first heard it because I'm enjoying it that much; I think its an improvement over Acid Rap, which is saying a lot. Basically its a great listen and a lot of fun.",7,12,"May 13, 2016"
10,"Another 'mixtape' way too good to just be a mixtape. Chance has seriously impressed with this, the album is coming from such a good place and sets apart from a lot of rappers, the bars have that same Chance the rapper flavor, the production is a whole lot more immense, and the roster of features is very impressive. Chance has made an album that I'll be enjoying for a very long time.",4,7,"May 14, 2016"
6,"Chance releases a relatively formulaic album with more singing than rapping. The gospel theme gets played out and you get left with a decent mix-tape with some great songs, and some real stinkers. Definitely worth a listen, but there's not much here that wasn't done better in Ultralight Beams, and that's a real shame considering that is one of my favorite songs of the year thus far.
6/10",6,11,"May 16, 2016"
6,"Chance is still an amazing singer and rapper truly, and there is just no mistaking that voice with another.  Also, the beats are beautiful, and some of the guests are simply phenomenal.  Having said that, the problems with Coloring Book are it has quite possibly too many guests (some of whom seem chosen more so because they are friends with Chance than because they bring something invaluable), the gospel theme overall is a bit much, and Chance has not pushed the envelope in so far as saying what the powers that be don't want him to say.  Everything is just so peachy and swell.  Plus it doesn't help that he let Apple Music defile its rollout and release.",9,18,"May 14, 2016"
9,"Just a very well put together project by Chance. I never listened to Chance outside of a few verses in previous years but after Coloring Book, I have to listen to him more often. Records like No Problems, Summer Friends, Blessings 1 & 2, All Night and Juke Jam are just incredible and possibly big hits in the future. Chance knows how to paint the picture with his lyrics and express himself clearly with his flow. Please check out this tape!",3,6,"May 15, 2016"
10,"Timeless classic, and for a free mixtape it makes the experience 100% better. From the lyrics to features to production Chance was able to put together a true modern day masterpiece. Chance is a legend in the making, if he isn't already.",2,4,"May 22, 2016"
9,"I had high hopes coming into this album, and it definitely plays out for me. How Chance was able to construct such a glorious masterpiece full of different themes, production and vocals is beyond my standards, and I am so proud of how hes shaped into not just a great rapper, but a great artist. I feel like he could be the second-coming of Kanye on the artistic and creative side, and I wouldnt doubt if this young man becomes something huge in the music scene. The mixing on a few parts of the project could be touched up on, and I think Chance needs to realize that, but I digress. I couldnt approve of this album enough, and I look forward to what Chancelor Bennett will be giving us in the future.",1,2,"May 28, 2016"
10,"The perfect end to the Chance trilogy of mixtapes. He steps it up from Acid Rap and is in full control of his craft  here. Easily one of the best pieces of music to come out in 2016.",1,2,"May 26, 2016"
10,"Different from Acid Rap, yes, but from song to song, it retains the same tight flow as acid rap, and never ceases in momentum. It's very much a mixtape, but also takes the mixtape as a whole to another level.",1,2,"May 22, 2016"
10,"This is an amazing album from a rapper on the top of his game. Happiness often translates to corniness in a lot of rap these days (see Macklemore, Drake), but this mixtape is infectious. There isn't a single song on this that I would skip. My only slight complaint is that I hope the gospel sound is a one-off. Don't get me wrong, I think it's amazing and works VERY well for Chance the Rapper, but I fear that it could get played out if he does it too much.",5,11,"May 14, 2016"
8,"Very strong album. My only problem with the album is te features list. In my opinion Young Thug, Kanye West, 2 Chainz, Future, T-Pain & Justin Bieber should be nowhere near this tape. Also no Vic Mensa collab was disappointing.",3,7,"May 17, 2016"
6,"Chance played with the Jazz scene a little bit in Surf and that was good at best. Now he's going for this gospel sound that worked well in Ultralight Beams but its not even executed well on this tape.
There are very few moments of great music here, but overall this is a mediocre effort especially after waiting 3 years. When you listen to TLOP it wasn't perfect but at least the production was good, the features were good, the hooks were good and there were moments of greatness. A couple gospel themed songs interspersed here and there, but it was never overdone. The fact that no song on this 14 track Mixtape is as good as Ultralight Beams even though its almost completely gospel inspired is sad. People obviously can't see pass the hype. Chance has this name and he can drop anything and people will love it.
I miss the old Chance.
Acidrap is a classic and he needs to go back to his original style that made him Chance The Rapper, not Chance the Preacher.
65/100",3,8,"May 19, 2016"
7,"67/100. Chance follows up 'Acid Rap' with a respectable third effort, but far from being the sequel that 'Acid Rap' deserved. The album is too focused on it's Gospel theme that it takes itself too far from its soul-rap high points. Songs like 'Blessings' and the first parts of 'How Great' really make this album annoying to listen to at times. However, its bright points are classic Chance. The best songs are 'No Problem' and 'Smoke Break'. 'Angels', 'All We Got' and 'Finish Line / Drown' are also bright spots on the tape.",7,26,"May 13, 2016"
2,"The whole album is based off of preaching. Chance more than definitely had a completely sounding album, but his daughter came and he scrapped it. Lady friend is an example of the aesthetic and cohesiveness of what it would have been. But having a daughter changed him, you can see the rushedness of the tape through the mixing and mastering alone, the fact that there's 2 songs with the same **** name and how all the tracks feel and sound the same. He's focused on doing things for his daughter which is respectful, but he's also not caring about the people who got him where he is. I didn't listen to this for christian purposes. I have a local church chance.",3,22,"May 17, 2016"
0,"Mixing and Mastering is god awful and makes this unlistenable. There are still tags left on some tracks. Sounds like an audio engineer barely touched this.",9,83,"May 16, 2016"
10,"This is going to be my summer album. I could tell from the first listen at the beach. It's so uplifting and fun, but at the same time Chance is more mature.",0,1,"Jun  2, 2016"
9,"If you took out 2 features (Lil Wayne & Kanye's feature), All Night, and some mixing problems, this is a nearly flawless album. I didn't like 10 Day, I wasn't feeling Acid Rap as much as most people did, and Surf (not really his album) was not very well polished. This is Chance at his VERY best. All the tracks hit! The lyrics, other than a few, are smart (especially on Blessings 2) and fun. The beats are usually very gospel like, which was refreshing seeing how most rappers have trap beats. I have not had as much fun on an album since I heard Rodeo by Travis $cott.
Fav Tracks
No Problem
Blessings
Same Drugs
Mixtape
Angels
How Great
Finish Line / Drown
Blessings 2
Least Fav Track
All Night (If I Had To Choose 1)",0,1,"May 22, 2016"
9,"Chance the Rapper's last release, 'Acid Rap' had a great vibe, personality and color. Although the effort did not shine as much as I wanted as story telling goes. Because of this I was hyped to see Chance exceed in this department, and of course others. And it did. Very well. As preachy as this was, even in an atheists view can still tune with this mix-tape.",0,2,"May 21, 2016"
9,"Great old style jazz and gospel sound throughout, a sound heard sporadically throughout The Life of Pablo; to an extent due to Chance's influence on the album no doubt. He's developed his own, very different sound unlike other artists within Hip-Hop and rap right now, making him both more excited and talented than many of his peers.",0,1,"Jun  2, 2016"
9,"An immediate classic of groundbreaking influences of soul, gospel, and classic rap stemming from one of the greatest standing rappers of the 21st century.",0,0,"Jul  3, 2016"
9,"This is his all star neon f**k-with-pop opus, that makes lil wayne seem ok, religion seem like the only answer and fart on the seat seem like a decent line. Its an example of how happiness can be contagious without being cheesy, and how rap can exist without ego, and instead with self-respect and love of the world around you.",0,0,"Jul 13, 2016"
10,"Incredible Gospel Rap mix. Chance delivers some incredible feel good vibes with a Gospel vibe and positive messages. Every song on here is full of energy, and it's personally my favorite album of the year.",0,0,"Jul 17, 2016"
7,"'Coloring Book' is a good mixtape. Good lyrics, good production but a few music is unlistenable because of the too strong and not pleasant singings. 'No Problems' ; 'Angels' and 'Mixtape' are the best songs, unlike 'How Great' or 'Finish Line / Drown'  => 7/10",0,0,"Jul 17, 2016"
7,"The album is good but the sounds kind of weird and distracts me from the lyrics. Also I kind of don't like his voice sometimes when he talks , it's kind of annoying but overall I like the album.",0,0,"May 30, 2016"
7,"Chance does not meet up to the hype here although their are some good tracks on here (Very Soulful to say the least). Fav tracks : Same Drugs, All We Got, No Problem, Mixtape",0,0,"Jun  2, 2016"
8,"Amazing Album.
Few tracks might be poorly produced, but overall does the work.
Solid lyrics, good choice of instruments.
Highlight: All we Got, Blessings and Same Drugs.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2016"
9,"In a world full of debauchery and self indulgence in the rap industry, Coloring Book is a breath of fresh air. Chance the Rapper paves his own path and the results are beautiful. Don't let the moniker 'Mixtape' fool you, this is a full drawn out album that should be listened to from start to finish. Currently the best Hip Hop album of 2016.",0,0,"Jun 23, 2016"
10,"This album is Death Grips's most accessible and at the same time, their most energetic. By far, the songs and the hooks are as catchy as those of The Money Store, while keeping that abrasive energy of Jenny Death, the second half of The Powers That B. To add on, production quality has definitely improved a lot, especially since after Jenny Death. Hands down, this album is a great record and probably the trio's best by far. And for first time listeners, this is a great album to start off with.
BEST TRACKS: Giving Bad People Good Ideas, Hot Head, Spikes, Eh, Bubbles Buried In This Jungle,Trash, BB Poison, Three Bedrooms In A Good Neighbourhood, Ring A Bell
NOT SO GREAT TRACKS: 80808",8,8,"May 13, 2016"
10,"This album is a culmination of all the progress Death Grips has made over the past 5 years. It pulls you in from the very beginning with, 'Giving Bad People Good Ideas,' and it never lets you go until the closer, 'Bottomless Pit.' I've never seen such sustainability with a band's discography. While this band has some of the catchiest hooks to ever appear in a Death Grips song (see: Eh, Ring a Bell, Houdini), it also has some of the harshest, most violent music we've ever heard from them (Hot Head, Three Bedrooms in a Good Neighborhood, Bottomless Pit). There is not a single low moment for me in this entire album.",7,7,"May 11, 2016"
9,"Probably the most consistent stream of songs Death Grips have produced since No Love Deep Web, the opening 2 hardcore punk-inspired songs are superceded by a sequel of high-tempo catchy synth-punk hip-hop gems that feel very reminiscent of The Money Store in style. A fantastic album",1,1,"May 11, 2016"
7,"Its alright but not as good as their previous albums, all of which have been fantastic. I hope it grows on me but I kind of doubt it will considering the production is unfortunately a bit one dimensional during the middle part of the record and by that I mean there's a few dull synths just blaring out (see BB Poison), lacking some of the glitchey techniques used so well by the band previously. There's a few great tracks though like Three Bedrooms, 8080808 and Houdini, as well as the opener and closer, two songs bursting with an unbelievable amount of energy. Regardless of my feelings towards this album, I still think Death Grips are the best band of the decade so far by a long shot. I might even go as far as to say the 21st century, although they have fierce competition with bands like Queens of the Stone Age and Sleater-Kinney. I doubt Death Grips would care about not being as good as Sleater-Kinney anyway though, considering Zachs worked with Janet Weiss on the Drumgasm LP which was an absolutely legendary collaboration, even just as an idea. Anyway thats what I thought of the album. If you're new to Death Grips definitely give it a listen because its fairly accessible but I'd suggest Exmilitary or The Money Store would be a better starting point.
I have nothing more to say byeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee xoxox",1,1,"May 12, 2016"
8,"Another ultra solid effort from the almighty Death Grips. It has more in common with albums like 'The Money Store' and 'No Love Deep Web' than 'The Powers That B' but takes the aggression of those aforementioned albums to the very next level.",1,1,"May 12, 2016"
8,"Death Grips definitely surprised me and the rest of their fans with this new album. I am confused on how they even get their ideas in the first place. There first mix-tape talked about the monster a human can become to now, just plain threats to the fans listening to this album. The first track, 'I Keep Giving Bad People Good Ideas' can't just be explained by the title. Although it may explain a small portion of just the surface of this track, the song cannot be defined without its performance. The next track, 'Hot Head' felt a slight weirdness for me. I know that is what Death Grips initially wants, but the delivery felt out of the ordinary. With the intro and the verses, just 'BLO.' But I can't say that I didn't want this track to be on the album or be presented first to the fans. Well even the whole album is catchy for an average Death Grips fan. [xD Meme]",1,1,"May 21, 2016"
9,"The perfect mix of Death Grips' at their most chaotic and their most accessible. It's the natural next step. Takes the best qualities of ' The Powers that B' and blends it with best qualities of 'The Money Store'. For fans of hectic rap/rap rock/punk rap. If you are trying to get into Death Grips, do not start here. Listen to 'Exmilitary' or 'The Money Store', first. An overall fantastic album.",1,1,"May 20, 2016"
0,"I don't like this album, it sounds bad to me. I prefer other bands to play more melodic music so that I can feel relaxed instead of stressed out while listening to it.",1,9,"Jun 21, 2016"
7,"I was not a big fan of Death Grips before. Too noisy, too incoherent, i just didn't understand it. With this one, they definitely won me over. Insanely catchy, so many vibes and synths that are just pure earcandy and the vocals for the most part add up really nice to the overall setting. From beginning to end, this album just kicks every ass there is. If you are willing, this album pulls you in and does not let you go. For me, i still don't like Hot Head, because i don't get, how you really can enjoy this autistic babbling by MC Ride. But tracks like the opener, Spikes, Ring A Bell, Three Bedrooms In A Good Neighbourhood, BB Poison....like **** dude.",0,5,"May 27, 2016"
9,"They just keep making great records.  Better than Jenny Death, and much more accessible.  Catchy hooks, tight production, and more rapping from Ride makes the album sound a lot more like The Money Store than anything else they've done.
If you don't dig Death Grips, you probably won't like this one either, but it would be a good album to get acquainted to them with.",0,0,"May 13, 2016"
9,"BROOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Death Grips have done it again. They are one of the most consistent producers of music, of pure quality and creativity. Their structure and instrumentation are defying what is structurally sound to music.
Fav tracks: Giving Bad People Good Ideas, Hot Head, Spikes, Eh, Bubbles Buried In This Jungle",0,0,"Aug  7, 2016"
9,"Death Grips is at it again with the album bottomless pit. The whole album sounds like an electronica rock circus. If you really liked Government Plates and The Money Store you will love Bottomless Pit.",0,0,"May 14, 2016"
10,"One of the greatest albums of all time.
Death Grips always delivers with a brutal, against the grain sound that is truly epic.
Their best release since The Money Store.
I can only surmise their rise to omnipotence will continue.",0,0,"Aug 17, 2016"
9,"This albums slams favorite band sence 2012 when TMS came out glad to see another album like it:). Song writing is lacking but still a great record cant wait to see how this band continues. NOIDED!!!!!!",0,0,"Aug 17, 2016"
10,"Although there has been a long gap (5 years, 2011's Blacklisted) in between commercial releases for Skepta, with 2016's Konnichiwa he proves that he's still on form and dare I say it, a perfect 10 this time around. This release is a slight departure from past Skepta efforts because of the fact it's easily his most accessible album. You don't have to be a dedicated grime-head to 'get it', it's simple and plain while still maintaining it's identity.
He's managed to build off of the momentum generated by the previous teasers he's dropped in the last year or so (Namely 'Lukey World', 'Top Boy' and a special Soundcloud Halloween Mix) and put out an effort that's more than deserving of the buzz it's received. 2015/2016 has really been kind to Skepta and Boy Better Know. From a Drake co-sign to an unlikely BBK/A$AP alliance, Skepta and his BBK cohorts are more than primed to hit America (if they choose to do so).
Konnichiwa is the album that stays true to it's grime, UK roots while simultaneously catching the ear of more mainstream outlets. From production, to the features (the usual [BBK, JME, Wiley, etc.]  to the unlikely [Pharrell Williams]), to Skepta himself with 5 featureless tracks), this is a well-rounded effort with something for everyone.
With Konnichiwa, Skeppy is well...he's 'Doin It Again' and whatever you do, don't call that man Junior.
(My Standout Tracks: 'Corn on the Curb', 'Crime Riddim', 'Ladies Hit Squad', 'Detox' and 'Text Me Back'.....even though all 12 are distinct in their own way)",2,2,"May 17, 2016"
8,"Whole project has been on point! Great bars, great beats and great use of grime! Favorite songs: Numbers, Shutdown, Konnichiwa, Text me back. UK Hip-hop is growing and it shouldn't be underestimated!
8/10",1,1,"May 15, 2016"
8,"Although there are gaps, where bars which are not thought about enough - could of been improved and production which seemed not fit for a grime artist, Skepta's passion pulls through for a coherent album, a staple for grime in the future and now.",1,1,"May 22, 2016"
7,"I have a varied taste in music - Grime I would label as a guilty pleasure but none the less I enjoy it - and what a way to satisfy it with a new Skepta album. Personally, I do prefer JME's 'Integrity>', but this album was still pretty good.
1. Konnichiwa: The best opening I could imagine for this album, not the best song on the album, but still very strong and the bars were consistent and well delivered. (9/10)
2. Lyrics: I was very impressed by this song, the lyrics were witty and executed perfectly. (9/10)
3. Corn on the Curb: I don't like Wiley all that much, but I liked this song. His featuring in it did make a difference and if Wiley were to produce music that sounded all like this song, I would defiantly listen to it.
4. Crime Riddim: Eh. (7/10)
5,6 & 7. It Ain't Safe, Ladies Hit Squad & Numbers: All of these songs were what knocked my score from a 9 to a 7. The rhythms weren't at all good, and Pharrell just seems to get on my nerves in 'Numbers' (5/10 for all)
8. Man: As an avid fan of Queens of the Stone Age, the sampling of 'Regular John' struck me immediately, good job, Skepta. Ignoring the really cringy video, this is one of the best songs Skepta has released. (9.5/10)
9 & 10. Shutdown & That's Not Me: We all know both of these songs, and we all know that they're both very good. (8/10 Shutdown, 8.5/10 That's Not Me)
11. Detox: I think this is THE best song Skepta has released, and therefore is my favourite on the album; go listen to it. (10/10)
12. Text Me Back: I didn't think this song was necessary. Much like 'The Empty Hourglass' from Architects most recent album, it just felt like filler. (4/10)
I'm not exactly a Grime fan, but I do occasionally listen to it and I do like most of the genre. Skepta, wake up your brother, I wouldn't mind some more material from him.",1,1,"May 28, 2016"
8,"Really enjoyed this album. Skepta does a really good job in flowing and picking the right beats. Theres just one hit after another, it has really nice feature guests (especially JME), it just goes hard. So good job to Skepta, really nice grime album :)",5,6,"May 12, 2016"
4,"Though London's experienced hip-hop artist Skepta has skill, energy and rhymes, his marketers' hope is that we get easily sucked into the fanfare behind his new album, Konnichiwa, as rap in a different UK suit for this go-around, so think two or three times before falling for the okey-doke. Skepta spits like the Dickens to his grime-y music productions, but let's face it - here, he promulgates at least a few less-than-wholesome stereotypes that have historically been pinned on males of African descent: drug-use, sex and lady craze, an avoidance of intellectual sophistication and an on-the-knees default for enjoyment and fun, constantly.",1,8,"May 11, 2016"
7,"The fanfare behind Skepta's long awaited studio album seems to have reached deafening levels in recent weeks. Clamour for the album to be a genre-defining record was mixed with fear that it would be a trumped up disappointment. Ultimately for me, it's probably a mixture of the two. One of the best qualities about this album is that it is very much Skepta's. Many UK artists can fall into the trap of reaching a level of stateside notoriety and hauling every bit-part US rapper onto their album, resulting in a watered down, pseudo-hip hop album that lacks all originality. This doesn't happen here. This album is unfailingly British. The collaborations are kept minimal, and almost all of them work out. Though the tracks on here are for the most part a tight, cohesive mix of grime bangers, there are a couple of moments where Skepta completely misses the mark (Ladies Hit Squad, which boasts a horrendous A$AP Nast feature). The album is also very short. It runs 12 songs long, less than 45 minutes, and is made all the shorter by the fact it was supported by 5 singles. Given Konnichiwa was announced 2 years ago, one can be forgiven for perhaps expecting a little more than Skepta offers here. But when all is said and done, this is a good album. Skepta's now patented blend of impressive lyricism and commercial appeal is refined into a strong series of grime bangers.",0,2,"May 14, 2016"
7,"Certainly one of the best Grime albums to come out in the past 5 years (alongside Intergrity > & Blacklisted) but it does have its faults. One of the main ones for me is the talking scenes. They're interesting the first time round but get annoying when you just want to play the album. It would be great if they were sperated into interludes. The other main fault is Pharrell Williams' hook on Numbers it is very out of place on the record. The only other problem is Skepta falls short lyrical with a few cringey one liners that could have easily been changed & improved. However saying all this it is a very good album & well worth buying for any Grime fans.",0,2,"May 17, 2016"
4,"Only half of the album had unreleased songs the other half had songs that were between 2 and 3 years old. The topics where mostly mundane and the instrumentals weren't  as grimey as they should have been for one of the biggest grime artists of 2016.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2016"
8,"For my first time listening to Skepta, I have to say that I'm very, very satisfied. This guy can rap. No seriously, this guy can RAP. He's has such great flow and lyrics, and the production in every song is just straight fire.",0,0,"Aug 15, 2016"
7,"This is very classic Aesop Rock. He did very well on the lyrics with songs ranging in themes from badgers getting in the trash, to rejecting popularity, to feeling old. Some songs are fantastic and energetic, some are deep and slower. This is a great album to start with Aesop Rock if you have not heard of him before.
You will like this album a lot if you had previously liked Aesop Rock, if you did not like Skelethon or None Shall Pass this album will not change your mind. It is not as ground breaking or shocking as his previous work. A lot of it feels and sounds similar to past projects. Some songs feel very forgettable. I liked Skelethon & None Shall Pass more in terms of beats, lyrics and music overall. But The Impossible Kid is a must have for your hip hop collection.",1,1,"May  3, 2016"
8,"Once again, Aesop Rock has come through with a lyrically dense album. Both the lyrics and beats were produced solely by Aesop, half the album was make while he spent time in a remote location at a barn, the other half in a more urban environment.",1,1,"May  6, 2016"
6,"Once again, Aesop Rock has thrown all his stuff at the wall in hopes that something sticks.  What he has always done with words including what he does here is good, but maybe instead of being incredibly lyrical he should try being just lyrical except with more straightforward, plainspoken messages.  The Impossible Kid is certainly a respectable effort, but besides its notes on getting older, not much has changed with how Aesop operates.",1,2,"May  5, 2016"
10,"like his past works his distinctive nasal voice and metaphorical word play remain stellar. handling the production by himself he crafts superb production discussing a variety of topics. another classic added to his discography",0,0,"May 13, 2016"
9,"Aesop Rock is an acquired taste, and his complex lyrical structure and vocabulary either pushes people away people from his music or draws them closer. With this project however he has made this album more accessible through his brilliant producing. It's an album that many can enjoy, even if they don't understand the underlying themes he's carefully placing in his lyrics. Tracks like Lotta years, Dorks and Shrunk are standout tracks, but I would happily put all of these songs on my playlist.",0,0,"May 14, 2016"
10,"Coming from a big Drake fan, I loved the album. His singing and vocals have improved a lot, I think that Drake and 40 made a great work here. As for the part that everyone was expecting a rap album, Drake has said several times that even though he is a rapper, and has been know for his rap skills, he likes and enjoys singing. Good to know that the 2-year wait is finally over and I'm able to have this album on repeat. :)",16,41,"Apr 29, 2016"
4,"Very underwhelming. A very lengthy album with not much standing out. Too long and repetitive to want a second listen. While there are a few catchy songs, there are a lot of cringe-worthy lines and verses in here. Features seem to be very dry and lackluster (some to the point of actually irritating to listen to) Bad features with famous artists doesn't make for a good album like many expected. Take the low points of NWTS and add in poorly intimidated 80's-90's dancehall and reggae music. 3 or 4/10",3,3,"May  2, 2016"
3,"I'm not sure anymore if Drake truly understands what made him famous. He seems to release his raps on mix tapes and his 'singing' on his full albums. Unfortunately, his 'singing' only works when the songs are well written.  These are not.  The beats are slow. The lyrics lack significantly, and I found myself nearly skipping every single song after listening through it a few times.  The only songs worth listening to are the ones that have already been released as singles. To have hyped this for so long and for it to be this bad is mind boggling to me. If anything, I always appreciated Drake because I felt like in the studio, if things didn't sound right, he'd wouldn't settle until it was perfect. Now, all I hear is hurried, lazy and uninspired songs... which is strange for an album he was apparently working on for the last year or more.",3,3,"May  6, 2016"
4,"Very disappointing album, and like many critics said, it feels bloated at 1h20min long... the quality of the lyrics just isn't there and some of the songs are painfully boring, especially the one feat Party, what a crap song... Geez... only 2-3 tracks I appreciate out of 20! I love every other Drake project since the beginning, this one is PAINFUL to listen to.",2,2,"May  6, 2016"
6,"This album is kind of what is expected from a Drake album: songs about exes and heartbreak with a few conceited bangers mixed in. While the production on the album is very strong throughout, Drake did not bring much of anything that he has not done before to the table. His lyricism throughout is repetitive and inconsistent, focusing on old relationships, just as all of his other albums do to a certain degree. It clocks in at around 80 minutes and it feels even longer, as it is a rather boring album. I'd put at the bottom of the list of Drake albums, as even the one new style he tried to introduce onto the album, the tropical style found in songs like Controlla and Hotline Bling, does not really work that well. Interestingly, I found the instrumental outros on songs like U With Me? and Faithful, among others, to be highlights of the album. Drake is very good at his craft and this album is still a solid output, but it just does not reach its full potential and definitely does not justify the hype, as it feels a bit mailed-in. 6.2/10. Stand-out tracks: U With Me?, Hype, Redemption, Still Here, One Dance, Grammys, and Views.",1,1,"May 15, 2016"
4,"Views feels like no effort was put in. More than half of the tracks were very uninteresting and basically re-scores of each other. Some of the songs are cool with great bars, rhythms, and transitions but the project itself doesn't make any sense. 40 and the producers made some great music though. I'm gonna forget this album immediately.",1,1,"May 18, 2016"
3,"Drake's supposed magnum opus finds itself falling far below expectations. The biggest issue with this album has to be the lyrics, which are mediocre at best and cringe-worthy at worst. Lines such as 'I got so many chains they call me Chaining Tatum' are so bad that I can't even muster up the desire to listen to the songs they belong to. You could have a VIEWS drinking game; whenever Drake rhymes a word with itself, take a shot - I guarantee you'll be unconscious by the 5th track. Although Drake makes up for this somewhat by surrounding his music in a few decent beats and singing, he's not s strong enough a singer to carry him as much as he relies on it to. The end of 'U got me?' was a revealing point of this album, as Drake shows more emotion and ambition than the entire rest of the album combined. Despite being a mighty 20 tracks long, VIEWS comes off as lazy and unambitious, content to stick to safer sounds and overdone subject matter. Overall, there are a few nice sounding hooks and beats on this thing, but the horrible emceeing from Drake and total lack of vision and ambition on this album makes it very skippable.",1,1,"May 18, 2016"
6,"I had high hopes with what Drake would be giving us, but alas he lets me down yet again with this laughable output. The most hyped album in Drizzys career comes up short with this unnecessarily long project that is just a mess from beginning to end. The whole beginning is so forgettable and boring that you could literally take a nap and wake up and you would still think you were listening to the same-sounding song. I could see what he was going for on this album, and a lot of Toronto-based citizens will appreciate the sound that Drake is giving back to his city, but it just falls flat to me throughout. The album started off very solidly with the first track, and ended on a high note with Hotline Bling, and there were also a few bright spots here and there, but the album as a whole is just disappointing.",1,1,"May 28, 2016"
3,"Om really not impressed with this album. There are a few good tracks but with poorly written bars. I wish that there would've been less Caribbean flavoured songs, because it all just sound redundant. And finally, the most important thing that was lacking in this album is GROWTH. He seemed to have forgot that, which is why I gave him the score of 3",1,1,"May  5, 2016"
4,"Very disappointing effort by Drake on this new album. Awful dance track production, lackluster and shallow lyrics highlight this follow-up to Nothing Was The Same. Why not a follow-up to IYRTITL? Well, it seems as if Drake forgot that IYRTITL was hailed as a positive change in direction for the artist, or forgot about creating that mixtape at all.",1,1,"May  3, 2016"
4,"An overall underwhelming album, Views is often boring, which tracks such as with 'Too Good' and 'Weston Road Flows' providing the most quality on an otherwise rather dull offering from an artist whose career seems to be past its best.",1,1,"May  3, 2016"
4,"I have never been a big fan of Drake. I've never truly enjoyed a project of his (prior to 'If You're Reading This It's Too Late' which I thought was a solid 7/10) for a myriad of reasons, but most importantly the use of bland instrumentation, the mediocre singing, the total lack of lyricism, the simp anthems, the overall 'captain save a ho' vibe, etc. He's just not my cup of tea.
Besides 'If You're Reading This..' VIEWS is my favorite Drake project so far, and I think a 4/10 is pretty accurate to what this project earns. The first track has the only legitimately ambitious instrumental on the project, half of the songs are bland, tasteless and uninteresting, there are only two actual bangers on the project, and to be honest, the best song might still be 'Hotline Bling' which has been included as a Bonus track rather than embedded within the album. I was hoping Drake would continue to realize that the whole schmuck gimmick had died off, but he fails to maintain the respect he instilled in me (and many others) with his last project.
Hopefully we get something more impressive from him next time, but honestly I doubt it.",1,1,"May  8, 2016"
4,"This is what we get after a 2 year wait? Drake didn't try anything new with this record, he gave us insecurity, whining, trust issues, and really bad struggle bars. I was a big fan of If You're Reading this It's too Late, he showed a big-boy confidence level and showed himself like he wasn't gonna be shook, the beats were dope, and it was overall cohesive. This album won't stand the test of time, and even Drake knows that because he's going to be releasing more music this summer. Not a good project, especially for something as hyped up as this.",1,1,"May  3, 2016"
1,"Worst album. Wasted my time listening to this! This is the rather disappointing. Was actually listening to take care you can tell the difference.i believe meek Mill's claims drake doesn't and can't write on his own .stuff !",1,1,"May  5, 2016"
8,"VIEWS has received mixed reviews in general from both fans and critics. However I feel that Drake's new style works for him, and it's just very different than what we're used to. And most of the songs on this album are solid. The two drawbacks are: One, the length. Rap albums are supposed to be longer than regular albums, however the standard edition of VIEWS feels like the deluxe edition, even though there is no deluxe version of the album. Two, this album has been hyped for over two and a half years, which is a little too long. Rihanna's 'Anti' went on for one and a half tears which is still long, cut at least she released a few singles. Other than that this album is pretty good, not his best work, but not his worst at all.",1,1,"Jun 15, 2016"
6,"I think the album shows a little of the best of Drake, but ...
There are times when it sounds repetitive, always, at some point of the album, their past albums come to mind, for sound somewhat similar.
Despite this, the album also has its high points, with Drake exploring new paths on some tracks, like 'One Dance' or 'Controlla', or in production, which used samples very well, something that magnifies the album.
Basically, 'Views' is a project in which Drake continues doing what he always did, which makes it a bit tiring. It's a good album, but disappointing. It could have been better if the he had risked more out of your comfort zone.",1,1,"Jul  9, 2016"
5,"Decent album overall, but it always was going to be with the quality of producers and creatives Drake surrounds himself with. Did not attempt to push the boundaries in any way or experiment with any new sounds, his discography is beginning to look like a collection of sequels to one another as opposed to stand alone projects. He will always have recognition in the industry due to commercial success, but his legacy will undoubtedly be tainted if he is unable to adapt to and create new trends.",12,14,"Apr 29, 2016"
0,"what was he thinking? bland, repetitive, lifeless, devoid of energy or creativity. just heavily pop or dancehall influenced tracks with **** forgettable bars and a near-complete lack of impressive moments that used to fill drake albums. its a typical drake album without the typical drake quality. trash.",6,7,"May  2, 2016"
5,"A very mediocre effort, something everyone should be used to from drake. album is bloated and lacks cohesion. a lot of cringe worthy bars and weak flows.  being unchallenged as the biggest name in rap really hasn't helped him",11,13,"Apr 29, 2016"
5,"The track list for this album initially put me off, because for me personally, 20 songs is a lot for an album. When it did come to the time to listen to it, by the 6th track i felt like it was dragging. I read some of his quotes and understood the theme he was going for but still thought too many tracks were included. I listened to the album a couple times over and maybe enjoyed 5 songs in total (maybe 6 if he would've left Popcaan on Controlla). The production was great at some points but the album felt incohesive as a whole and honestly didn't live up to the hype. For someone who is undoubtedly one of the biggest rappers out right now the album felt safe and doesn't show much growth. u with me, feel no ways, with you, summers over interlude and fire & desire are some of highest points of his album along with the production.",11,13,"Apr 29, 2016"
6,"I think Drake as an Artist is Dope and is very smart with his moves. Every time Drake has released a project whether an Album or surprise Mix-tape he has elevated the game. And each time there was a consistent progression in style and sound.
On first listen, Views it did not give me an overwhelming feeling one way or the other. But to be honest neither did some other really good albums that have stood the test of time, so It will probably grow on me. But its disappointing to see an Artist at the apex of his career just re-package the same thing he just gave us. Overall, Views is a commercially 'safe' album.
My brother and I had a similar conversation when Rihanna released 'Work' which I was luke warm on when it came out but then found myself singing it like a rash I couldn't get rid of. Now its one of my favorite songs from her. But I don't know if that's the kind of full Album I want from an Artist who is the Biggest Rap Star on the Planet. 'Worst Behavior' was one of the edgiest records I'd heard  in years and 'hotline Bling' was f*cking Brilliant. Drake is Smart, as a fan of his music I just hope he continues to be edgy.
In the 80's, Superstar Eddie Murphy at the top of his Game was asked why he doesn't do stand up anymore and his answer was: 'it's hard to be funny when your writing jokes on a $80,000 Oak Desk'. Maybe the same goes for making a rap album when your View is from the back of a Rolls Royce Wraith.",8,10,"Apr 29, 2016"
5,"After 3 full listens: Favorite song is U With Me. Theres some parts in some songs that stick out to me but theres not really any songs as a whole that stick out. The singing sounds a bit forced and is kinda boring and the lyrics are really lacking. He says a lot of the same stuff but without the flare.",8,10,"Apr 29, 2016"
3,"Now I enjoyed drake's earlier stuff including his earlier albums from the early 2010's, but this new album has got to be the worst albums drake has ever made, but more painfully it is also one of the worst albums of 2016, drake looks like he so lost in this it's hopeless, none of these songs are interesting except 2, the lyrics look more pathetic than ever, the beats are stupid and drake is just plain tired, this is a haplessly and hopeless piece of material that I think should be the beginning of the end of drake, a real big letdown, I gave it a d.",4,5,"May  2, 2016"
3,"Drake. The man who somehow became the biggest name in Rap without actually rapping. Views comes just a few short years after his last solo album 'Nothing Was The Same'. In the meantime Drake released a solo mixtape 'If You're Reading This, It's Too Late' which was solid, but nothing game changing. Then his mixtape with Future that spawned the single 'Jumpman' where Drake just Drakes all over Future beats while Future was just there for the ride. Then during all that he won a very lob-sided feud over Meek Mill. Though Mill had a better position on the issue, Drake slaughtered him with a series of pretty mediocre diss tracks.
It's been a solid five years since Drake has release a great album. His 2011 album 'Take Care' was nothing short of phenomenal. With a few duds at the end, it wasn't a classic, but it does have a big handful of the best tracks Drake has ever had anything to do with. Views is basically tracks 12-18 on Take Care but less interesting. It's slow, uninspired, lazy lyrics and nothing that tells you to stick around.
Drake completely out-draked Drake in the most Drake way possible in Views. At twenty tracks long we hear some tracks that could have been enjoyable had the beats been a little bit more pronounced and in your face, but they all seem extremely watered down. To make matters worse Drake took out the features from Poppocan, Kanye West and Jay Z. Drake just Drakes all over every single track and even when there is a guest feature, Drake shows up and Drakes over their part. It's almost as if he just can't handle not having complete control over this album. What's sad is that the guest features on this album are the parts that give this album life, but they're so few and far between the album just seems dead in between.
Lyrically the album is so Drake that it hurts. It's so uninspired, and it spawns some of the weakest lines ever put into a rap song. 'Like when Crystler made that one car that looked just like the bently.' What in the? It's like Drake can't have enough Drake so he's having conversations with himself in the music. It's painful to say the least.
Ultimately this Drake is so Drake that not even Drake can Drake enough. So Drake just Drakes all over this Drake and Drake just Drakes Drake Drake. Drake.
This Drake Gets Three Drakes out of Ten Drakes.",7,9,"May  2, 2016"
1,"Decent Production. Bad Songwriting. = Overall underwhelming and disappointing album. Quantity over quality for sure is the mantra of this album. Pablo continues to hold the album of the year crown. One Dance is the best song of album",6,8,"Apr 30, 2016"
4,"Another album of typical Drake fare. This album should be enough to reveal that Drake is a one-trick pony, incapable of any real emotional introspection, but as long as he maintains the hype we can expect 4 more albums of the same in the future. The album's only saving grace is the production, a recurring theme in modern mainstream Hip-Hop (have you heard The Life of Pablo?). For all his talk of growth and vocal prowess, there is little of both here. Not a bad album, but certainly not one with any real replay value.",6,8,"May  1, 2016"
5,"Most instrumentally impressive, most lyrically unimpressive. It took me three listens to get through the entire album. Seems more like a stream-of-consciousness rather than a planned effort.",3,4,"May  7, 2016"
0,"what was he thinking? bland, repetitive, lifeless, devoid of energy or creativity. just heavily pop or dancehall influenced tracks with **** forgettable bars and a near-complete lack of impressive moments that used to fill drake albums. its a typical drake album without the typical drake quality. trash.",3,4,"Jun 20, 2016"
6,"With a couple pf listens through the album, it's safe to say it did not live up to the hype but there was no way of living up to the hype it was getting. Drake played it very safe with this album, adding no creativity. It's still a decent album, it's not bad enough to wake up the hypnotized fans of Drake who worship him as a god. The hype for this album was so overboard, I feel the surprise release mix tape from a year ago  'If You're Reading This It's Too Late' was better.",11,15,"Apr 29, 2016"
0,"If there's one phrase that could sum this album up it would be; lack of growth. This album is boring, the R&B which dominates the album lacks any sort of excitement, the rap lacks any lyricism and is the same flow you'd expect to hear. For being the 'top of the game' you'd expect this album to be groundbreaking, to bring growth, to set a new standard for others to follow. But this album just brings all the different drakes we've heard and puts them in an underwhelming yawn of an album.",8,11,"Apr 30, 2016"
3,"This is pretty much Drake's worst album, It's boring, rushed, and just repetitive. The best songs on the album were already released before the album. I gave it a 3 star to be nice",10,14,"Apr 30, 2016"
6,"Decent album, but kinda deceiving. I respect artists that try to be creative by making new stuff on every new project. Sadly, Views is basically Take Care mixed with If You're Reading This It's Too Late. To me Nothing Was The Same is his best album (and even it would be better with more singing) because it had good beats and all of them sounded different. I'm getting tired of the trap beats Drake raps on. His mixtape was full of them but it was not an actual studio album, it was really successful and also that was new to him, so I understand that. But the rap songs here have average lyrics and beats are not that good as some of his diehard fans claim. There are certainly some catchy tracks on Views and some good moments, but he seems to be at a point on his career where he doesn't know which direction he should take. He made this album to please his fans, now for the next time he should make an album to please the art.",7,10,"Apr 30, 2016"
1,"Decent Production. Bad Songwriting. = Overall underwhelming and disappointing album. Quantity over quality for sure is the mantra of this album. Pablo continues to hold the album of the year crown.",8,12,"Apr 29, 2016"
0,"you would think an album called views from the 6 (og title) would have a tight concept about where this **** is from...tales about how the city made him who he is today...but just going thru these songs and thinking back to previous albums....the main topics dude ever touches are past relationships and **** about his boys that he grew up with or close friends...I have not one **** clue how 'the 6' influenced this ****s childhood to make him the man he is today.....I literally thought this was the route the album was going but instead it's another ok album with off-key singing about a **** that he wanted (or had) that got saved by auto tune and depressed flows about nothing I could give a **** about...you can tell this **** lived a somewhat sheltered life or it was boring as **** where he lived....you can't be this predictable with your music beloved...
I'm not asking for street tales either...we all know that's not his steez...but good lord...I could give one of my fav. rappers the title 'views from the 6' as a concept and say go to work and I would be expecting some crazy creative **** about toronto, growing up, influences, the ups n downs....music that make go :wow: this **** is a problem....I've honestly never felt that way about any of this ****s music...it just don't resonate with me like that. I just knew this **** was gonna be lackluster because I just knew that title was just what it was...a title, he doesnt have that 'gift' to craft the **** I expect from 'one of the best rappers in the game' type ****s...",8,12,"Apr 29, 2016"
5,"Not his best. In fact, If You're Reading This It's Too Late and Take Care are more interesting listens than this. The die hard drake fans will enjoy, but it won't be a big album for the casual fan.",8,12,"Apr 29, 2016"
0,"Drake goes WAY to safe on this on. This album literally lulled me to sleep. Nothing new or exciting on this album. If you are looking for bangers similar to the ones on 'If You Are Reading this It's Too Late' you will not find them here.",8,12,"Apr 29, 2016"
1,"I am a drake fan. for sure. I wanted to love this album like all his past ones... I truly did........but this album sucked. I've listened to it 5 times trying so hard to get into it. its not working for me. sorry, bruh.",6,9,"Apr 30, 2016"
0,"lame trap beats with uninspired production and average lyrics. Drake's VIEWS are limited and show his one dimensionality as a rapper and failure to branch out from his traditional style and make his work more interesting",6,9,"May  1, 2016"
5,"I came into this Album thinking, How could Drake possibly outdo Nothing Was the Same....Well....unfortunately, He did not succeed in doing so. With so many late night ride tracks on Nothing Was the Same, I feel as though Drake was playing it safe yet giving us diversity. 40 showed up well on the tracks but I think after If You Reading its Too Late often reaps its head here. Just to keep it quick, I see 20 tracks and I did not get that goose bump sense or that repeat vibe from tracks. Mixing afropop, 80s, 90s, up tempo sounds, Drake's new album seem like it would have fit between Take Care and Nothing was the Same as apposed to a true Successor. While some tracks give creative us 'Okay Drake you got me' moments, its just few and far. Tracks to listen in on: 9, U With Me, Weston Road Flows, Views, and the song I can repeat right now most would say its something straight out of 808's and Heartbreak is Feel No Ways. Is it worth the Buy? Maybe, considering the amount of content offered. However, quality is always better than quantity.",4,6,"Apr 30, 2016"
3,"I myself was disappointed in this album, after how long it took and how disappointing his 2015 projects were, i was pretty damn let down by this album, views from the 6? more like views from the 6/20",2,3,"May  2, 2016"
5,"it's actually so mediocre, it's not that good :( I really expected more from Drake but to be honest zayn's and beyonce's albums are the best of 2016 so far",2,3,"May 13, 2016"
6,"I was very disappointed i expected so much more, Drake barley raps on this. The sound is all over the place one second its rap ,than r n b, then reggie it just comes of as unfinished. Additionally this has the most mediocre tracks out of any drake project",13,20,"Apr 29, 2016"
0,"An album that could definitely benefit from some resequencing and fat-trimming of the filler cuts from a tracklist that is bloated, sluggish and boring, with a few moments of brilliance and some excellent standout tracks.",7,11,"Apr 30, 2016"
0,"Esperava muito mais. Acho que com tantas expectativas acabei me frustando com um lbum to fraco.
espero gostar com o tempo, mas at o momento no me desceu",7,11,"Apr 29, 2016"
5,"Noah '40' Shebib is a fantastic producer, but he was faced with an impossible task here in making this project interesting from start to finish. The subject matter was classic Drake, with boasts of being on top and laments of relationships gone wrong and friendships turned sour. It was all surface level, with no great detail of any of these stories offered to keep the listener interested. Similar ground was covered to a superior standard on Take Care & NWTS. It continues to baffle me how Drake is so popular. His songs are beginning to blur together at this point- identical tempos and subject matter & uncreative, meandering flows sang with the same puppy dog inflection. It's all getting very boring now. Drake is due a major reinvention as an artist (subject matter, production, flows, ANYTHING) if he wants to go down with the greats and I'm very disappointed it didn't come close to fruition on this album. It was all one long interlude with not much happening, lots of filler, forgettable features and an impressive production style that all the same grew very tiresome due to a lack of variation over what was a way overlong album. I have no doubt the masses will eat this up but that is more of a sad indictment of the fickle nature of music 'fans' rather than an appraisal of Drake's talent behind a mic, which is exposed as no more than average album-by-album.",7,11,"Apr 30, 2016"
1,"ALBUM IS SAFE AND ABSOLUTELY BORING. NOAH '40' SHEBIB is in top form but ya boy Drake..........I dunno what's happening. This harkens back to the days of take care with the level of introspection and all. Only difference is the subject matter is now tired and repetitive: you still got Drake wallowing in his woes, reminiscing on his past and ex tales. This should have worked but it's so surface level that it fails to grab my attention , and that's not good considering this is a 20 track record.
Drake is absolutely dominating mainstream hip hop and has no competition when it comes to appeal and sales. Maybe that's the problem; maybe that's why he sounds so bored and maybe that's why this album is  so boring imo.",5,8,"Apr 30, 2016"
0,"Overall this album is really boring and shows no growth what so ever from Drake. He's to scared to take risks and it feels like another redundant Drake album that we haven't heard before.",8,13,"Apr 30, 2016"
3,"IYRTITL is my favourite of Drake's projects and I loved Hotline Bling so I was really looking forward to this but unfortunately I'm really disappointed. This album is a bloated, half-assed snoozefest. Future's verse on Grammys is straight up one of the worst verses on any track that I've heard all year. Hotline Bling is still great, but other than that, Pop Style and a couple tracks near the beginning of the album, there is nothing here that is worth revisiting. I'm really not a fan of this recent trend in hip hop where the artists will just release a ton of songs on an album and totally disregard any kind of quality control; it leads to this, which is an album consisting primarily of a few good singles and a bunch of b-sides. If he could've cut this down to like 9 or 10 tracks I think it might have actually been decent but this is not worth 70+ minutes of anyone's time. 3/10",11,18,"Apr 29, 2016"
6,"This album was absolutely TERRIBLE. It's disgustingly trash. This album apparently had years of hype and it failed to live up to even 1% of it. This was supposed to be Drake's greatest album yet. Instead of that it was just a messy album filled with different sounds that were mediocre in themselves. As far as rapping goes he struggles to lift off the concrete and soar in the sky like someone of his caliber should. I could find soundcloud rappers who rap better than him. His flow is always on point though. The production on this album is interesting and amazing as well. Unfortunately the main thing that drags this album down is it's inability to live up to the years of hype, and his soul sapping boring flow, the struggle bars, and lack of any rapping talent past his flow and aggressiveness.
Now I see why you're done with the Hype Drake, and now I am too. 3/5",9,15,"Apr 29, 2016"
6,"Drake is not progressing as an artist.  He used up all his tracks on 'In case you're reading this its too late'.  I don't believe he knew how commercially successfully that mixtape would be.  I believe that is a genuinely talented - as evident by his acting and previous classic albums.  This album is by no means great.  It's dull and lacks any theme. 20 tracks is outrageous especially throwing in Hotline Bling is just bizarre.  There are a few good tracks in this album, & proper use of samples. But as an album this isn't cohesive whatsoever.",3,5,"May  2, 2016"
5,"Come on mehn Drake? Seriously? Right now, you're at the top of mainstream rap, and you give us this recycled Nothing Was the Same dump? Really? This album should have been your white album, yet you again played it safe... wasted potential.",3,5,"May  3, 2016"
6,"Listening to 'Views' was entirely frustrating. It's clunky, bloated, irritating and occasionally downright boring. But with that said, there is some interesting material rammed into this 20 track offering.
On this release, Drake tosses everything he's ever done to rap out the window to focus on R&B and dancehall, which are seen as primary influences in the middle of the record ('Controlla', 'One Dance'). On tracks that do contain rap, the bars seem tired and lacking passion compared to his older LPs. Still, there is a bit of grit on standout tracks 'Still Here' and 'U With Me?'. This back and forth between genres, though seemingly unfocused, somewhat aligns with Drake's goal of creating a record that starts in winter, cycles through summer and returns to winter.
The record has a story and interesting tones as well as several excellent tracks but overall it seems too packed and way overhyped. 20 tracks doesn't seem necessary. At least 7 weren't needed at all and others could've been shortened or condensed into other songs.
Overall, nearly 90% of everything on Views was a risk and maybe 50% of that risky material paid off. The other stuff? Kind of forgettable. Stick with 'Take Care' and 'Nothing Was the Same' and come back to 'Views' when you're finally tired of them.
And I'm still mad 'Controlla' was ruined. Popcaan >>",7,12,"Apr 30, 2016"
0,"When first listening to the able i was under the assumption that there will be bars on every song, I was wrong. Pop style was the only the song where drake wasn't trying to be a **** Canadian Frank Ocean. THE EMPEROR HAS NEW CLOTHES",7,12,"Apr 30, 2016"
3,"Even for those who enjoy this album.. its not a 10. So please don't take any 10/10 review seriously. These are Drake stans trying to make themselves like an incredibly mediocre album. They think by getting a high rating other people will magically agree that its good. This is not a good album. The singing portion lacks any form of catchy melody, his attempts at 'new flows' are bad and otherwise he brings nothing new to the table. With new talents like Tory Lanez and Bryson Tiller it was really foolish to release a primarily singing album when he can't really sing. The lyricism is non-existent and hes basically saying the same stuff he always has but he lacks the flair he had in the past. Overall I'm really disappointed. Go refresh yourself by looking at the Take Care trackless.. quickly you remember how memorable they were. None of the songs on Views will resonate with you the way those did.",11,19,"Apr 29, 2016"
3,"The album is way too long. It was dreadful getting through the whole thing. It also sounds very redundant. Same sounds, same vocals, same beats. Being the biggest rapper, drake has the spotlight on him and unfortunately he did not deliver. And this is coming from a drake fan",8,14,"Apr 30, 2016"
5,"Dull, Tedious, Boring, Monotonous, Repetitious, Uneventful
This album us a tiresome journey that you can't wait to be over even before it really starts.",4,7,"May  1, 2016"
0,"No clear direction and atleast 14 of the songs sounded like fillers he just threw in. I cannot stress how repetitive this album is, from the content to the lack of direction. Very messy and slight boring at times. No exciting factor. I have to say the hype for this album was merely hype and the album didnt live up to the hype.",9,16,"Apr 29, 2016"
0,"Did not live up to the hype of the apple promotion. Disshoveled  and out of place tracks, songs that could have been from his old albums no clear path or creative meaning, gotta say as a drake fan this is one of his worst album. I hope he learns from this mistake in the future and evolves",9,16,"Apr 29, 2016"
9,"THIS ALBUM IS PERFECT !!!!
Drake is King. Too Good, Controlla and One Dance are HOLLY FVKING TRINITY. Every song is masterpiece. Anyway I really love it. Well done Drizzy !!!!!",5,9,"Apr 30, 2016"
0,"Views is in fact pretty much all hype and no substance. The production is nice but even that isn't outstanding, just a revisit of earlier modes and styles of sound. Very disappointing and lazy album.",6,11,"May  2, 2016"
3,"Okay, for all of you who think I'm just hating on Drake & thinks that Meek Mill totally won that battle (which he didn't), I actually like Drake. I used to have a distaste for him, then he released a great album (If Your Reading This, It's Too Late) and Mixtape (What a Time To Be Alive). Hell, I even liked Take Care. Summer Sixteen was a great single I thought. This is criticism based on a artistic perspective, not a hater perspective.
How are the singles on this thing. First, Pop Style doesn't have the Throne on here, which I thought on that track they were a wasted opportunity on there, so, that's alright. One Dance is EASILY, one of the WORST songs I've heard this year so far. I hoped this stayed off here, but, it's here and I am mad. Faithful is the same, a good track, Pimp C is good on it. I don't hate it. I do hate how Hotline Bling is on here. SERIOUSLY, IT MAKES NO SENSE LYRICALLY AND IT MAKES ME WANT TO FALL ASLEEP! Same goes for the album. I never wanted Thank Me Later Drake again. But we got him, and it's WORSE than that album. He's only rapping on about 5-6 tracks, where we got the If Your Reading This Drake. In fact, I did like a few of his singing tracks, like Faithful, Weston Road Flows, and Controlla. I did also like 9, Hype, With You, Grammys, Childs Play, and Views. That's it for highlights. I'm fine with slow moving Hip-Hop, if it's done well. Here, it's not, no, not at all. If you only actually LOVE 2-20 tracks (Weston Road Flows and Views) you didn't do something right drake. The beat work is mediocre, the lyrics are sloppy, Drake's story isn't interesting, the features are average, and it's way too long (which doesn't help it being slow moving). Why didn't I give it a 1 or a light 2? Well, I enjoyed 9 tracks, but only came out with 2 that i legit will enjoy for a long time. If he put Summer 16 on here, he would've came out with half i enjoyed and 3 i loved. In fact, remove One Dance, Too Good, Summers Over (the non sensical interlude). redemption, Hotline Bling, U With Me?, Feel No Ways, and Still Here. Put a Summer Sixteen and a few actually good tracks that have not been released yet, you can cut the track list down 1/4 and a 1/2 AND have a good album. As of now though, this is his WORST album yet. Sad to give this a....
3/10",11,21,"Apr 29, 2016"
10,"This album is unbelievable, it has everything. From an ''artistic'' point of view, everything is so cohesive. Even though all tracks have their own strong identity. From a technical point of view, I'm an audio engineer and I never heard something so well mixed and mastered of my life... It's all so perfect, everything hits perfectly, all the elements are CLEAR and smooth at the same time. Lot of different colours, nuances and it's full of little secrets that you'll discover trough the time. It really is a masterpiece.",8,16,"Apr 29, 2016"
3,"Found it weak, basic, repetitive in its beat. Seems like he has been doing the same thing for all his albums, time to change it up. I was expecting something more sense it has been four albums since his best album, 'Take Care.'",6,12,"May  1, 2016"
2,"Views is in fact pretty much all hype and no substance.  The production is nice but even that isn't outstanding, just a revisit of earlier modes and styles of sound.  Drake does a lot of singing and little rapping and when he does rap, you don't need to buckle your seat belts.  It's that safe.  Just a lot of talk on stale rotten love and Drake's selfish spoiled boy braggadocio.",5,10,"Apr 30, 2016"
5,"Simply put, this doesn't feel like it's by the same Drake and 40 who brought us Take Care and Nothing Was The Same, two albums that are classics.
I mean, has anybody else heard the songs 'Days In The East', 'Views From The 6' (that one leaked song), or 'Can I'?! Those songs sounded darker and edgier than everything else Drake has done, and I expected to hear a darker, edgier follow-up to Nothing Was The Same. Instead, there's a bunch of cliche Drake songs and re-hashings of his previous sounds. There are some dope tracks, but it's disappointing to see Drake and 40 not challenge themselves. Drake even mentioned that he made most of the album last winter, which doesn't make sense to me because he's been 'working' on the album for 2 years now; doesn't he have ANYTHING to show for it besides this?
Plus, why did Drake feel the need to do dancehall songs on one of his solo albums? It comes across as uninspired. If you're going to pull a Kendrick Lamar and get into another genre, you have to do it right. Drake clearly just wants to sell a lot of albums and get more fans than what he has. I really hope he redeems himself and saves his legacy on his next album.",4,8,"May  1, 2016"
2,"Views is the pinnacle of mediocrity and an artist who has given up on his craft. Drake's lost all of his ambition and now relies purely on the size of his fanbase. He no longer cares to make great music, just meme-generating generic radio-friendly tracks to cash in on as little effort as possible. This album reeks laziness from his bars to his flows. The quality producers surrounding Drake is the only thing keeping this record afloat. The producers are responsible for the two points I give this project.",4,8,"Apr 30, 2016"
4,"This n*gga is not for me. I don't want to hate, just sayin' I don't like this **** I mean, all the falsetto and soft beats....ain't hip hop. 20 songs and all have this n*gga singing falsetto. I mean, you have Pimp c on the album and even that track is WEAK. Who is ridin' listening to this album? Girls and fakes, I could see. But this ain't for me and I ain't buyin'.",3,6,"Apr 30, 2016"
8,"If you expected a 11/10 album, then don't listen to it. It's Drake doing what he does best on any actual album we ever got from him and 40, IYRTITL is NOT an album, it's a mixtape, that 40 didn't have too much influence over. This album is not filled with 20 bangers that are gonna be bumped in the club 24/7. This album is not on a Kendrick level of lyricism. What this album offers is refined production filled with songs that can appeal to ANY person. There are songs that will appeal to your heart. There are songs that will appeal to your feet and get you dancing. There are also a couple bangers. If you are one of those people that expected Drake to come out with 20 songs of epic fire, then go listen to something else.
The album is decent. It needs a couple listens to understand all the nuances. Those of you that became Drake fans after IYRTITL, you won't like this album.",3,6,"Apr 30, 2016"
10,"A grower but once you get into it you'll love it. People are afraid of Drakes success that why they're giving it low scores, listen to it yourself and then do that again and again and you'll love it",3,6,"May  3, 2016"
3,"A complete misfire worth of 'Tha Carter IV' and, even worse, 'LASERS' status. The lack of preparation and focus is evident on this project, proving it the black sheep in a great catalog.",1,2,"May  3, 2016"
5,"Mediocre at best. Majority of songs were very sloppy and seemed to be made with little effort. It was a forgettable album as nothing stood out lyrically or musically, and just disappointing considering all the hype around this album before it's release.",1,2,"Jul  9, 2016"
3,"Complete utter trash....I was expecting so much more and fell asleep on the first listen, no lie. This was suppose to be a classic but it was a disappointed.",1,2,"May  3, 2016"
5,"Not a very good album all things considered. The album sounds like a mixture of all his past albums. You can hear Take Care, Nothing Was the Same and IYARTITL/WATTBA on various tracks on the album. It just get boring since you have heard these exact tracks before. His lyrics are the same no lie. He is saying exactly the same things we have heard from him on previous tracks/albums. No progression whatsoever. The only new sound we get on this album is the afro-pop inspired sound (on just 2/3 tracks). If he had made an album based on that sound, this album would have been killer since the tracks with that sound are the best on the album (One Dance, Hotline Bling, Too Good). Many of the tracks sound like something any rap artist of nowadays would make, which is a very bad thing to say about anyone, least of all Drake. Drake needs to step up to the plate and explore within his soul to create a masterpiece, not this. 6/10",10,21,"Apr 29, 2016"
3,"This is pretty much Drake's worst album, It's boring, rushed, and just repetitive. The best songs on the album were already released before the album.  I gave it a 3 star to be nice.",12,26,"Apr 29, 2016"
0,"Lazy album which lacks his once creative touch. I feel like the album is too consumed into creating memorable lyrics that it forgets about memorable music. I would not adivse to purchase or even stream - I'm sure (hope) the hype for the album will simmer down and Drake gets back to his old style.",6,13,"May  1, 2016"
3,"Just general Drake. Nothing new or exciting, didn't live up to the hype considering he's 'the biggest/best rapper of our generation'. I mean its quite sad that arguably the best song is something that we've heard and has peaked already. Need more from him but i guess it is what it is.",11,24,"Apr 29, 2016"
9,"Drake and his producers in top form. Loving the album as a whole, captivating and complex productions with Drake doing this thing on em effortlessly and having fun at the same time. Every one of his features delivered too. Views only has a few big guest names like Future and Rihanna but they have great chemistry with him musically ('Grammys' is going to be a summer banger like Jump Man). There aren't many disses towards Meek or anyone he's made enemies with, but if you listen closely you'll find some hard subtle jabs on a few tracks like 'Hype'. I'm glad he didn't make those distractions the focus of the album though and made it more about his roots, his family and the city he represents.  Overall, I think this is Drake's best and most cohesive sounding work to date; he's really found what makes him consistent and refined it to the maximum. Views definitely lives up to the hype and I think it will be seen by many as a classic album in the near future.",10,22,"Apr 29, 2016"
2,"Really disappointing in my opinion. I have enjoyed Drakes music in the past but this album is just very boring to listen to in my opinion and just sounds so similar to his other work. Needs new direction a new sound a new style; just something to switch it up.",9,20,"Apr 29, 2016"
4,"Only good songs on the album are One Dance and Too Good. Could have been better with more relevant features. Probably one with Nicki Minaj? It does not beat his previous efforts.",4,9,"Apr 30, 2016"
5,"The album is everything I didn't want it to be. I was very excited for the release but found it to be quite disappointing. Drake has completely embraced his label as a popstar and in doing so has released a 'pop rap' album. He sounds like he's singing for the sake of it and the diversity of the songs suffers as a result. It's  uninspired lyrically and the subject matter is almost identical on every track. A album that has played it too safe compared to the risks taken in NWTS and IYRTITL.",4,9,"Apr 30, 2016"
0,"Congrats Drake. Just when I thought your newer music couldn't get any worse you dumped this load of steaming hot garbage. Probably the worst album of the year so far, the flow in the songs is messy and really doesn't leave me wanting to come back to listen again. To be fairly honest it makes me want to stab myself.",7,16,"Apr 29, 2016"
0,"I've listened to all the songs and none of them stood out. Infact it sounds like most of his previous albums. No evolving and shallow lyrics. No direction and no creativity. Have to say Im very disappointed",7,16,"Apr 29, 2016"
1,"Overrated and repetetive album. All of drakes albums sound the same i have yet to see him evolve musically. Its always the same bridges and same redundant choruses. I have to say im disappointed",9,21,"Apr 29, 2016"
8,"Drake is genius, Drake is King, Drake is the man to follow.
I love you Drake and VFT6 makes me love you even better. Drake can rap and he can sing too, he's not afraid to try new types of music, to take risks. He's renewing his self constantly. His feat with Rihanna on Too Good, is beyond my expectations. I have 10/20 favs songs but the rest is also really good.
Drake surprised me and has done an incredible job. 8/10.",3,7,"Apr 30, 2016"
2,"so, so many issues. 1) the mixing is bad; it's like drake's voice and the drums in the song are always in the front of the production, while everything else sounds distant. 2) he needs to stop trying to speak jamaican patois because he couldn't speak it for his life if he had to. 3) some songs on this album are flat out boring. 4) the lyricism is terrible in this album; such as 'you toyin with it like happy meal', 'what are those', etc this album is pretty much just him being emotional over exes and nothing more, nothing less.
the production is poorly mixed and boring in general.
only giving it a two because I like hotline bling enough for a two.",3,7,"Apr 30, 2016"
10,"Okay so first of all, i dont really see where all the hate is coming from. It just doesnt make any sense in my eyes to hate on this album like some people on here do. One of those people is the user 'SXN80' - i love the nickname, he really made sure nobody would realize he's a kendrick stan and just here to hate on the AOTY - he goes on a rant and rates 3 out of 10. WOW, nobody can look 100% objectively at things but 3/10? Come on man!
Ok so the album starts with the song 'Keep The Family Close' - one of drakes best intros for sure - which gives the album directly from the start some kind of movie feeling. I personally think the Song sounds like some kind of James Bond theme song. Love it!
The next song is '9'. At first i really thought this song was lame and mediocre, but after a few listens it grew on me pretty much. But to me this is probably still one of the weaker songs on the album. But this song just shows again perfectly how you have to let the album sink in before writing a negative review on metacritic.
The next few songs are really really great.
'U with me?' Is probably together with 'Weston Road Flows' my favorite song on the whole thing. Great atmosphere + nice beat switch up = great song! Nothing more to say.
'Feel No Ways', man the production on this one... damn! Again one of the better songs on 'VIEWS'.
'Hype' is a great party tune. After my first listen i knew pretty soon that this is going to be one of my favs.
'Weston Road Flows'. Like i said probably ties with 'U WIth Me?' for me, but those tunes are exactly my type of song.
'Redemption' got that late night vibe to it, really like it.
'With you' is one of the few songs i just cant stand on this one. I dont know but this sounds to dumb and chart orientated in my opinion.
'Faithful' is take care era drakes return! I already got one girl i connect to this song lmao.
'Still Here' again a more hyped track. Sounds nice!
'Controlla'! Ok so this one is going to be a chartbreaker for sure! Its probably one of the greatest summer themed songs i've ever listened to! Wow!
'One Dance' We already know this one, not really my type of song but still pretty cachy!
'Grammys' is a great turn up song, but man futures part couldve been better, still a great song though.
'Childs Play' is the second song for me on this album that just wont grow on me. Dont like this song, sounds exactly like 'With you' too childish. lmao the irony on this one.
'Pop Style' is - like one dance - one of the songs we already knew, and honestly i dont get why so much hate is concentrated on this song! I love it, especially the part 'I cannot be gotten thats a given', hypes me up every time.
'Too Good' is one of those soon to be chart breakers on 'VIEWS'. Very catchy and overall a great song with a beautiful feature.
The interlude after this fits quite nice and sounds great aswell.
'Fire & Desire' - this song is perfect for you when you're in a relationship!
'Views' - a great outro for a great album!
Overall i'd give it a 9/10 but since the user score is like 6.5 thanks to **** like 'SXN80' i gotta rate it 10/10.",3,7,"May  2, 2016"
10,"best drake album. noah '40' did an exelent work on prduction.
this is a cmbination of all the drake stuff from previous albums, plus, some new styles ike the ones we see on controlla, too good or one dance. have some R&B stuff and of course great rap verses.
If you like Drake from the beginning your mind will blown with this album. Drake consolidates his career with this, he is clearly a grown artist and one of the most successful rapers of all time.",6,15,"Apr 29, 2016"
10,"This is one of those albums that will grow on most people after a few listens. Lyrically, it isn't too much different from his other projects, but he uses many different flows and sounds to get the same ideas across. He's still the greatest artist in hip hop and anything he touches becomes gold.",4,10,"Apr 30, 2016"
9,"At first the album seemed some what lackluster but like a lot of hip hop albums it grows on you. There are no songs on here I would skip after giving it a couple listens its really grown on me and I have enjoyed it more than any album I have listened to in a while. Certainly met the hype in my opinion.",4,10,"May  1, 2016"
2,"Drake ain't developing. Always the same...Less crying & singing, more rapping please. Album is wack. I'm giving 2 coz '9' and 'Hype' were good. The rest is trash.",2,5,"May  2, 2016"
9,"SOLID album, not perfect, but definitely a culmination of all of his previous work, just refined. Slightly agree that he played it a bit too safe, especially in his verses. Doesn't have a lot of punch lines that will stick with you like some of his previous work in IYRTITL and Nothing Was The Same, but the distinctiveness of each song and mixing is definitely there. Listen to this album in order from the first track with headphones on, the same way you listened to Nothing Was The Same, or other introspective albums. I read somewhere that this is more of a 3am after the club album than a 12am club banger album and that is totally fine. The big hits are Pop Style, One Dance, Hype, Too Good, and Still Here, while others really really grew on me like Redemption, Fire & Desire. He has a lot of different sounds in this album but they all fit TORONTO, which is something people do not understand. The diversity, the energy and the seasonal variation is felt throughout the album. Songs like Feel No Ways, Keep the Family Close, and Views are examples of this. One major criticism I have is for an album titled VIEWS (previously from the 6), I felt like his songwriting was really lacking. He had lots of chances from tracks like Keep the Family Close, U With Me?, Weston Road Flows, and Views to really tell his story, but they were dragged down by repetition about ex-girlfriends and the life of a rapper. I missed the well written verses from tracks like Too Much, Know Yourself, etc. from his previous work. Overall, FAR FROM a bad album. Don't listen to the haters, give this one a chance, let it grow on you and just enjoy the vibes. 2nd best Drake album after Nothing Was The Same.",2,5,"May  1, 2016"
9,"Drake realemnte can do albums !
It is incredible , from the composition of melody and finishing . Drake knew how to make a simple and strong and impactful lyrics album.
Maybe there was a little overstaffed content that do not particularly find interesting in one.
But that does not take away Merio this excellent work",2,5,"May  2, 2016"
5,"Not a bad album, has a couple songs I really like. Most are very mediocre unfortunately. There was no growth at all from Drake, I find it hard to believe this took 2 years to make. Underwhelming and generic for the most part.",3,8,"Apr 30, 2016"
10,"Great album. Shows a very diverse side to drakes vocal talent and overall production on the album is stellar. Perhaps not the album we will acknowledge as great right away, but certainly an album worth giving a few listens to before making a final verdict. I listened initially and didn't feel it at all. Listened two more times and now I can't stop. This is a strong piece of work by Drake, at his most vulnerable and talented I think.",3,8,"May  1, 2016"
10,"This is the Take Care Drake we've wanted back for so long. 40 & Drake do their thing like only they can do. Fans of Trapper Drake should continue listening to If You're Reading This. Real fans of Drake since SFG will love it.",4,11,"May  1, 2016"
9,"'Views' has some amazing records, songs like 'U With Me?', 'Weston Road Flows', '9', 'Views' and a few others could be among some of Drake's best work to date. Each song could stand out on its own, you get a little 'So Far Gone' Drake, a little 'Take Care' Aubrey and even a little 'If You're Reading This It's Too Late' Drizzy on here but also new sounds from Drake like 'With You' featuring PND & 'One Dance' & 'Controlla'. While I love most of the records on here, I have to give it a 9 due to it being a few too many songs. 20 songs takes away from the overall feel and movement of the project as a whole, but there isn't much negatives here. Only song I can really say I don't care for is 'Too Good' featuring Rihanna. Very solid record from Drake with Views, just wish he cut a little out. Light 9 out of 10 for me.",5,14,"Apr 29, 2016"
10,"Drake is the King of making music you can just Vibe to whether you paying close attention to the lyrics or not you can still vibe out to beat and da flow of the songs",5,14,"Apr 29, 2016"
10,"As someone who has been listening to Drake since the Comeback Season era I feel like Views is the culmination of Drake. After hearing What A Time To Be Alive and some of the loose songs he released last year (lookin at you 'Right Hand') I was nervous for this album. I wanted the album Drake back, particularly the more mature one we got with Take Care and Nothing Was The Same. And I believe he definitely came through on that with Views.",5,14,"Apr 29, 2016"
10,"Lives up to the hype. Drake shows again that his musical range is incredible. Great, impeccable production, lots of tracks with phenomenal beats and samples. VIEWS goes more into the One Dance direction than into the Pop Style direction, lots of singing, less rapping, which I find a bit sad, because that's what I like the most about Drizzy. But still a great piece of work.",5,15,"Apr 29, 2016"
10,"Show me someone who can make an album with songs like controlla, Hype, Keep the family close, and weston road flows, and still make it cohesive other than Drake. Drake shows here why he is a superior artist to his peers. He shows more versatility than in any other of his albums. The theme of Views is also very nice, going from winter to summer and then winter again. Everyone here that gives the album less than a 6 is a Drake hater, and doesn't enjoy his music, so they came here to hate.",3,9,"May  2, 2016"
8,"Asap Ferg is back...
This album is completly different, with a broad variation in production and remarkble guests.
Though not all the guests on his album are worth noticing.
Psycho is an absolute banger, bringing the old school back like Asap Nast.
One bad note: the collaboration with Skrillex and the one with Missy Elliot are a little bit queerly.
top tracks:
1. Psycho
2.Beautiful People
3. New Level",3,3,"Apr 22, 2016"
10,"In 'Always Strive and Prosper', Ferg performs as an experimental artist, this project is almost everywhere. While having some Trap Influenced bangers involved, few songs i consider ''real hip-hop'', And overall great features in here. While knowing Skrillex would do his job on production, he did, Clams Casino jumped in, No I.D, AND! as well as Lex Luger! See, Overall this project did not disappoint at all, much more very glad he experimented different vibes in this Sophomore Project. Lastly, VERY GLAD LIL UZI VERT WAS FEATURED IN THIS, HE WILL MAKE IT BIG 2016. UZI GOT ALL THE TALENT.",1,1,"Apr 25, 2016"
8,"This album has loads of character. It's occasionally experimental, not at all lacking in the banger department, there's just not to much to complain about here. I'm feeling a decent 8 on this. Tran-",1,1,"Apr 22, 2016"
8,"There is a lot to enjoy on this album. With minimum 'trendy' tracks, most of this album feels authentic and genuine. I love variety like this.
Favorites: Beautiful People, Psycho, Grandma",1,1,"Apr 23, 2016"
10,"After Trap Lord (Which I loved) I was waiting on something that had a similar vibe but I could say that I was happily surprised Ferg showed his versatility but still kept it cohesive If you were still expecting the same old same old you'll bound to get disapointed by this album but have if you an open mind, I'm sure you'll find something to like.",1,1,"Apr 25, 2016"
5,"I was wholeheartedly let down by this album.
With a sparse offering of legitimately good tracks, a handful of mediocre ones and a majority of terrible songs, Always Strive and Prosper is a poor effort from an artist I quite like, A$AP Ferg.
The opening tracks start this record off on a sour note, as the intro track is a surprisingly weak offering, the Skrillex-produced joint is downright terrible and the Missy Elliot song (though admittedly more enjoyable in the context of the album than as a single) is a great example of why Ferg has a poor track record with experimentation that doesn't involve 'trap' flavorings. The first quality songs come in at #5 and #6 with Psycho and Let It Bang ft. Schoolboy Q, respectively, which are both great, as Psycho is a surprisingly mellow and well-put story-telling effort and Let It Bang is a veritable 'banger' of a song.
Following these, 'New Level' is decent, but nothing to write home about, and comes off as a B-Side to EVOL or Ferg Forever, 'Yammy Gang' is similar, but the feature of A$AP Mob seems shoehorned, as the only one to really show his chops is A$AP Ferg prior to A$AP Yams' mother hopping in to briefly touch in on her son's untimely death, which is extremely heartfelt.
'Swipe Left' comes with a shockingly listenable feature from the usually-inept Rick Ross, but overall the overall reaction is that the song is amazing due to its not being terrible, and if you compensate, it's really just a simplistic and boring song. Similarly, 'Uzi Gang' is a great example of why Lil Uzi Vert is a joke in the industry and it's admittedly disappointing to see an artist as talented as Ferg working with someone so undeniably campy and unoriginal.
'Beautiful People' is the first return to quality songs after a lull of 4 mediocre entries, with a well-appreciated Chuck D feature (good god, Ferg, how did you get Chuck D to make an appearance?) and a kind word at the end from Ferg's grandmother. The song is lovely, energetic and lyrically appealing. It's quickly followed by one of 4 unnecessary skits on the record, before the song 'Let You Go', which is an interesting song, which has a similar feel to 'Beautiful People' in terms of production, but tackles a completely different (and unique) topic. Great songs.
However, the blessing of these two songs is quickly put to rest with the Big Sean-featured 'World Is Mine', which is by and far the worst song on the project. I am appalled that Ferg left this on the project. Terrible singing, a completely generic instrumental, god-awful lyrics, lazy song structure, etc. ****
'I Love You' is not quite as bad as 'World Is Mine' but the features drag what might have been a solid track down into the abyss. Not many redeemable qualities, but it doesn't test your willingness to sit through a song quite as malevolently as 'World Is Mine' which is the only plus here.
'Grandma' is beautiful, and a great close to the project, I wish this project had maintained a stronger sense of focus, in terms of each of the big three: Lyrics, Production and Theme. Ferg still demonstrates that he is a force to be reckoned with in the industry, but not for the same positive reasons as when we were first introduced to him with Trap Lord.",1,4,"Apr 23, 2016"
9,"Fav Tracks
Rebirth
Strive
Psycho
Let It Bang
Yammy Gang
Swipe Life
Uzi Gang
Grandma
Good Tracks
Hungry Ham
New Level
World Is Mine
Least Fav Tracks
Beautiful People
Let You Go
I Love You",0,0,"Apr 23, 2016"
6,"A$AP Ferg is definitely the man in his sophomore LP, even if it's only for a limited time and within his circle and city, but the disc does have lasting value. With a great sense of family value and on average deeper meaning than his last album (Trap Lord), this one shines. Ferg shows he is not a perfect soul, but it's easy to feel like this realness spills over into personal flaws and moral deficiencies. Always Strive And Prosper does always strive and prosper (e.g. the guests, beats and Ferg's delivery are astute and fine), but some might think there is a little more growing up to be done by some of our heroes here.",0,0,"Apr 23, 2016"
7,"In preparation for Always Strive and Prosper (aka ASAP) I listened to Ferg's debut album Trap Lord and honestly I didn't get much out of that album aside from a few decent cuts, tracks like Work REMIX and Fergivicious reminded me of the worst parts of modern hip hop and made me realize that A$AP Ferg isn't for me. That being said, some of the singles for ASAP did grow on me, enough so that I decided to at least give this record a chance, was it enjoyable?
Well to my surprise, ASAP improves most of the issues I had with Trap Lord, from the production to the lyrics to even A$AP Ferg himself. I won't call this album great, but it is an improvement and an album that makes me intrigued to listen to more material in the future from Ferg, even if I still have issues with him.
Let's start off with the most improved area all across this album, and that would be the instrumentals, Ferg managed to upgrade his producers and get some big name talent on board, with Clams Casino, No I.D, Cashmere Cat, Stargate, and even DJ Mustard and Skrillex. Ferg manages to get some more creative songs on here showing off his various styles for hip hop. From the opening track Rebirth with the horror style beat that Ferg actually rides pretty well, to the insanely trap flavored bangers Hungry Ham and Let it Bang both sounding great, to even an attempt at 90's house with Strive that works a lot better than it really should, to the more experimental Yammy Gang where Cashmere Cat manages to do minimal trap better than most hip hip producers. Even some of the more downbeat songs like Let You Go and Beautiful People manage to bring out the best in Ferg, which we'll discuss more with the lyrics. That being said, there are still songs where Ferg still wants to copy instrumentals that everyone else already does and don't do it all that well, New Level may have some power with the horns but nothing all that memorable comes out of it on an instrumental level, the bright synths on Swipe Life get irritating in a hurry, and Uzi Gang sounds like a bad leftover from Trap Lord that honestly should've stayed in Trap Lord. The most disappointing of instrumentals comes with World is Mine, as No I.D creates a beat so hollow and bland that I honestly get bored with it quickly.
Now we get to A$AP Ferg himself, now I still don't think he's a great lyrical rapper but he is improving here and has more of a presence here than he did on Trap Lord. His flows are more on point, his rhymes connect more often, and he shows off his collection of styles that he delivers all over this album. From his more slowed down and personal bars on Let You Go and Beautiful People, to some insane lines he delivers on Hungry Ham and especially on Let it Bang. And while I don't think Ferg is a good singer at all as shown on Strive, I honestly prefer it over his poor Kid Cudi attempt on World is Mine. As far as the guest stars go, Rick Ross manages to put together a solid verse on Swipe Life as the only redeeming thing on that track, Missy Elliot's brief verse on Strive was a decent one at least, but it's Schoolboy Q who manages to outshine everyone as his wild and chaotic verse on Let it Bang was pretty damn awesome. However, the rest of the guests are pretty mediocre all around, Future nearly ruins New Level with his weak verse, A$AP Mob barely contributes anything to Yammy Gang a song in dedication to A$AP Yams, Chris Brown's verse on I Love You was corny as hell which is also the same thing I can say for Lil Uzi Vert on Uzi Gang, and Big Sean's hook and verse on World is Mine is pretty embarrassing.
Finally we have the lyrics, and unlike Trap Lord ASAP seems to be focused more on Ferg's struggle out of the hood, with the opening track Rebirth declaring Ferg as the Hood Pope. Thankfully, the tracks on here feel more personal and introspective, with the biggest examples being Let You Go and Hungry Ham. As both songs have Ferg share his beginnings as a rapper and the backlash he got from his loved ones, I honestly got more out of that than off of Trap Lord all together. Of course, Ferg does share his success out of being a rapper and really doesn't do much that makes him standout. While New Level is the more tolerable song out of the brag raps on this album, Swipe Life and World is Mine offer luxury rap that don't even attempt to come across as interesting.
So in the end, I was surprised by ASAP from A$AP Ferg coming across as more of a finished project with creativity and flow all around. While it has it's flaws and moments that are pretty damn bad, I got a lot more out of this and enjoyed it the more I've listened to it. Which is why I give ASAP a 7 out of 10 and a recommendation for fans and newcomers, although I will say the album might not please all fans, most notably the hardcore fans, but at least give it a listen you might get something out of it.
Best Songs: Let You Go, Hungry Ham, Let It Bang, Rebirth, Strive, Beautiful People
Worst Songs: World is Mine, Uzi Gang",0,0,"Apr 24, 2016"
9,"The Trap Lord blesses us again. Ferg has always been overshadowed by Rocky in the ASAP mob. HIs music is to differ. By developing his creative sound and polishing it from Trap Lord, Ferg has released a very solid sophomore LP, where he carries harlem in his shoulders. A$AP!",0,0,"Apr 25, 2016"
9,"The album is smooth and easy to listen to. There are no 'bangers' but the album flows very nice and you can tell Ferg put all he had into this album. He took a risk in experimenting with new techniques, but it all worked out well",0,0,"Apr 25, 2016"
9,"The only problem with the album was there was 4 skits otherwise this album is amazing people need to stop expecting trap lord.2 rappers need to move on otherwise if they rap about the same stuff they won't ever make it far people like Anthony need to stop being biased and give the album at least a 2nd or 3rd listen",0,0,"Apr 29, 2016"
6,"A very different album from his debut Trap Lord, both sonically and lyrically. While the more personal lyrical approach Ferg took was generally admirable, it was the very obvious reach for the mainstream that disappoints, often substituting his riveting, off-the-wall trap brand for cliche pop sounds.
Best tracks: 'New Level', 'Let It Bang', 'Psycho'
Worst track: 'I Love You'",0,0,"May 12, 2016"
6,"I was very hesitant coming into this album due to the history of hype rappers sophomore efforts, and alas I was right about my hesitation. This album is just so mediocre and so average that I was to personally help Ferg, but I cant do anything about it. The first half or so is very good and enjoyable, but immediately after A$AP Yams mother tells us to continue her sons legacy, Ferg does the exact opposite. I feel that specific line was such bad timing in the track listing, and it could now be made into somewhat of a mockery in context of the whole project. The production has its moments, but I feel that if Yams had his hands all over this, it wouldve sounded way better sonically. It doesnt help that ScHoolBoy Q has the best verse off of an entire 18-track album. I feel that this album is just somewhat of a joke, but its entirely just a huge disappointment.",0,0,"May 28, 2016"
8,"First let me introduce myself
My peeps call me Dilla
Known to write and produce myself
The lost vocal album from the one and only. Experimental, soulful, and packed with bars. The Diary shows off Dilla's flow and abstract ideas. This would have been a 'College Dropout' release for him. He gives us what we want. Grizzzzzzzzley songs.
8/10. Minor flaws...Lyrics can be repetitive. And as with most Dilla...short songs, giving it a mix tape feel. We'll never know how complete these songs are but 'The Diary' doesn't have any signs of of 'cash grab'. This is a Dilla album.
Highlights: The Introduction, The Shining 1&2, So Far, **** The Police, The Sickness ft. Nas",1,1,"Apr 15, 2016"
6,"In J Dilla's The Diary, the beats (by other producers for the most part) are excellent, but while the raps are intricately involved just enough according to hardcore hip-hop standards, the topics addressed leave much to be desired.  One or two pieces are good examples of social activism, but the rest are teenage in tone and briefly cut short of full song length.  Overall, good though not great.",0,0,"Apr 17, 2016"
9,"Dilla shows his true talent on songs like The Creep. However i feel like some of his lyrics are very repetitive. Some songs on the album are pretty short but other than that its an amazing album.",0,0,"Apr 16, 2016"
7,"This was one of the better Royce solo albums, but I feel that he couldve given us a tad better during arguably the prime of his great career. I love the rhymes he spits over the thought-provoking subjects, but I felt that the production was hit or miss. This is an enjoyable album for die-hard Nickel fans, and I feel that this album was one of the more personal projects for him intended for his fans that have been by his side since the beginning. My favorite tracks off the projects were Layers, Tabernacle, and Pray. These songs remind me of the greatness that was brought to the table in PRhyme, but has a sense of a new era in Royces career.",0,0,"May 16, 2016"
10,"Royce one of the best lyricist out there. Ageing like fine wine.
Royce one of the best lyricist out there. Ageing like fine wine.
Royce one of the best lyricist out there. Ageing like fine wine.",0,0,"Apr 22, 2016"
4,"This is an album about love but mostly about sex and getting it on for young people almost strictly.  The art is there as well as Big Sean's solid raps and Jhene's silky vocals, but it lacks some stable grounded maturity.  The production is somewhat nice; that much must be said, but it just screams mainstream and commercial.  It's far from hardcore hip-hop and a little too much sing-songy r&b.",0,1,"Apr 14, 2016"
7,"This is a solid body of work.  Who knew that Big Sean and Aiko would have such great chemistry?  I love that Aiko ditched her spiritual and 'good' girl vocals for a more 'hood' girl persona.  And the best thing about this EP is Big Sean's lyrics, especially on the track 'Talk Show'.  I really hope they have more collaborations in the future because it's only up from here.",0,0,"Jul 15, 2016"
10,"I like the album a whole lot and collaborative they were on the album. Big Sean and Jhene Aiko should make another album! Favorite song is London Bridge!",0,0,"May 30, 2016"
8,"Going into this project, I was really excited for what Open Mike would be giving us. I was a big fan of his 'A Special Episode of...' EP, and I was very interested to see what his next plan was to fit into his discography. Paul White is a frequent collaborator with Danny Brown, and I was also interested to see what he would be giving Mike to spit over. What we got in the end is a very enjoyable project that I think will age very nicely. The whole album has a very consistent style and taste of production that I really loved. The subjects that Mike touches on are very compelling and completely sucks me in as a whole. My favorite songs are A Short About a Guy That Dies Every Night, Insecurity, and Leave People Alone. I thought those stretch of songs was the highlight of the album, and I could loop those three all day long. The three weaker songs in the track listing for me were Dang Is Invincible, Insecurity Part 2, and The Curse of Hypervigilance. I thought this album had the potential to be something great before listening, and after listening to it, I believe it has the potential to be in my year-end list.",0,0,"Apr 20, 2016"
6,"Open Mike Eagle is so brainy and his technique is almost so mind-blowing that the fact that he's woven such awesome messages into this set is a testament both to his skill as an artist and his great sense of responsibility; however, the last six or seven songs lack force and impact and the controversy seen in the beginning. Paul White is exceptional though not revolutionary.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2016"
10,"Might be his most cohesive project to date in his young career. This third installment continues with a similar sound to his Slime Season series, while offering a taste of Young Thug's willingness to experiment with vocals and delivery - as evident on 'Drippin'. Also provides clever/witty bars (similar to his idol Lil Wayne) on tracks like 'With Them' and 'Problem'.",2,2,"Mar 31, 2016"
10,"Impressive evolution from Young Thug. The Slime series and I'm Up delivers an incredible strike from the Atlanta rapper, proving to be in constant technical growth since his 'Barter 6' debut.",1,1,"Apr  3, 2016"
10,"What I love this guy is, he is making non-stop bangers! This 8-track mixtape is perfect, started off with probably the best song on the tape, along with VERY catchy songs. This is what defines SLIME SHI*, a tape full of bangers. Keep it up thugger, you keeping Atlanta alive!",1,1,"Apr  1, 2016"
10,"Young Thug is genius. His cadences and wordplay are unbelievable. His beat selection is always on point. This mixtape is incredible. The most noteworthy tracks are With Them,Digits,Memo,Worth It, Problem, and Tattoos. Young Thug releases songs with unbelievable replay value.",1,1,"Apr 11, 2016"
8,"77/100. Slime Season 3 is my favorite so far. 'Digits' and 'Memo' are some of the best bangers I can blast. Really fun album and the production is great.",0,0,"May 13, 2016"
10,"Young Thug is fire on this mixtape, should release Worth It and With Them as his next singles off his mixtape!
If I could nominated this album for Best Rap Album at the Grammys, I would!",0,0,"May 30, 2016"
8,"Slime Season 3 makes a fairly good case for the hip hop that shows a blatant disregard for lyrical dexterity (or coherency, for that matter). It's almost laughable how quickly Young Thug gained popularity given how his persona seems more like a caricature, but it's hard to resist the charisma that he exudes on his mixtapes. It took less than two years for him to get scooped up by Gucci Mane's 1017 Brick Squad Records. Soon after, he found himself on more best of year-end lists than you could shake a stick at. His singular fascination with his own success and wealth will most likely always disgruntle self-described hip hop purists. It's certainly of no matter to Thug; here, Young Thug croons, raps, and auto-tunes his way through a focused eight tracks. The short run-time of this project seems to help the poignancy of the tracks, with no song overstaying its welcome in the thirty minutes present. 'With Them' boasts one of the most memorable beats of year thus far while Young Thug delivers his hard-to-define flow that somehow will roll around in your head long after the mixtape ends. 'Digits' sees Young Thug successfully melding his singing and rapping to an introspective, lush beat.
In case you haven't heard this yet (he literally states it at the beginning), he has 'London on da Track' for four of the songs present. It isn't a coincidence that those are the ones that rank among Thug's career best. He also chooses to handle these four himself, proving that his dynamic vocal tricks can keep things interesting enough while the beats guide him through the twists and turns. And the beats here are as dynamic and multi-faceted as his lyrics are one-dimensional; overall, it shouldn't take away from the enjoyment of the final product. It's head-scratching that his output continues to skirt the line between original and ridiculousness, but perhaps his self-confidence in his artistic direction is what keeps him one step ahead of his listeners. There really isn't any need to mince words here; Slime Season 3 is simply eight vapid bangers that are truly fun to listen to. Lose yourself in the debauchery.",0,0,"Aug 28, 2016"
8,"Behind the big three of Earl, Frank, and Tyler, Domo is easily my favorite, and I was expecting something big and I had very high standards coming into this album. Coming into it I thought that it was about two or three years too late, but I still gave him a chance. What he gave back to us in return was a very very good project, I was pleasantly surprised a little by what he gave us, especially after the spit up of Odd Future, and this is one of the best albums in the Odd Future discography. I love the production throughout this whole project, even though there were only a few tiny bumps, and also the effort he put into each track I absolutely loved. My favorite songs on the album were Dapper, One Below, and Faded in the Moment. Some of the tracks I thought needed a little more work were Questions, Brotha, and Go (Gas). This is a great gift for his loyal fans that has always stuck by his side, and I really love what Domo ended up giving us.",0,0,"May 16, 2016"
5,"Every time she tries to rap on this mixtape it gets pretty hard to listen to however i did enjoy some songs on this mixtape. Azealia banks was never really my type of artist but i did find this mixtape her worst piece of work. I did however like her debut album.",2,2,"Apr 17, 2016"
7,"Since her 2012 debut, Harlem girl from the block Azealia Banks has been real easing some of the most exciting, dazzling, and danceable hip hop music in the game and following the release of stellar 'Broke With Expensive Taste' doesn't fail to impress with 'Slay-Z'. A lively collection of 8 songs, 'Slay-Z' shows some new sides of Miss Banks (a la 'Queen of Clubs', 'Along the Coast') as well as further embellishing the stye she does best, her self-proclaimed witch-hop/hip-house ('The Big Big Beat'). The collection of songs is bold but lacks the overall cohesiveness Banks displayed on 'BWET'. Highlights are the Detroit-house influenced 'The Big Big Beat', UK funky-house-sampling 'Can't Do it Like Me' and the subdued pulsing mermaid anthem 'Along The Coast', produced by KAYTRANADA. Songs like 'Queen of Clubs' and 'Skylar Diggins' fall flat with their dated production and Rick Ross assisted 'Big Talk' fails to leave an impression, going nowhere musically or melodically. 'Riot' featuring Nina Skye is great middle ground between Banks' hip-house and a more mainstream sound that sounds a bit more generic but still very fresh. Overall, 'Slay-Z' works to Banks' advantages and allows listeners to see what they have in store for the future.",1,1,"Apr  9, 2016"
0,"Awful, the album way betttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttter
...........................................................................................",1,1,"Apr 30, 2016"
10,"May not as good as 'Broke With Expensive Taste' or 'Fantasea', but at least it can stand out for itself.
I expected more, and though.
................",3,4,"Apr  8, 2016"
10,"Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaas bish yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaas!!!!!! SLAAAAAAAAAY THEY ALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",2,4,"Apr 11, 2016"
10,"'Her outrageous self-possession plays out more vibrantly on some of these tracks, like Big Talk, which puts her up against the rapper Rick Ross, and Riot, which has a klaxon-like hook handled by Nina Sky. Theres no end to Ms. Bankss swagger!'",1,2,"Apr 11, 2016"
0,"Awful, she needs to retire and go live in a shoe or something. this was really bad.
Unoriginal and lacking in creativity, Her first album was decent though but this mixtape is a mess.",1,3,"Apr 26, 2016"
5,"Her music just doesn't catch me at all.
Nothing personal. She's not my style, I think. Although her debut album was better.
__________________________",1,5,"Apr  9, 2016"
10,"This mixtape is amazing, i love 'The Big Big Beat', 'Can't Do It Like Me', 'Along the Coast', 'Big Talk' and 'Used To Being Alone'. Azealia is one of the best female artists in the industry. She slays my life.",0,1,"Apr 17, 2016"
10,"nao esperava menos da dona do rap atualmente ne amores essa mixtape destroe carreiras s resta aceitar outras s tentam nao  mesmo rainha merece mais reconhecimento",0,2,"Apr 12, 2016"
10,"Great mixtape with well produced and good rhymes songs,Work a little different from the previous, but not disappointed, Banks actually sends good rap.For me the best tracks are 'RIOT' and 'SKYLAR Diggins'.",0,0,"Apr 19, 2016"
7,"I think this mixtape is a good step in the right direction for her, I think Broke With Expensive Taste is better though. The album is quite cohesive, however, with quality production throughout.",0,0,"Apr 25, 2016"
5,"I like her whole style and attitude to music. But i can't help but believe that whilst being 'artistic' she appears generic and almost unwilling to grow. It seems like almost a watered down version of Broke With Expensive Tastes.",0,0,"Apr 27, 2016"
6,"Album is pretty weird and his voice sounds very peculiar and all around weird. From trap-infused songs like Solo. This album is the type of album you hear that kind of sounds but end up listening to it any way.",0,0,"May 31, 2016"
6,"The Flatbush Zombies' debut is not bad, but it's unfortunately underwhelming considering the high expectations created by their last mixtape BetterOffDEAD and the general hype leading up to this project. Lyrically the crew is sound, showcasing their chemistry and their charismatic personas, but the production often sounds uniform and the songs lack the uniqueness and creativity that coated their past mixtape. This is still generally a good project that perhaps serves as a solid debut, but this definitely left a lot to be desired.",2,3,"Mar 16, 2016"
10,"Flatbush ZOMBiES first full-length album proves to be everything that was expected, and more. With the tightly produced tracks that included no samples (apart from self sampling previous tracks of theirs) Erick Arc Elliot develops a production sound that proves to be their own, rather than above average aggressive drug rap instrumentals that were wowing the crowd on their previous two mixtapes. This is the Zombies as refined as ever, with Meechy Darko bringing dangerous flows with an unprecedented  monstrosity to them. As well as Meech, Zombie Juice also ups the ante, bringing vocal melodies like he has never delivered before, as well as an even more cartoonish double-time flow. Erick 'The Architect' also brings his usual lyrical prowess with an amazing flow accompaniment that tightly fits the beats that he produces.
Fav Tracks: This is it, The Odyssey, R.I.P.C.D., Smoke Break, Bounce, Your Favourite Rap Song",1,2,"Mar 16, 2016"
5,"The debut album of the Brooklyn hardcore rap group Flatbush ZOMBiES is a meandering, loosely produced album that seemed to be produced tamely. The Architect is still a production maestro, but this work seems unfocused, not on par with BetterOffDEAD or even D.R.U.G.S, the group's second and first mixtapes. The album is only saved by the vocal performances. Meechy Darko is as good as he has always been, as well as Zombie Juice and The Architect himself. The couple of guest spots are decent as well.
Recommended tracks: The Odyssey, Bounce, New Phone, Who Dis?, Your Favorite Rap Song, R.I.P.C.D, This Is It",1,2,"Mar 16, 2016"
5,"The lack of use of samples results in beats which sound a lot less colourful and exciting than their previous 2 mixtapes. They're really not doing anything they haven't done before, it's just a lot more toned down here. Juice needs to stick to being the chill stoner rapper of the group, when he tries to rap fast it's a disaster (RIPCD case in point.) At only 12 tracks you really can't afford to have as much filler as they have here. Fairly disappointing debut compared to what they have shown they are capable of in the past",0,1,"Mar 28, 2016"
7,"This album had a lot of build-up, and for many fans, I think this album will come through for them. These guys are really comfortable with each other, and I see a very bright future for this group. The rapid wordplay and rhymes are very impressive, but I do think they could touch it up a little bit more, and also put deeper meanings behind their lyrics as well. I think they need to go back and forth more whenever theyre rapping to show even more comfort between themselves, I think that would help them a lot. The production was a bit sloppy a few moments on this project, but I do like the same tone played throughout the album. Also, if youre a fan of albums with big collaborations and features on it, you wont really be into it on that specific aspect, but its still an enjoyable project. My favorite songs are A Spike Lee Joint, Bounce, and Good Grief, I felt that those outputs really stood out against the other tracks on the album. Some of the weaker songs on the other hand for me were Fly Away, Ascension, and Trade-Off. I feel that this was a project specifically for their die-hard fans, and I do think they have the potential of becoming big in the future.",0,0,"Mar 28, 2016"
7,"It's good,  but it's kinda all over the place. Not very focused in my opinion.While it left me underwhelmed, it's still decent. I would give this a light 7",0,0,"Mar 15, 2016"
8,"78/100. I really like this album man, it was a great follow up to their first two tapes. The best jams are 'Trade-Off', 'New Phone, Who Dis?' and 'Your Favorite Rap Song'.",0,0,"May 13, 2016"
8,"Very good debut all around. The Flatbush Zombies are stewards for New York, Beast Coast and hip-hop. You can listen and not be lost, even if you're unfamiliar with their earlier work.",0,0,"Mar 17, 2016"
10,"Kendrick lamar's throwaways put together and all I have to say is that this project is amazing. Im not going to compare it to his previous projects due to the fact that it is too short. just enjoy it.",24,27,"Mar  4, 2016"
10,"if you're expecting a 'good kid,m.A.A.d city bamber well you're dissapointed this b-side album is in a way a mirror image of to pimp a butterfly which tracks did not amke the final cut it's an unfinished work but raerly sound like it i loved to pimp a butterfly and ditto with untiled unmastered",7,7,"Mar  4, 2016"
9,"Don't expect 'fire' or a complete idea or thought like To Pimp a Butterfly but its remarkable how his songs not good enough for the album are better than most other rappers.",5,5,"Mar  4, 2016"
10,"kendrick lamar is transcending beyond what a rapper is. by incorporating many different styles and themes tracks on this ep, lamar displays his versatility as an artist and hope for hip-hop in the modern era. #legendstatus",4,4,"Mar  5, 2016"
10,"Probably the worst of his 4 albums, if you can even call it an album. However, thats like saying Jordan's worst championship team, still amazing.  10/10",3,3,"Mar  4, 2016"
8,"Whatever 'untitled unmastered.' is, it's intense, rich, smart. The artistry of Kendrick Lamar is so out of this world that even a compilation album with the rejects of his last album sounds like a solid full studio album. Although this is more flawed than his previous works (on purpose, maybe, which adds to its beauty), untitled unmastered. can serve either as a epilogue or a prologue to TPAB.
Best Tracks: untitled 02 06.23.2014;  untitled 04 08.14.2014; untitled 05 09.21.2014.",2,2,"Mar  6, 2016"
10,"This obviously sounds like the leftovers of To Pimp a Butterfly, although some of these songs are probably better than some tracks on TPAB. Hate to say it, but Kendrick should've added some of these songs on a deluxe edition. Even though they aren't exactly perfect to be in the album, I believe these tracks were phenomenal.",2,2,"Mar  5, 2016"
10,"Ironic how something so raw can be so precise. Rather than merely dabbling in Jazz, Kendrick jumps full in on this EP, and gives the listeners a groove-sesh feel.",1,1,"Mar 16, 2016"
8,"Cornrow Kenny, he was born with a vision. Damn right he was. Kendrick is now in a group of elite artists who have struck gold on ALL their projects. Kendrick can do no wrong now",1,1,"Mar 22, 2016"
9,"It took me a few listens to fully get into the album, but they really grew on me.  I was so impressed by how these were songs that didn't make the cut in TPAB, yet we're still great. It just that speaks to say how Kendrick's 'trash' is still treasure. I'm excited for what he'll do next.",1,1,"Mar  4, 2016"
9,"It's a true testament to the genius of Kendrick Lamar that a collection of his throwaways, demos and behind-the-scenes recordings can be such a compelling, visceral and beautiful listen. Functioning almost as the epilogue to To Pimp A Butterfly (which itself was a masterpiece), untitled unmastered may very well earn a spot in the top 5 albums of 2016 when all is said and done.",1,1,"Apr 23, 2016"
10,"Good Kid M.A.A.D. City was a masterpiece. To Pimp A Butterfly was a masterpiece. And masterpieces are great, but at the same time masterpieces can be exhausting. An 8-song punch filled with menacing jazz, oddly shaped and constantly morphing verses on the apocalypse, fame and love making is something that will never be exhausting. Especially when every second is filled with relentless ear candy. This is a classic, not because its changing the game, but because its the moment when we knew Kendrick Lamar was inarguably the best rapper in the game. And its gonna get more plays its two predecessors for sure. And definitely more plays than the three-years in the making **** The Life Of Pablo.",6,7,"Mar  5, 2016"
10,"Album with throwaway tracks, yet it is still very cohesive and surprisingly polished. Kendrick experiments with different flows and instrumentals, and it is terrific. Though a b-side project, lyricism and delivery is still as strong as any Kendrick project. Amazing artist.",6,7,"Mar  4, 2016"
10,"Kendrick's throw away's are better than most music that has come out in the past year and this EP is cohesive and fit together and are all very enjoyable. I can not wait for what he will do next",5,6,"Mar  4, 2016"
9,"An outstanding b-side album. This is not his best, but this album is still, a very great hip-hop album. It has the 'To Pimp A Butterfly Feeling to it.' The lyrics on this album are similar to the ones on his previous album. The theme is the same.  Kendrick music is becoming the definition of hip hop. The album might end up being the best album of the year and also the best hip hop album of the year. Hopefully better hip hop albums are release this year.",6,8,"Mar  4, 2016"
9,"With this album, Kendrick proves he is, currently, one of the best rappers in the industry and that he will be here for a long time. As it is supposed to be an unfinished record, it looks like a finished, mastered one.",2,3,"Mar  5, 2016"
9,"K.Dot? One word - brilliant! So soon after dominating the Grammys, he surprises us with something to help us remember exactly why he did. TPAB's baby brother, untitled unmastered, boasts a perfect fusion of hip hop, jazz and funk; perfect features and an overall superb sound. Album or EP, not too sure which is which but one thing for sure is Kendrick Lamar is here to stay. GOAT? Wouldn't bet against that notion. This is excellent work, and another Grammy contender I'm sure.",2,3,"Mar  5, 2016"
10,"Kendrick is way above the whole music industry right now. He is confident and original. An EP of leftovers is better than most of the solo projects these days. Kendrick is a confirmed legend",5,8,"Mar  5, 2016"
10,"Perfection... absolutely perfect. This EP is slightly under TPAB.... but deserves in the 90's easy.. its funny how Kendrick can put out a little EP like this and easily dominate the game with minimal effort. Heres a quick breakdown of the EP;
Untitled 1 - GKMC rap on a TPAB beat
Untitled 2 - GKMC
Untitled 3 - TPAB
Untitled 4 - Interlude
Untitled 5 - TPAB Feat. Jay Rock
Untitled 6 - TBAP
Untitled 7 - GKMC
Untitled 8 - TPAB with a hint of GKMC
Untitled 1,2,3,7,8 are all 11/10.... The rest all 10/10
Enjoy this work of art !",3,6,"Mar  4, 2016"
10,"Although these are his cast offs, the 'album' still has a sort of cohesion to it because they were written around the time TPAB was being created and his extra thoughts are put together in this 'unmastered-piece' .
Love it for what it is.",2,4,"Mar  4, 2016"
8,"untitled unmastered. is a masterful, cohesive extension of Kendrick's previous project To Pimp A Butterfly. It obviously doesn't reach the monumental heights that TPAB achieved, but this project is so intricate and the lyrics are so dense, just like it's predecessor. This EP hardly feels 'unmastered.'",1,2,"Mar 16, 2016"
9,"With Religious Theme Lines Still This Feels An Extension Of TPAB, With Topics Such As Self-Conflict And Feeling Desperation Because Of The Hood, Idealogy Regarding Cultures, Acceptance Of Self With The Flaws, And How It's Hard To Be Unique Where Such Gift It's Regarded A Curse And Fought Against, And Supporting Ladies Where Realising The Hardships They Face, It's Great Album Seen As The Conditions It's Delivered.",1,2,"Mar  5, 2016"
10,"Aprs Kanye qui nous a sorti un album fini qui ressemblait  une accumulation de dmos, Kendrick sort au contraire une accumulation de dmos qui n'a rien  envier  la plupart des albums finis. Flow au top, voix au top, prises de risque au top, paroles au top, que dire... Plusieurs titres sont vraiment excellents, trs peu de temps faibles sur l'ensemble (les intros de la 1 et de la 5 peut-tre mais ce ne sont que des chutes de studio on ne demande pas la perfection non plus). S'il en a d'autres comme a on est preneur",1,2,"Mar  5, 2016"
9,"After the incredible To Pimp a Butterfly album, i really wanted more. This album is probably all the tracks that didn't make it to the last album, but still good enough to blow any other artist out there out of the water. I bought it and listened through it the first day it came out and surprise it was. It will be too much to expect the greatness of the last album, but this is not unmastered. The music itself is great without the theme :).",1,2,"Mar  6, 2016"
6,"This is no To Pimp a Butterfly (I'm not sure if anything he does will ever surpass that), but nevertheless, it's not without its merits. It seems like this is a collection of songs that Lamar had sitting around for a while (judging from the dates in the titles) and didn't quite know what to do with. They're interesting and jazzy and experimental, just like the stuff on TPAB, but it feels like an album of B-sides. Granted, Lamar's B-sides are better than many artist's A-sides, but untitled unmastered does have kind of an unfinished feel to it. It's nice enough, although I don't really see it as an album I'll be returning to very often.",2,5,"Mar  7, 2016"
6,"A good album no doubt but not perfect.  With his many rapid fire lyrics, Kendrick should probably present his messages clearer because he no doubt has many good ones.  Some people have raised the reasonable argument that Kendrick seems to try too hard sometimes in his verses.  The beats are good, not as good as those on T.P.A.B. though, and the guests are good, but one other problem that lingers is that U.U. lacks a big time memory-maker besides 'Blue Faces.'  Overall, this is a solid collection, but it isn't as extensive or involved as Lamar's previous studio LPs.",2,7,"Mar  5, 2016"
4,"The songs we had already heard sounded one thousand times better live than the plain lifeless studio versions.  The album feels like one long song for the most part, but not in a good way.  I dont know why he still feels the need to use so many different voices but it grew tiresome along time ago.",5,30,"Mar  5, 2016"
9,"I can only describe it as a really strong rap-funk album. I really enjoyed these songs. Great use of horns, bass guitar, drums. All the songs are enjoyable to listen to, aside from 07 and 02. This is the best album of 2016 thus far, better than Macklemore's better than Kanye's TLOP.
A must listen.",0,2,"Mar 10, 2016"
6,"I feel like it's just me, but I did not love this album. I like what he did here, I like the jazz-y/relaxed feel, but as a whole I just don't love it. I can't see myself listening to this over and over again. Kendrick Lamar is such an influential artist and this album does not make me think any less of him.
Favorites: untitled 2, untitled 8",0,1,"Apr 23, 2016"
1,"Throw aways that did not make it on to pimp a butterfly. Honestly sounds horrible and very unbearable to listen to. This throw away album is by far his worst project to date. Yet people who aren't real fans of music will try to declare this to be one of the best rap albums of the past 15 years. The kendrick empowerment wave has to end soon and he needs to actually supply us with good music like he did with good kid maad city",0,21,"Apr 29, 2016"
8,"'b' sides compliation, or tracks that were laying around, call it what you want, but these are not the most outstanding of K.Dot's efforts. These unmastered tracks, at times, almost seem like outakes that were packaged. That being said, some of these are banging with word play and real talk. Always like Kendrick's take on things, even if they do conflict with one another from time to time. His lyrics are tightly woven. All in all, if this was a studio album, i'd be disappointed, but since its additional, its nice to take in.",0,0,"Mar  9, 2016"
9,"If this were not a compilation of b-sides and tracks that for some reason was not on To Pimp a Butterfly, I would give it an eight. Albums like untitled unmastered are made to give listeners deeper insight to the artist. Kendrick hamfisted this sentiment by naming every song 'untitled', though this is to no fault of his. Though it is not a perfect album, it is a must for anybody interested in the phenom.
The tracks on this album do not follow a typical pop structure. There are long intros and long outros throughout. They are never unnecessary parts of a track either, usually they set an emotional tone and the occasionally dispersed lyrics make the tracks' meaning more clear. You will not find any radio songs here, but this does not mean the tracks are not catchy. Some of them are, and will insert earworm choruses into your head.
Of the few downsides to the album, the instrumentation on the album does not feel as raw as it should for such an esoteric listen. Some more live instruments that are not saxophones would benefit Lamar greatly, as his recent live sets gain an invaluable energy from a fleshed out band.
You will not find lyrical flaws here. I will simply say, his lyrics here are on par with To Pimp a Butterfly. There are more dark tracks here than on Butterfly, so you'll be hearing some highly deep lyrics. The lyrics remain Afrocentric and pays attention to the wretched in society. Any middle class person, however, will be able to heavily relate to the lyrics, race aside. It's a very human, and very emotional listen.
Listen to this album if you like deep and esoteric hip-hop, like Kendrick Lamar's previous rapping, and/or are comfortable with odd song structures. Hip-hop heads and Kendrick fans only.",0,0,"Mar 21, 2016"
8,"While deliberately meant to feel like an incomplete, imperfect piece, this collection of B-sides manages to hold its own just fine. Highlights include the urgent, noir jazz drumming of 'Untitled 05' and the splendidly catchy 'Untitled 08'.",0,0,"Mar  6, 2016"
9,"Where To Pimp a Butterfly was immediate with its approach, this collection of b-sides is triumphant in its hidden messages, slowly building with every progressive verse.",0,0,"Jul  3, 2016"
8,"When it comes down to it, this is not Kendricks best output. With that being said, his quote on quote worst album if you want to put it in those terms before this would be Section.80, and that was one of the best albums of 2011. I love the idea of an unfinished album, and I think people tend to forget that the original title of To Pimp a Butterfly was in fact untitled. with a blank, black cover art, and I love how he applies his original idea to this unfinished, untitled work of art. Its unfortunate that this is the best project Ive listened to this year, and yet its his outtakes from To Pimp a Butterfly that didnt fit in with the final track listing. My favorite songs on the album are untitled 02, 05, 08. If I had to pick a lackluster song on the album, I guess I would pick 03 or 04, but I still really enjoy both of these tracks. In the end, I feel that this a soothing and enjoyable album that many Kendrick and TDE fans should appreciate.",0,0,"Mar 13, 2016"
8,"Favourite Songs: Untitled 2, Untitled 6, Untitled 8
Least Favourite Songs: Untitled 7
I didn't think these songs would ever get released because of what Kendrick said about them in interviews but thanks to LeBron James voicing the world's need for these 'To Pimp A Butterfly' outtakes it's happened and we're all better off because of it. Despite what the title might suggest, this thing is cohesive as hell and it doesn't sound nearly as unmastered or raw as you'd expect, with the exception of the 7th track's final few minutes of studio jamming, which is an unnecessary addition to the project but for big Kendrick fans is entertaining. Another track that I would have liked to see polished a bit more is the third track. I'd been anticipating a studio version of this ever since it was performed on Colbert well over a year ago but this version lacks the intensity of the live performance, mainly because of Kendrick's plain delivery and the lack of Terrace Martins intense saxophone building up in the final seconds. Aside from that it all sounds pretty fresh and not just for hardcore fans of the artist like these demo albums usually are. It's basically a continuation of his last album; you've got the 'King Kunta' like final track with its pumping synthesised bass, the jazzy dark sounding second track which reminds me a lot of 'U' and a lot of religious and political themes being explored throughout the project. The only thing I can notice that's drastically different is the features. Apart from Thundercat, Bilal and Anna Wise on track 3 there's a bunch of collaborations we never got to hear, most notably the soulful Cee-Lo Green assisted track. Because 'To Pimp A Butterfly' was a 10/10 album this is unsurprisingly a great compilation. If 'To Pimp A Butterfly' was Kendrick's 'Kid A', 'Untitled Unmastered' is his 'Amnesiac'.
Better Than Previous Project?: No
Try This If You Like: To Pimp A Butterfly by Kendrick Lamar",0,0,"Mar  6, 2016"
9,"Kendrick Lamar gives us many stories and references in this one short album. The thing that impresses me the most is that I don't think about these things, but when I listened to this album, I started to care about the references a lot more, even when everything wasn't even that big of a deal, and eventually I noticed that Kendrick is just having fun and telling his point of view. And I loved that! Some of the songs are clearly songs cut out from To Pimp A Butterfly, there were many references to that album, and some of the songs were just untitled freestyles that never got released. I didn't really find any flaws, but maybe some of the songs felt a bit short in a way that Kendrick didn't really finish what he was saying, but maybe that's just me.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2016"
10,"Literally the beats, the vibe, and the lyrics are what makes this one of my favorite albums. Kendrick, can spit rhymes like it's something normal to him. To Pimp A Butterfly is genuine and beautifully written. This is one is perfect in every way. Love how he combines his beats. To me, he's the king of lyrics. Please don't hate, it's just my opinion. King KUNTA!",0,0,"Mar  8, 2016"
9,"Kendrick unexpectedly dropped a collection of throwaway tracks from To Pimp a Butterfly, and its now up to discussion if Kendrick makes classics effortlessly. If these were songs that werent GOOD enough for TPAB, we can look forward to tons of quality music from Kendrick in the future. However, you notice why they were scrapped from the album, as you have to make an effort to connect the songs into one storyline.
The EP/LP opens with Kendrick describing the apocalypse delivered to the door by God, discussing religious issues and how he should interpret his own Christian faith. Not unlike him, he also brings up racism, only this time, he includes more races than just the blacks and whites in a thought provoking track. Onwards he displays his skepticsism towards the government, the celebration of TPABs success, and of course the record includes the outstanding track Blue Faces, which he performed on Late Night With Jimmy Fallon.
Its all accompanied with excellent beats, including funk you cant sit still to, jazz and neo-soul in beautiful harmony, more modern and hard trap beats, and even elements of ASMR! And its all accentuated by Kendricks alternate form of a chameleon. This dude can rap over ANYTHING. Hes showcasing a new and different flow in every track, which he often changes in the middle of a song, a verse or a line. The same abrupt change is also applied to his delivery, utilizing it masterfully to create memorable and quoteable lines. Levitate, levitate, levitate, levitate!
However, it can be a little overwhelming and too much of the good stuff. At some points there where too many sounds crammed into one bit, and as mentioned, I miss a more clear structure of the storyline. Other than that, nothing to complain about.",0,0,"Mar 15, 2016"
10,"Kendrick Lamar is back at it again with another masterpiece. Truly an amazing surprise of an album that just captivates the listener in each of its songs. Its got an underground feeling to it that just allows it to stick out from all other modern day hip hop albums. Kendrick Lamar is an incredibly talented artist with amazing flow rhymes beats and anything you could ask for from a rapper. This album felt like a madvillain project to me, which truly gives me nostalgia to classic hip hop days. Easy 10/10.",0,0,"Mar  6, 2016"
8,"This unexpected release from Compton rapper Kendrick Lamar acts as an extension to his magnum opus To Pimp a Butterfly, with these eight untitled tracks being (for one reason or another) left off the album. Recorded between 2013 and 2016, it gives an invaluable insight into the recording process of arguably one of the best albums in recent memory. Many of the styles featured on TPAB are front and centre on this release, especially jazz and avant-garde, which were prevalent (but played down slightly) on TPAB. The seventh track in particular gives an insight into how light-hearted nature of the recording sessions were, even though some of America's biggest socio-economic problems were being discussed and exploited to their fullest as well. Although these are meant to be unmastered tracks, many sound very rich and almost like full finished songs in their own right, showing that most of Lamar's rejected cuts here are better than most A-sided studio releases (by the way, Kid Cudi, THIS is how you create a classic album with a great extras disc, you release the record first, and if well received, THEN you release the demos, NOT all at once to create one unlistenable mess!). A great surprise and a real treat for Lamar's fans, and a must for any fans of TPAB. It's an excellent conclusion to a project that has been given the right level of attention, the right level of praise for all of the right reasons.
Album Highlights  'Untitled 01', 'Untitled 02', 'Untitled 05' and 'Untitled 08'.",0,0,"Mar  8, 2016"
9,"Great EP from Kendrick even tho it's leftovers from TPAB sessions, I enjoyed it quite a lot and I'm happy Kendrick decided to share these songs with the fans.",0,0,"Mar  7, 2016"
10,"Beautiful. Incredibly enjoyable. It is genius how Kendrick can mix genres. A lot of people see this EP as a bunch of throwaway tracks, but really it is some of Kendricks best work, as he mixes jazz and rap possibly better than he done in to pimp a butterfly. Plus, it was great to hear Kendrick do something i thought he would not do again in untitled 7, as he shows his versatility.",0,0,"Mar  6, 2016"
8,"83/100. Definitely not Kendrick's best album, but still a gold mine. Best songs on the album are untitled 2, 5, and 6. Still meaningful lyrics, and a great incorporation of real instruments into the beats.",0,0,"Apr  5, 2016"
7,"Nothing but solid leftovers and ideas from 'to pimp a butterfly'. This might hurt the chances of a cole x lamar collab mixtape, album etc. overall solid ep",0,0,"Mar  7, 2016"
10,"definitely a game changer and a masterpiece, here Kendrick is showcasing his lyrical prowess irrevocably, this is gonna enjoy its time on all the world hip hop and rap charts, though the most interesting fact about it is that he is representing his roots at the same time minding the classiness",0,0,"Mar  6, 2016"
7,"One of the biggest surprise releases of the year so far, how does it hold up?
In general I find Kendrick Lamar's music really hard to get into, but that's only because it's written for a very specific audience. It's definitely not everyone's cup of tea, but even then Lamar manages to achieve universal appeal by incorporating strong messages into his music and favouring a more old school, more 90's-influenced hip hop approach.
With this little surprise EP Lamar brings us a few cuts that didn't make it onto any of his previous records. From the initial marketing to the final release it was quite clear that this release was a detour - something rather placed on the side instead of another full, well-mastered piece of work.
Fans familiar with his grammy-award winning album, 'To Pimp a Butterfly', will feel right at home here, as this EP follows a very similar production style by incorporating elements of jazz, soul and even a bit of funk. It's a great body of work and there's definitely a few tracks that truly stand out. The opening track has a great booming bass line and the trap-influenced second track is a great rap song overall, really keeping the listener gripped with good bars from Kendrick and a clever use of high hats along with a subtle saxophone in the background.
Even though the album is presented to the listener as rough draft, it felt a little too incomplete at times. Certain aspects like abrupt cutouts of tracks, mediocre transitions and muddy drums affects the overall flow of the EP at times - but even then the final product remains a quality piece of work. For an album filled with throwaway tracks, the majority of the content presented on here is surprisingly very polished.
Is this release as good as any of his previous projects? Of course not, but that's because it's not meant to be. Overall, this was a decent EP - with a few minor flaws - but the fact that these tracks are considered 'throwaways' really says something about Lamar's talent as an artist.
Personal favourites from the EP: 'untitled 02 | 06.23.2014', 'untitled 03 | 05.28.2013' and 'untitled 05 | 09.21.2014'
- Alex Heyns. Cape Town, South Africa",0,0,"Mar 10, 2016"
10,"As an EP this is another masterpiece by Kendrick. Although it doesn't quite live up to the standards of his last 2 albums it is still a great way to end the TPAB era. Listen and enjoy.",0,0,"Mar  8, 2016"
10,"This album shows again why Kendrick is in the top-5 rappers right now. The beats are different to other todays rappers, who just have a boring, low bass rhythms. Kendrick has interesting beats, many of them even made with real instruments, which is pretty rare in todays music. And of course the rapping is straight fire like we have got used to with Kendrick.",0,0,"Mar 10, 2016"
8,"This just established Kenny as a GOAT. Crazy how a bunch of B-Sides are better than a good chunk of stuff out there now. The great lyrics are standard, along with a jazzy sound that I'd argue is even more prominent then what we heard on TPAB. Obviously not the flair or cohesion of a studio release, but you shouldn't come into this project expecting that. This along with TPAB should keep me satisfied for the next few years until his next studio release comes out.
Fave Songs: 1, 6, 7, 8",0,0,"Mar 28, 2016"
8,"Brilliant! Kendrick gives us a vibe similar to TPAB, but also something we have never seen before. The best B-Sides album, to be released since Amy Winehouse's.",0,0,"Apr  3, 2016"
7,"levitate, levitate, levitate, levitate.
The compilation 'untitled unmastered.' by Kendrick Lamar is like 'To Pimp A Butterfly 1.5'. Its very post-apocalyptic, dark, jazzy, soul, classical hip hop experimentation as seen on 'To Pimp A Butterfly'.  I think, after listening to this album thoroughly, I can see a lot of relatedness and a lot of repetition from its predecessor. That could be a good reason why this is a demo/leftover album, however, its right to rate it on its stand alone project instead of DLC from a major video game(To Pimp A Butterfly). So, Kendrick Lamar came through with what he was trying to go for, and he did it pretty good for a demo/leftover project.",0,0,"Apr  2, 2016"
8,"8.5
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz",0,0,"Aug  9, 2016"
10,"Head is the answer! Do you want more lyrical hip-hop with a socially conscious edge?! Take a minute or two to listen to this expanded view into Kendrick's mind during the creation of TPAB. Pimp, pimp, HOORAY!!",0,0,"Jul 15, 2016"
9,"Collegrove is nothing more than a glorified mixtape featuring a majority of cuts we've already heard before with collaborative efforts that feels fresh af",1,1,"Mar 25, 2016"
10,"Although the album was not as layered with different topics as you would come to expect from a Wayne record. All points were hit straight on the head with 2 Chainz, he really pushes him self to show his intellectual ability as a rapper unlike ever before. As far as a typical 'Money and Women' record goes, this is the best you can get.",1,1,"Mar 14, 2016"
5,"Damn this was weak. The beats were not hittin' on anything. All sound as if they were high when they made them and said 'This sounds sweet' then enever listened to them again...cuz' they're sh*t.....I mean, Bounce the single from this is nice. But out of all of this, thats the only one i liked. I mean, Lil Wayne's verses sound as though he made them the same time he made his last LP where Lil Wayne is Autotuning everything. I mean, WTF?! Then as 2 Chains bores us with this style and lulls us to sleep with his 1/2 of track, Lil Wayne disappoints. Nuff said, I don't want this sh*t",0,4,"Mar  9, 2016"
4,"It goes without saying that 2 Chainz and especially Lil Wayne are humongous in rap, but their Collegrove collaboration LP is puny in stature unfortunately.",0,1,"Mar 11, 2016"
6,"As the title indicates, The Unruly Mess I've Made is messy and sounds a little confused. Lyrically, it is more well-centered than The Heist: Macklemore has some undeniable talent. Musically, the album sounds even more bland than their previous work: Ryan Lewis production may be well-executed, but it's boring and conventional. Although the album is a genuine effort, the duo is better at being fun than they are at being political.
Best Tracks: Light Tunnels (feat. Mike Slap), White Privilege II (feat. Jamila Woods)",2,2,"Feb 26, 2016"
6,"Macklemore and Ryan Lewis' sophomore album reaches to be great but ended up being something much more subdued. Following the aftermath of their success with The Heist, Grammy wins and infamously 'robbing' Kendrick of Best Rap Album, Macklemore confides in us the struggle to identify the voice he has within the hip hop community as a white man, a theme that starts from the opening song Light Tunnels and ends with White Privilege II. As a concept, this would make for the album he needed to prove to the rap community that he is someone worth listening to, but sadly fizzles while meandering through others ideas present on this record.
Before getting into it too much, let me just say that Ryan Lewis' production is the highlight of this album. To contrast much of the seriousness that Macklemore brings, he balances a warmth that is reminiscent of some of his work off the VS EP, while heavily improving upon the composition seen in the Heist, notably the inclusion of guitars and other strings, using the latter to invoke a cinematic feel at times.
This album's strength lies in those moments where Macklemore is introspective, on songs such as Growing Up ft. Ed Sheeran, St. Ides, and Kevin ft. Leon Bridges, where he channels the rage left off from Otherside, a song off the VS EP. However, songs such as Let's Eat, and Brad Pitt's Cousin give the listener whiplash as the tone suddenly changes from contemplative on the previous track to 'hey don't be too serious!'. It's these songs that cheapen the album that I could do without, but it wouldn't be a Macklemore album without these moments.
The stand out track for me Buckshot, with features from DJ Premier and KRS-One. The beat goes hard from the start, obviously a throwback to old school east coast hip hop. It's this exploration of Macklemore's roots and new sounds that should have been focused on more than anything else.
Speaking of DJ Premier and KRS-One, this album had some amazing feature artists, from YG to Anderson .Paak, whose album 'Malibu' I really enjoyed. And how the heck did he get Idris Elba on a track? Unfortunately, he failed to use the features properly in any song, as each artist trudged through whatever Macklemore wanted to have done. Chance the Rapper, usually the one to have fun, feels stiff in Need to Know, and Anderson .Paak barely gets a verse! What a waste.
My final thoughts on this album, is that it really was unruly mess. It lacks coherence from track to track, but only by Ryan Lewis' production does it somehow mesh sonically. In truth, this album is not meant for the avid hip hop head, but it doesn't mean it was misguided by any means. What I find remarkable about Macklemore is his ability to draw in listeners and start a conversation. This album is meant for newcomers to the hip hop genre, and this album serves as a gateway to understanding the hip hop community and the struggles that originated this genre of music and its culture. If it makes the audience uncomfortable, Macklemore has done his job, and that's what he does so well.",2,2,"Feb 28, 2016"
8,"I saw many reviews saying how bad the album is, I disagree with this but then again music is a very opinionated topic, some will like this album and some will not.
Firstly I would like to point out that this album in nothing like 'The Heist', I felt like there was a perfect balance of funny and ridiculous songs mixed with serious songs like 'A Wake', with their new album I find the same thing but it doesn't have the same spark as 'The Heist', don't get me wrong I think this album is something great and special, what I really like about Macklemore and Ryan Lewis is that they produce music that's different to the same things we hear on the radio daily and they have done it again with this album.
Pros:
- The songs have great lyrics and the beats are great, a joy to listen to especially if you own equipment with powerful bass.
- As I said the music is unique in my opinion and that comes as a massive pro for me.
- There are some really good and funny songs in the album, I suggest checking out 'Dance off'.
Cons:
- As good as the album is, I don't think that it has the same balance and spark that the previous album did, the previous album had many songs that I enjoyed over a long period of time, songs such as 'Thrift Shop' and 'Castle' but I feel this album does not have that same level in it (if that makes any sense).
That was the only con I found but unfortunately for me that was a big one as I really enjoyed the style of the previous album which made me give it an 8/10 but this doesn't mean that you shouldn't check it out, I think this album is worth every penny.
Good Job to Macklemore and Ryan Lewis, some great work went into this album and it totally paid off.",2,2,"Feb 28, 2016"
7,"This album is filled with some good songs and a few completely unforgettable tracks. Fantastic production from start to finish and also incredible features (KRS-One, Melle Mel, chance the Rapper, Idras Elba). The Train, Light Tunnels, Downtown, Buckhot, Kevin, Growing Up, St Ides, are all great songs and worth listening. Not as strong, thoughtful, or fun as 'The Heist'. Many people will give this album a low rating because a lot of people hate Macklemore, but in reality it's an decent album.",2,2,"Feb 28, 2016"
8,"Macklemore and Ryan Lewis are undeniably dope in the tidy 'Unruly Mess.'  Despite an insignificant faux pas or two, they have pulled it off in high style and fashion once again.",1,1,"Feb 28, 2016"
9,"Once, you reach success as an artist you gain an ability to do more of what you really want. This album doesn't have an epic epiphany like The Heist although it feels like Macklemore really expanded his horizons with this album.
It has its upbeat tracks and of course it more somber and serious topic tracks.
We don't need another Heist album. I feel like this album was much needed from Macklemore.",1,1,"Feb 28, 2016"
7,"Macklemore and Ryan Lewis' sophomore album together falls short of the fun-factor from 'The Heist,' but still features plenty of brilliantly scored pieces of poetic justice. Overall, Ryan Lewis shows once again that he can create music that adds to someone's words and not the other way around, and most of the time, Macklemore steps up to the plate.
Unfortunately, this time around, they don't always hit the mark. The lyrics are more overtly political, and we lose a little of that subtlety that made songs like 'Same Love' and 'Thin Line' easy to listen to but heavy to think about. There are at least three songs that deal with Macklemore's struggle to understand his place in Hollywood and his frustration with fame and entertainment culture.
That's not to say it's all as extremely self-aware as 'White Privilege II' (an impressive, albeit long-winded piece). Last summer's hit 'Downtown' remains just as fun as the first time we heard it, the hilarious 'Let's Eat' is both satirical and catchy, and 'Growing Up' is a powerfully introspective piece about being a young parent, with excellent backup vocals by Ed Sheeran.
It won't have as many plays as 'The Heist,' but 'This Unruly Mess I've Made' is definitely worth more than one listen.",4,5,"Feb 26, 2016"
10,"This is a fantastic album, and I cannot stop listening to Light Tunnels, Dance Off, and Need to Know. Kevin ft. Leon Bridges is an incredibly deep song about addiction and a lot of people will definitely be able relate to it.",2,3,"Feb 27, 2016"
0,"ARE THEY EVEN RELEVANT ANYMORe................................................................................................................................",2,3,"Mar  1, 2016"
10,"TUMIM is missing some of the catchiness The Heist offered, but that isn't necessarily a bad thing. This time, whole album is more serious while it remains easy to listen with some parts that will stay in your mind for some time. It kinda reminds me of RAM from Daft Punk with the way TUMIM is built. It also has a lot of variety, features some old school, some modern, some pop-like songs and while some of the songs may seem redundant on their own, it adds that ridiculousness and corniness to whole LP that Macklemore is known for. So if you are looking for some damn funny songs with sweet tones and liked The Heist, you may not like TUMIM. It's not that album that makes you think 'wow I like rap and hip hop' as The Heist, and I don't even think it was Macklemore's aim this time. TUMIM to me is an album that is done for his fans and is honest and comes directly from his heart.",5,8,"Feb 26, 2016"
10,"This really is an amazing album. Especially 'Light Tunnels' and 'Let's eat' are very good and funny aswell. The whole album has a catchy sound and contains a lot of humor. But there are also some emotional songs like 'Kevin' and 'White Privilige' . A 9 out of 10 for me",3,5,"Feb 27, 2016"
7,"Favourite Songs: Downtown, White Privilege II, St. Ides, Buckshot, Let's Eat
Least Favourite Songs: Brad Pitt's Cousin, Dance Off
After 4 years of studio album silence, independent rapper Macklemore has finally returned with 'This Unruly Mess I've Made'. When I was listening to it for the 3rd of 4th time I was still trying to figure out how much I enjoyed the overall project. It was strangely very hard because there's tracks I almost hate (Brad Pitt's Cousin), a lot of tracks that are just ok and a handful of tracks that I love- mostly the singles released beforehand. It's hard to pin point the album into one category because it can go from funk pop to piano balladry but I think uplifting might be the best word for it. It's by no means a fun project, as for every fun song that doesn't take itself too seriously there's a very sad, socially conscious song, although Macklemore does seem to see the light at the end of the tunnel (no pun intended) on the more depressing songs. He's still an average MC but he gets his point across very well and in the final track he almost shoots down any criticisms that might be thrown at the song or album which is probably why it's 8 minutes long. I enjoy some of the novelty songs in the track list but they're too often the records downfall. I love the humour on 'Let's Eat' and his defiant cry of 'I LOVE FRIED **** is weirdly very satisfying but the topics in 'Dance Off' have been explored by the duo before and it's production is annoyingly commercial. There's another novelty song 'Brad Pitt's Cousin' which is downright terrible mostly because of the trashy chorus. Overall, this album is a bit of a mess but it has some amazing songs on and I'm still happy for their success as they are still somehow independent artists. Better Than Previous Project?: Yes Try This If You Like: Surf by Donnie Trumpet & The Social Experiment",2,4,"Feb 27, 2016"
0,"Awful album. This real Unruly Mess They've Made. One of the worst albums of 2016, Charlie Puth's Nine Track Mind is ahead.............................",2,4,"Mar  2, 2016"
5,"Macklemore and Ryan Lewis' 'This Unruly Mess I've Made' falls short of their debut collection 'The Heist', largely due to a lack of wow factor and absence of a strong stand out single. Unlike 'Heist', which soared on the wings of soulful guest vocals and balanced verses, this album is tired. It's bloated and uninspired. Essentially it's a tri-mash between a collection of popular songs, 'Heist' and a kiddie album lacking in lyrical depth.
At its soulful and genuine points it impresses, but flounders in its chunky lyricism and overtly political content. A decent effort but ultimately disappointing from a duo that spawned the multi platinum stylings seen on their much more creative debut.",1,2,"Feb 26, 2016"
9,"I'm truly impressed with this Record. Right when I played the first song, it captivated me. Not only do I appreciate the smart and thoughtful lyrics, I also think that the usage of less electric-sounding beats and melodies that go more in the direction of classical R&B fits perfectly and makes this Album sonically cohesive.
The first song, Light Tunnels featuring Mike Slap stood out to me especially. The idea of sharing the experience of an award ceremony in a song is something I haven't seen yet. And it works well as Macklemore himself seems to have experienced the events he's rapping about.
Obviously, White Privilege II is already iconic. This 8 minute long masterpiece of a hip hop song about racism and the black-lives-matter movement has so many levels and details and changes inside itself and that makes every second of it worth listening - over and over again.
But songs like Let's Eat featuring XP show that not everything about the Record is deep and serious. Let's Eat is a positive-sounding tune about not caring about one's weight but instead enjoying life.
All in all i'm in love with Macklemore's new album and i'm sure it will rise to great success.",1,2,"Feb 27, 2016"
7,"Imo, The Heist was a great album. But unfortunately for me, TUMIM doesn't quite live up to what The Heist was. While I do think this is still a good album, it's kept from being a great album by what seems to be 2 of the worst hip hop songs this year so far, Dance Off and Let's Eat, along with some songs that contain some of his worst and corniest lines to date. 'I'm so low that my scrotums almost dragging up on the concrete.' I grab my ankle and pull it up, and do that thing where I move my butt.' 'What if I actually read an article? Actually had a dialogue?' Macklemore still shows the lyrical skill of a spitter on some tracks, but the album can reach extreme levels of corny, and it also comes off as a bit preachy like the songs Need To Know and parts of Light Tunnel's which I thought were both of the better songs of the album. His preachiness almost reminding me of Hopsin a bit. (Who I am not a fan of at all...)  The album's higher points are really the more exciting tracks like Light Tunnel's, Downtown, Brad Pitt's Cousin, Buckshot, and even Kevin which touches on the over-prescription of drugs in America and his friend Kevin who died from being a drug addict, as well as macklemore who was an addict himself and has such a soulful chorus from soul singer Leon Bridges. While I do like the album's more introspective parts like need to know which had a fantastic chance the rapper verse and arguably better than his verse on The Life Of Pablo, growing up and st. ides, ryan lewis just falls short on the instrumental side with these tracks. the heist had some really fantastic tracks on there, them being wing$, and same love, that sounded interesting along with there being a great message. Only Kevin really did that for me on this album. overall this is a good album, but the instrumentals needed improvement, and Macklemore needs to stop with the corniness of his songs.
Fav Songs: Light Tunnels, Downtown, Brad Pitt's Cousin, Buckshot, Kevin, Need to Know, White Privilege 2.
Least Fav Songs: Dance Off, Let's Eat, Bolo Tie, The Train",1,2,"Feb 28, 2016"
10,"Not sure how these idiotic critics didn't like this album. Maybe they haven't listened to enough rap? Because this is one the greatest albums this year. You can tell they spent time to produce a album that tells so much about themselves. Every song can be listened to on repeat for hours.",2,6,"Feb 27, 2016"
3,"Is time to stop macklemore. People who say he is different are ignorant. His 'white privilege' is nine minutes of torture and him trying to be black. His song Downtown obviously was similar to  uptown funk by mark ronson. He was a one or two-hit wonder and should have stayed that way.",4,14,"Feb 26, 2016"
9,"I definitely can appreciate conscious hip hop with great beats (with no drama/PR stunts and NO autotune). The guests on the album compliment macklemore and ryan lewis quite well.",0,1,"Feb 26, 2016"
0,"'you're elvis, you're miley, you're iggy azalea' really? how dare you to be so HYPOCRATE? talking about equality and now, dissing a dead man and two girls? FOR REAL? MISOGYNY AS HELL.",0,3,"May  6, 2016"
9,"Modern and Forward Thinking, TUMIM really pulls off something incredible, its slightly sloppy, naive or childish in some parts but just as to be expected by a Macklemore album. But the true appeal and greatness of this album is its grasp on current affairs and its dedication to tackling serious social problems. Macklemore and Ryan Lewis join the leagues of other hip hop and rap artist which have also tried to tackle such events, but with their own touch. Ryan Lewis yet again delivers smashing and powerful beats and rhythms which are just beautiful. Truley a very well crafted album, and definitely worth the wait.",0,0,"Feb 26, 2016"
10,"When I first listened to 'The Heist' it instantly became one of my favorite albums and I could never imagine that this killer duo would make a better record to be honest. I just have to say 'This Unruly Mess I've Made' proved me so so so wrong!",0,0,"Feb 29, 2016"
9,"A surprinsingly diverse album that shows the duo's search for finding new sounds and themes. A truly worthy album of your time and attentions. Tracks like Light Tunnels, Downtown, Dance Off and of course White Privilege II are must hears.",0,0,"Mar  3, 2016"
6,"This album as a whole sums up to one word for me: average. This is an average album, nothing terrible, nothing amazing, but its definitely a middle of the road project. I was very interested with how Macklemore was going to approach up to this project as, especially after the release of White Privilege II, but what I got was what I expected which was a decent album. I dont really ask much of Mack, but I am definitely pleased with Ryan Lewis production on this project. My favorite songs on the album are Need to Know, Buckshot, and Bolo Tie, I thought those three hit very hard compared to the others, and in my eyes were standout tracks. The three lackluster songs on this album on the other hand in my opinion were Lets Eat, Brad Pitts Cousin, and Dance Off. Although I enjoyed listening to Dance Off, I feel that the song is just completely pointless and has no value compared to the rest of the album.",0,0,"Mar  4, 2016"
8,"i love macklemore, this is a good album great songs very nice lyrics..........................................................................................",0,0,"Mar  8, 2016"
5,"Macklemore and Ryan Lewis' 2nd album, This Unruly Mess I've Made, a follow up to their 2012 album The Heist, is a valiant attempt at consciousness and humor, but unfortunately, it's also an extremely corny one.",0,0,"Mar 15, 2016"
8,"It's a good album, not as good as 'The Heist', but it is still good. In these last years, rap has become more and more commercial, even many rap songs have pop features so it is noteworthy Macklemore & Ryan Lewis don't need that to make a good rap song. I really like the indie-rap touch and some topics of this album. There are funny songs and serious/mature songs.
Definitely, my favorites are 'Growing Up', 'Light Tunnels', 'The Train', 'White Privilege II', 'Dance Off', 'Kevin' and 'Spoons'; and my least favorite song is 'Let's Eat'.
Stop hating and enjoy the music!",0,0,"Mar 19, 2016"
2,"Gotta be honest this album was a disappointment. Love the meanings in this songs it's the execution that lacks. He's just talking over the beat. Besides Downtown the only song I enjoyed was Dance Off",0,0,"Mar 28, 2016"
6,"Macklemore and Ryan Lewis don't recapture the magic of their big coming out party on The Heist. Instead, This Unruly Mess I've Made is a back-and-forth between catchy raps and meddling melodies that have musical backings that come off unruly and just all-over-the-place - all of which made enjoying this album a bit tougher than I would have expected. 'Light Tunnels', 'Downtown' and 'Dance Off' are easy favorites, showcasing the allure that made Macklemore such a big name a couple years back. 'Kevin' is an old-school funk/gospel-march cut that carries a lot of cool for how subtle it is. 'Growing Up' brings in the big name for the album: Ed Sheeran, and has a lot of that Sam Smith groovy soul vibe. But then there's cuts like 'Buckshot' which drone and come off more dreary or boring than anything else. Macklemore and Ryan Lewis are more interested at times at forcing a message across in such serious tones when their best talents shine bright when the mood is more fun and witty. See 'White Privilege', a big political-correctness gut-checker that lasts 8 mins, 46 sec. and phases through a few different song styles. That's not to say it isn't likable, but this pair is pretty bent on making big statements even if those statements have a place in the music. They don't always translate to meaningful songs like this duo did with 'Same Love'. Some people will still find a lot to love on This Unruly Mess I've Made, but others like myself will probably find a little more disconnect with the album. There's not as much immediacy to its likability, not as much of the big flash that gets backed with iron-clad writing and production. If The Heist would have been Macklemore & Ryan Lewis' debut, this would have been their sophomore slump. The good news is that this isn't actually a slump, just a less-impressive showing from an artists that prides himself in having something to say, having a love for his local scene and keeping things mostly independent from the big music labels.",0,0,"Apr  2, 2016"
0,"I cannot stand Macklemore. His first album was fine just because some of its singles were catchy and charming. That is completely missing here and all we get are some bland and forgettable 'rap' tracks.",0,0,"Aug 24, 2016"
10,"People will look back and realize how much they missed on this. This is a GREAT album. As a fellow Seattleite, I can tell you, Macklemore and Ryan have zero interest in pretending they are something they are not. They are Seattleites. We are earnest, relatively well-educated idealists here. The REAL pretension is those who cast negative reviews on ANY artist with anything constructive to say, unless it is cloaked in malaise (U2 is another example that critics love to hate). As a fellow musician, I can tell you, almost no critic could even dream of creating an album of such depth and breadth, honesty and talent as is contained here. The choirs, the arrangements, the global spice from the US South, the Middle East, MoTown, England, etc. are epic. The lyrics are fresh and deep. Yes, he sings 'I want to be Hugh Jackman/ you know jacked, man. Had snoop sung it, it'd be declared 'genius', only underscoring Macklemore's points about bigoted double-standards and hypocrisy. Hipster rubbish rags such as 'TinyMixTapes' (gee, talk about pretentious) declaring the music 'not good' only prove they are unworthy of anyone's attention. This Album sores with great variety and intelligence. 'Downtown' is perfect pop-genius, glorifying the moped (SO Seattle!!!) where motorcycle's usually are referenced. 'St. Ides, with its twangy guitar lick loop, laments Seattle's condo-ification and rapid rise that threatens all the emerald City means to so many. I could go on and on, Black Lives matter reflections, Michael Jackson tinged dance raps, raging against unbridled Capitalism's destruction, the absurdity of fame and Grammy-award posturing -this is amongst the best thinking-person's hip hop, set to GREAT MUSIC.",0,0,"Sep 14, 2016"
6,"Yo Gotti turns his lens inward in 'The Art of Hustle,' his fifth studio album.  It's surprising and nice how smart and philosophically right-on he gets on this project.",1,2,"Mar  1, 2016"
10,"Best album of his since 2010s Twisted Fantasy. The chase for new sounds, experiments new borders to cross as producer and rapper. It's a gem. The collabs are crazy.",90,135,"Feb 12, 2016"
0,"This album is complete and utter, unforgiving trash. There's absolutely no content on this whatsoever. I'm real sick and tired of all these Knaye cultist hypebeasts losing their minds over absolute trash. I don't care if the sound is great, although it's basically autotuned nonsense that sounds like an angry child banging on a trash can, he should go and PRODUCE then. Calling this a RAP album is insulting to real MCs like Kendrick",18,60,"Feb 16, 2016"
0,"A disc full of autotune jingles juxtaposed on edm trap music layered up with pseudo gospel chorus' and auto tune whining. Not even listenable. The emperor has no clothes.",19,101,"Feb 14, 2016"
8,"The first impression I got upon listening to TLOP for the first time was that it is not as cohesive as MBDTF or Yeezus which it clearly revisits and attempts to fuse,  and even though it's growing on me with each listen, TLOP sounds somewhat unfinished and a little step too far from the sheer greatness of MBDTF or the raw emotion of Yeezus. However there are some excellent pieces of music here like No More Parties in LA, FML, Wolves, Waves or Famous. The messy release of TLOP, Kanye's latest weird tweets and the suprise edited version of Wolves are in order with the raw and disorganized nature of TLOP. Maybe he should have worked on it for a little longer but TLOP is in no way a bad album and sets the scene to Kanye's future music endeavours. 75/100",4,4,"Feb 15, 2016"
8,"If you took all Kanyes previous albums, dropped it in a pot and cooked it, The Life Of Pablo is what you will get. The Life Of Pablo is messy in a good way, noisy in a beautiful way and all over the place in an orderly way (I dont even know what that means but it sounds good right?) This album is sonically out of this world as you would expect a Kante album to be, the album however fall shorts in terms of great lyricism -sybt.tv",2,2,"Feb 18, 2016"
8,"After finally hearing TLOP when it began streaming in places other than TIDAL I was pretty okay with it but it definitely wasn't album of the year material. However, for weeks afterwards I found myself with about half of the album on repeat in my head. There's an intoxicating mood of ego, spirituality, and hip-hop to the music that JUST might stick in my head for the rest of the year.",1,1,"May  7, 2016"
6,"Not bad, but not that great either. There are some good songs like 'Feedback' and 'Father Stretch My Hands,' but a lot of this album is just a mess. It's kind of all over the place and rough around the edges. I understand that that's kind of the vibe he was going for, but it just didn't suit my taste. Some of the moments of this album are cringeworthy too ('Low Lights' for example). Not to mention the lyrics are awful at parts too. I'll admit I liked some of Kanye's work in the past, but this one didn't thrill me.",1,1,"Apr  5, 2016"
9,"The Life Of Pablo, arguably the first major hip hop release of 2016, lived up to most hype. The great punchlines, combination of some of his older projects, and excellent producing makes this album what it is,   a amazing album.",1,1,"Feb 22, 2016"
10,"This is not the greatest album of all time. It is not even Kanye West's greatest album to date, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy gets that designation. What this album is, however, is unique, audacious, and hilarious at some moments. Kanye West, when you look beyond his twitter meltdowns, is still one of the greatest artists in the world today and proves it again with The Life of Pablo. The lyrics are nice, the beats are very nice, and the features are very, very nice. This album proves once again that Kanye is still on the Mount Rushmore of hip-hop artists today.",5,6,"Feb 15, 2016"
8,"Somewhere in here it feels like there's an amazing album that just isn't polished or fully formed. TLOP is a bit chaotic in nature with a few tracks that feel both unfinished and like filler. There are 8-9 truly wonderful songs on the track list, a few of those such as Feedback or Fade STILL feel like they could probably be more than what they are even though their current state is still extremely replayable. Overall, this is still a very exceptional album that can feel a bit exhausting at times, but it does grow with each listen.",3,4,"Feb 17, 2016"
10,"Forget for one second the author of this creation and let yourself free fall into the sonics of this masterpiece.
Reveal the layers to your soul......",3,4,"Feb 14, 2016"
9,"One of Kanye's strongest assets is his ability to juxtapose complete delusion with surprising self awareness. In TLOP, the sound is as erratic and jarring as Kanye's own personality, yet it succeeds in bringing a near seamless finished product to Kanye's fans. The production is smoother than YEEZUS's. The lyrics are more daring than any of his previous works. West is begging those who hate him to keep it up. The album is full of tracks that won't be heard on the radio, but ones that will undoubtedly become synonymous with the nightlife. The self-proclaimed genius/mad man adds something truly special to his already groundbreaking discography with this release, and while we all miss the old Kanye, this one will suit his fans just fine.",3,4,"Feb 15, 2016"
10,"Kanye's best album. It's a blend of all of his past work put into one project. Everything else is perfection. collabs on point as with the production. my only complaint is that Vic Mensa and Sia aren't on Wolves.
Favorites: FML, Waves, Fade, Famous",3,4,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"This album is beautiful. A lot of people will not like the autotune, but this could be his most personal work to date, and his best produced album too",3,4,"Feb 16, 2016"
9,"9/10 (at first listen) - highlights: ultralight beam, famous, waves, fml, no more parties in l.a. & fade. This is how a masterpiece should sound like.",3,4,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"If Yeezus was an album with no pop filter, then The Life of Pablo is a pop album with no filter. Yeezus was about the aesthetic; it sought to create, through its instrumentals and lyrics, an album that had a singular, harsh, and uncompromising sound. On TLOP, Kanye maintains that experimental, free-wheeling vibe, but dont be mistaken: this album definitely stands on its own. This album is full-on, no-holds-barred, Kanye West; he pulls out every trick, aesthetic, and guest in his bag of tricks, and ends up with a truly amazing album.
Fans of Kanyes work may be taken aback by TLOP at first, because its the first album in a long time where he doesnt try to create a genre-defying work of art. Instead, he decides to slow down, look back on what hes done, and play with it in his music. Theres bits of every album hes ever created in here; some tracks would fit comfortably on Late Registration, while others are so dark and animalistic that they couldve served as the intro to Yeezus. This diversity might make the tracks on this album seem disconnected, but it actually speaks to the variety that exists between all of his albums. Ill put it this way: if youre a Kanye fan, this is your dream album. If youre new to his work, however, I would hesitate to recommend it to you. If you havent grown used to the auto-tuned, simplistic lyricism of 808s and Heartbreak, or the brute arrogance of Yeezus (both of which are excellently utilized here), then this will seem like a strange, confusing piece of work. It takes a certain knowledge of Kanye the artist, and a certain appreciation of his work, to truly enjoy this album. To put it simply, if you're not about Kanye West, then you might not be about this album.
Once youre willing to take the plunge, however, youll find that this is a very well-crafted, enjoyable assortment of aesthetics. Kanye draws from the very best, most interesting aspects of his music, and somehow fits it all together like only he could. Some tracks have him spitting bars energetically (Feedback), while others have him reduced to such primitive lyrics that you wonder if hes actually blacked out in the studio (Freestyle 4). Highlights feels like Good Life part 2, while the crescendo of FML feels like a spiritual successor to Hold My Liquor. By looking back, Kanye draws not only from himself, but also from those hes inspired. The incredible intro Ultralight Beam brings in Chance the Rapper, who belts out one of his best guest verses of all time while praising his mentor and favorite rapper. Facts is such a Drake song that youd almost accuse Kanye of being unoriginal, until you remember that 808s was the album that spawned Drizzys aesthetic in the first place. Despite the familiarity, none of this feels like a retread. Rather, it feels like a summary; like the biography of an artist. Fitting, I guess, that it be called the Life of Pablo.",3,4,"Feb 16, 2016"
10,"this is a god dream. sonically one of the best albums i have ever heard. kanye going down in the history books. every sound is so precise and glorious to listen to.",3,4,"Feb 16, 2016"
8,"Tonnes of fantastic content and impeccable production, but the ordering of the track list plus a few tracks (Waves, Highlights, Freestyle 4, Silver Surfer Intermission) suck some of the greatness out of the overall album.",3,4,"Feb 18, 2016"
9,"It's a great album, could have been better though. Wolves in particular should have included Sia and Vic. Other than that, well-produced album with memorable songs such as 'Father Stretch My Hands' and 'Highlights'.",3,4,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"Kanye keeps reinventing himself with The Life of Pablo, another classic, with the prdocution level through the roof yeezy has also several excelent guests to go along with the ride, it backs a little from the aggressiveness of last album 'yeezus', finding common ground with 'my dark beautiful' and 'the college dropout'. The highlights of the album are in Ultralight Beam, Waves, FML, No More Parties in LA and Fade.",3,4,"Feb 15, 2016"
10,"This is a REALLY great album! This album will be underrated by a few rap fans because it's not as lyrical as some would like but the level of art on this album is unmatchable by anybody making music today. Drake, Lamar, Cole, and Future may never even come close to this album. It again pushes the boundaries of rap and mixes all sounds of Kanye that we love. The Life of Pablo is comparable to 2010's Twisted Fantasy and sets Kanye as possibly the all-time king of rap music.",3,4,"Feb 15, 2016"
10,"This isn't Hip Hop it's just pure beautiful music. Kanye is at his best and he doesn't seem like stop anytime soon. He might be a distraction in the public but the music trumps everything.",3,4,"Feb 18, 2016"
10,"This is really one of thew few albums that I would rate 10/10. Every track on the album is worth listening to (except maybe Silver Surfer Intermission), and that's something I haven't seen on any of Kanye's albums before now. He brings forth so many great new sounds, and the repeated biblical allusions add greatly to the album's intensity. This is truly one of the greatest musical releases of the 21st century. Best tracks include: Ultra Light Beam, Father Stretch My Hands, Pt 2, Famous, Low Lights, High Lights, Waves, Wolves and Real Friends. Don't hesitate to listen to this masterpiece!",3,4,"Feb 25, 2016"
8,"Let me start by saying that after my first listen to this album i probably would have gave it a 9 or 8. I enjoyed my first listen but I think I was unfairly comparing it to MBDTF. However, after countless listens after (either straight though or bits and pieces) this album is just flat out fantastic. I feel as though the reason it is polarizing for most fans is because: 1) lyrics are not priority on this album some are even laughably embarrassing (but i still shout them out each time) 2) The album is a mess when listened chronologically and its completely on purpose 3) Many people, fans or not, rate Kanye albums based completely on his character in the time leading up to its release and his character was completely ridiculous leading up to and including the actual release of this project. That being said this album is for fans of Kanye and that is it. This is a Kanye album wether you like it or not. It beautifully combines his last three albums into a sundae with sprinkles of the first three albums. Lets go track by track.
Ultra Light Beam: sonically booming and utterly beautiful with chance the rapper stealing the show and giving me chills every time
FSMH pt 1: CUDI!!! every time it drops after 'ima shoot you' i feel like im being beamed up to the heavens where cudi greats me with a smile. it does contain an extremely strange line about a model and some bleach but damnit if i dont rap along EVERY time
Pt 2: this track bangs but thats about it for me
Famous: probably one of my favorites this is just a certified banger with Ye bringing bars, rihanna smashing the hook, and swiz masterfully sampling Bom Bom
Feedback: great song funky beat #bars
Low Lights: the only low part on the album not sure what he was going for here but i don't like it. it wouldve been an ok intro but as an interlude its just ridiculous
Highlights: yet another banger with Thugger being himself and the Dream doing nice work and i smile every time Kanye says 'sound like me?'
Freestyle 4: this is what Yeezus needed to sound like, only complaint is it isn't longer
I love Kanye: hahahaha
Waves: good, not sure why chance wanted it on the album so much its not bad but not great for me
FML: my favorite track Weeknd absolutely kills and Kanye gets beautifully introspective
Real Friends: Kanye at his best
Wolves: Very good song but i think I enjoyed the Vic Mensa and Sia version a bit more but hearing Franks voice makes up for it
Silver surfer intermission: meh same thing with lowlights
30 Hours: this one is personally polarizing for me i love it and kanye come with bars thanks to drake her (ironic isnt it) but Andre 3000 comes on just to sing 2 words?? disappointing to say the least and the second half of the song its completely unnecessary would've enjoyed it more if 3000 did something like what Chris Rock did at the end of Blame Game on MBDTF
No more parties in LA: Kanye and Kendrick... enough said
Facts: better than the original but still just ok
Fade: interesting concept but the sample begins to annoy me quickly so it probably wont get many plays",3,4,"Feb 29, 2016"
7,"Lets get this out the way - this is not his best work. Its not Yeezus, and its definitely not MDTF. But its not a bad album at all. It feels like he has tried to fuse his two previous albums and had partial success. I actually feel like one of the albums best songs is Waves - which ironically was almost not on the album - and was the reason the album was delayed. FML is another excellent piece, featuring The Weeknd - someone who i'm not usually to fond of, but here he shines. We all know that No More Parties in L.A is an excellent track having heard it on Kanye's Soundcloud almost a month ago, but it seems even better when listened to amongst the other songs in TLOP. Overall, i think it will take me several weeks, if not months, to come to a fully fleshed out opinion on this album (as is often the case with Kanye's work), but my initial reaction is that this album represents a Kanye that is standing at a crossroads, unsure of which way to go. This unsureness can be heard  in the songs - but this isn't necessarily a bad thing, it gives many of the tracks a sort of edginess that we haven't heard before from Yeezy. I'm not quite sure how history will remember this album. It will be either seen as a weak point in Kanye's otherwise stellar career, or it could be seen as a marked change in direction not just for him, but for the whole Hip-Hop genre in general. Only time will tell.",8,11,"Feb 14, 2016"
9,"Em primeiro lugar o religioso 'So Help Me God', em segundo lugar o curto 'SWISH', em terceiro o sutil 'Waves' e enfim o misterioso 'The Life Of Pablo'.
The Life Of Pablo  o stimo lbum solo de estdio do rapper Kanye West. Lanado oficialmente em 12 de Janeiro.
Aps uma longa pausa de 3 anos, enfim Kanye West est de volta. Aps alguns singles e desfiles, ele volta com tudo, enfim com um relacionamento sem turbulncia, ele recebe de Deus seus dois novos anjos e suas roupas em total evidncia. Kanye West apresenta nesse novo lbum uma nova pessoa, um Kanye que ns ainda no tnhamos conhecimento.
O lbum conta com participaes de Chance The Rapper, Chris Brown, Desiigner, Frank Ocean, Kendrick Lamar, Kid Cudi, Kirk Franklin, Post Malone, Rihanna, Sia, Ty Dolla $ign, Vic Mensa, The Weeknd & Young Thug. UFA!
E nas produes destaco; Cashmere Cat, Kanye West, Madlib, Metro Boomin & Rick Rubin.
A Pitchfork compara Kanye a Picasso, aqui nesse texto comparo o lbum ao quadro de Les Demoiselles d'Avignon.
Les Demoiselles d'Avignon: A composio de Picasso, 'As Senhoritas de Avignon', levou nove meses para ser feita, vindo a se tornar uma das obras responsveis por revolucionar a histria da arte, formando a base para o cubismo e a pintura abstrata. O lbum  complexo, como  a pintura. As participaes do lbum so como as cores da pintura, todas esto distribudas perfeitamente, no h excessos, e todos esto em seus devidos lugares.
Como a pintura, o lbum trocou de nome diversas vezes. A pintura foi incompreendida pelos amigos de Picasso, e o lbum est sendo incompreendido por alguns no fs. Kanye referiu-se ao lbum como o lbum da vida, j Picasso referiu-se a pintura como sua primeira verdadeira pintura. Ambos tambm tem influencias da cultura africana. Picasso relatou que a pintura se retrata de tudo que ocorreu/correr em 50 anos, o lbum retrata tudo que ocorreu na vida do Kanye e tudo o que ele deseja ocorrer. Muitos estilos em uma nica tela. Muitos estilos musicais em nico lbum. A possibilidade de fazer tudo que vem a sua mente. A possibilidade de rimar sobre qualquer assunto. A ousadia de Picasso. A ousadia de Kanye em 'Famous', 'Feedback' 'Freestyle 4' & 'FACTS'.
O lbum no  de fcil entendimento como 'Graduation', voc levar algumas semanas para admitir que  um bom lbum. O que Kanye passou para mim  que, ele fez o lbum expondo tudo que viveu e para seus fieis fs. O lbum no se prende em s em um estilo, ele varia, o que  timo. Porm, Kanye deveria ter realizado a distribuio de faixas com mais delicadeza, algo que sempre o destacou. As letras esto no ponto, com rimas fortes e letras emocionantes tais como; 'Ultralight Beam', 'Real Friends' & 'Wolves'. Produo tambm  um destaque, conta com a lenda Rick Rubin, o produtor do momento, Metro Boomin e tambm o seu fiel companheiro Mike Dean, que produz conjunto desde Graduation. Como praxe, Kanye d uma aula de samples no lbum, contendo samples de 'Stand Up and Shout About Love' por Larry Graham Jr, 'Do What You Gotta Do' pela Nina Simone, elementos sonoros do jogo 'Street Fighter II' e '(I Know) I'm Losing You' de Rare Earth.
Enfim,  um bom lbum. No se compara ao clssico 'My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy'. porm est em um alto nvel. Kanye West nunca decepciona.
Msicas de destaque: 'Ultralight Beam', 'Real Friends' & 'No More Parties in L.A.'",5,7,"Feb 17, 2016"
9,"Kanye tops his critically acclaimed Yeezus which was released 3 years ago, The Life Of Pablo is very experimental as Kanye tends to be but more enjoyable to fans than Yeezus.
As I found, Yeezus was not as well received as I felt it deserved.
TLOP obviously has some amazing production, it's pretty much flawless in that area, one thing I noticed worth mentioning is the vocal samples. A lot of songs in the track list have vocal samples used mixed in with the beats or in another way. Songs like Fade, Famous, Waves, and Wolves are phenomenal examples of this. All four of these songs have a strong showing of vocal sampling mixed in with the overall production, and all of them come out fantastic. Sister Nancy's song Bam Bam is vocal sampled on the second half of the song Famous and is easily one of the most jaw dropping moments on the album. The song turns from Kanye rapping a lot of braggadocio over a very shining banger type beat, to an incredible soulful, and in a weird way, hope giving beat with Nancy's vocals fitting in perfect. Swizz Beatz ad-libs throughout the song are also incredibly enjoyable, not too much is enough. As recognizable as the Nancy sample is, it still comes in as beautifully and will remind you how you felt when you first heard it (and if you haven't heard the sample before you are in for quite a feeling).
The album kicks off incredibly strong with Ultralight Beam, featuring GOOD Music's own The-Dream, Chance The Rapper and Kelly Price if I'm not mistaken. It is a beautiful, soul touching gosepl record which is a suprise from someone like Kanye, but it is does to perfection, with Dream and Kelly's vocals bring their game and a choir in the background making the track really feel like a 'God dream' as Kanye states in the track. Chance brings a powerful verse to put the cherry on top of the sundae.
FML is also a mentionable track which features The Weeknd, it is another twisted love story from Kanye talking about how he always 'F*cks his life up'. The song starts off very slow, but picks up after the first hook which is a quick but powerful show of emotion from The Weeknd.
The interlude/skit 'I Love Kanye' is a hilarious, awesome little jab at all the people who say they miss the 'old Kanye' and it is epic.
Theres a song for everyone on here and some songs are hard not to like. From fun listens like No More Parties In LA, Highlights & Waves to gruff songs that might convince you Kanye is an insane genius like Freestyle 4, Feedback and Facts. The album is a thrilling roller coaster, the mood can change up incredibly in just a few songs, you'll go from near tears from the dark Wolves track with Frank Ocean, to dancing with no care to No More Parties In LA with Kendrick Lamar.
In conclusion, this isn't Kanye's best work, but it is definitely another impressive entry to his discography, which is already on of the strongest in music history.
I'm giving this a Strong 9.7",4,6,"Feb 16, 2016"
10,"This isn't Fantasy. This isn't quite Late Registration. But damn it's good. Even though the whole thing feels a bit messy, he manages to coalesce a variety of sounds into a distinct feel.",4,6,"Feb 17, 2016"
9,"The album presents itself to somewhat artistic, revealing a spiritually elusive sonic ambiance. Of all the intended album titles, TLOP interprets the aberrational and con-jointed musical effort of his publicly unacceptable persona and the younger novel Kanye West.
Just like @JeffGoldblum said; no two Kanye albums sounds alike. If you are finding difficulties liking this album, Read up on Pablo Picasso and see how he started off with the generally acceptable form of art and grew up to be more personal, expressional and deviant.
Some reviewers think its an incomplete sound, Kanye has taken a impressionist approach to how 'beautiful' is defined. Take a cue from his clothing line; appreciating ugliness as an aesthetic defiance is the mode he has been creating music upon, not having to be the harmoniously balanced keys of Marvin Gaye.
The overly collective mix of different sounds and samples suggests Kanye's ability to extract rhythm and combine a generational ascension of sounds.
The -1 from my score is the harmful image the lyrical contents adds to his personality. He tries to reinvigorate the humorous Kanye to which he poorly misrepresented into something harsh and intense.",4,6,"Feb 18, 2016"
7,"A very great and interesting album. Some of West best songs are on this album. Ultralight Beam, Father Stretch My Hands, Pt 1 and 2, Waves, FML, 30Hours , Real Friends, No More Parties and Famous. This album is up to par with his best album MBDTF. This album feel like a soundtrack to his life. The only song that is bad on this album is 'Facts'. Lyrically , West is spitting much better bars than his last album.",9,14,"Mar  5, 2016"
10,"Apesar do verso para aquela pessoa, o lbum  mais uma obra de arte do Kanye, como sempre ele fazendo um timo trabalho, se superando cada vez mais.
Maravilhoso lbum!",8,13,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"Master piece. Depsite all the controversy and rants, this is how you incorporate other genres while maintaining the integrity of the product - sonically and harmonically",8,13,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"Kanye has been known for releasing incredible game-changing albums. This album is no different. I literally cannot think of a song I do not like. The features are expertly utilized, the tracks have such incredible emotion behind them, what's there not to like about this album? A common critique has been lack of cohesiveness, but I disagree. I really feel like there is a clear theme throughout most of the album.",8,13,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"Another mesh of amazing sounds. Starts off on a very high note and keeps the energy going throughout the album. The only thing holding it back from a perfect 10 were some questionable lyrics on a couple songs.",7,12,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"Wow, Kanye has done it again. This album really demonstrates his incredible ability to innovate in music. The whole album hasn't been released yet, however I have listened to the tidal live stream about 5/6 times now and it delivers on his promise of being an exceptional album. TLOP really makes the rest of music out right now seem watered down, and lacking a certain bang that came with this piece of music. My only concern is that Kanye is considering putting 'FACTS' on the final product. If he does that sadly there will be one track on this album to make it imperfect, but otherwise it's a certified masterpiece.",8,14,"Feb 13, 2016"
10,"Kanye has opened new doors to Hip Hop with this album. I've never heard anything like this before. The production is fantastic, the features all hit, Kanye shows us more of his unique personality. Truly the album of life.",8,14,"Feb 14, 2016"
8,"The heart of this album lies in its sound. Kanye may not be at his lyrical peak, but the mixture of the well executed instrumentals and Kanye's lyrics lead to another innovation in his sound. Cant wait to hear the next project from him.",4,7,"Feb 14, 2016"
9,"Some really strong tracks, a lot of really inventive sampling and emotional moments. Let down by a few weak interludes but I don't think that takes away from the strength of this album.
Could be Kanye's best yet.",4,7,"Feb 15, 2016"
5,"About half of the songs on the album are amazing. The other half of the songs are complete trash. This album is all over the place and the quality is not consistent in the slightest. The lyrics can be funny and clever but then Kanye goes overboard on the corny lines sometimes which makes me cringe.",10,18,"Feb 16, 2016"
10,"Kanye West introduces gospel beats, and new collaborations to the rap genre which creates an amazing album.  While the songs aren't too cohesive and come from a lot of different directions, all of them are top notch.",5,9,"Feb 14, 2016"
9,"Great album. There were high expectations going into it and I came out satisfied and then some. There are a few lackluster songs but the good far outweighs the bad. Kanye has once again proven that no matter how strange of a celebrity he is in public, he is ultimately a great musician",5,9,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"this album is so excellent. i think it'll be almost as good as MBDTF. The sounds are just so beautiful, and the features are on point, the lyrics are crazy. Definitely buying this.",6,11,"Feb 13, 2016"
10,"This is MDBTF meets Happy Yeezus. It fits the MDBTF structure and it's so well done, so well executed, so interesting, so complex.... This is the Kanye West of albums.",6,11,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"Best album since MBDTF. The Life Of Pablo really touches your soul and force to reflect about this world. The first track (Ultralight Beam) perfectly introduces you, what this album about. Kanye West AGAIN succeeded to show, why he is one of the best of ALL TIME",6,11,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"I've been waiting for this album since 2014. I think it's Kanye's best album since MBDTF. Production, Lyrics, Samples, everything. Kanye's really a genious.",6,11,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"Kanye West comes through again with another great album. This is a mixture of all his best albums that include soul samples, great melodies, and heavy hitting drums. Great features on the album as well, as opposed to the not so critically acclaimed Yeezus in 2013. This is easily going to go down as one of his best album and will contend for album of the year.",6,11,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"I already knew Kanye was going to come up with a project ahead of time, he did it The College Dropout, 808's, and MBDTF, and of COURSE Yeezus. Amazing production, lyrics were very solid, PERFECT HOOKS, and outstanding features. Has to be in the top 5 for the year of 2016.",6,11,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"Kanye delivered on his promise with this album. It's different and more abstract from anything he's produced before, and feels like his most emotionally meaningful record yet. With TLOP Kanye explores new fantastic sounds, and the production is simply incredible. This is a master piece.",6,11,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"as we heard it on the yeezy season 3 show its a damn good album.
great melodies and song-structures, futuristic beats -
only problem iz solved - its out",7,13,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"This album is unapologetically Kanye. I would say it is strongly influenced by 808s and Heartbreaks, Yeezus, and My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy. If you were a fan of those albums, you will find something to love about The Life of Pablo. The production on this album is absolutely insane. The beats are fantastic, the songs have progression, the songs are rapid fire and give you a twisted view of Kanye's reality.",7,13,"Feb 13, 2016"
9,"kanye prove his artistry , no his best record but undoubtly his best art comosition.........................................................................................................",7,13,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"TLOP features some of the best production on a Kanye album since MBDTF. Musically this album is a mixture of 808s, College Dropout and MBDTF to form a beautiful abstract sonic experience that can't be quantified with a rating. Lyrically Kanye is once again scrutinising his own actions, mental state and his past. Kanye doesn't conform to what people expect from him, in fact he addresses his fan's constant yearning for 'old Kanye'. TLOP needs to be heard, reviews are cool but go listen for yourself fam.",7,13,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"This album is like a hybrid of all the great parts from his previous albums. Reminds me of the old Dark Twisted Fantasy Album. I used to say I missed the old Kanye... This makes me love the new Kanye.",7,13,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"The album is Kanye, fantastic and an emotional journey of music. The album was well worth the delay and the amount spent. The only thing i would say could be improved is certain song, ones you will know if you listen, feel out of place on a Kanye Album. Certain Lyrics lack creativity but can be overlooked. Overall 'The Life of Pablo' is a phenomenal album and shows perfectly how fantastic Kanye is as a producer/artist/.",7,13,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"Great album overall. weak beat here and there, weak line here and there but almost every track in the album is sweet listen. although i would give up on few stupid lines like Taylor's swift line, kanye bring great bars and lyrics on most of it, and in some tracks like Real Friends and No More Parties in L.A its his best lyrics i've heard in few years.",7,13,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"Anyone that says this album doesn't live up to the hype is basing their opinion completely on their hate for Kanye as a person. The man may be arrogant and a complete **** but the music he creates is still some of the best you'll find today.
The Life of Pablo is a hit, it's like listening to a greatest hits album of songs that you've never heard before.
The only downside is he took out Vic and Sia out of wolves (although Frank Ocean as a feature was almost just as good) but the album is still some of the best rap/hip hop I've heard in a long time.",7,13,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"This album is Kanye's Book of Revelation in the Bible of Yeezus. While he passes judgement on his enemies (one of which includes himself) in this chaotic, warped set of 17 beautifully produced tracks, he also maintains an atmosphere of optimism, redemption, and happiness that he's finally found in the closing chapter of his discography. Highlights include Ultra Lightbeam,  the second part of Father Stretch My Hands (Desiigner is going to have a hell of a career), and FML.",7,13,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"This album sounds like a greatest hits album of new songs. It's a little wild and all of the place, but in the best way possible. It all comes together somehow in a way that I can't even explain with words. Amazing album. 'Kanyeezy you did it again. You a genius'.",7,13,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"KANYE IS A GOD, I AM A GOD, WE ARE GODS, thank you, thank everyone, BE INSPIRED BY THIS MAN, NO ONE IN MUSIC HISTORY HAS DONE THE THINGS HE'S DONE, even if you dont like his music, just look how hard he works to achieve his dreams, we should all be doing the same, he's shown us anything is possible, WE CAN DO THIS PEOPLE :D",9,17,"Feb 14, 2016"
3,"Seriously? This is decent at best. The first 4-5 tracks to introduce the album is great the rest is meh.. Travis Scott did a much better job with the same theme and received much lower ratings smh. The bias opinions need to stop.
We'll see how many of you still listening to this in a month that's the true rating.",11,21,"Feb 19, 2016"
1,"All these ten reviews are completely absurd. Either people have been paid to promote this drivel or the kanye bandwagon has officially made people lose their minds and act like a religious cult. This is Kanye worst work yet as he drifts closer and closer to ending up in a psych ward.",14,27,"Feb 17, 2016"
10,"When is Kanye actually going to release this album? My GOD, it's been a while. I watched the live stream of the debut. Great as always. Great features, except the cut of Vic Mensa and Sia on 'Wolves'. That was a great song. Frank Ocean is a great feature but not as good as Sia and Mensa. Oh, well. The album is a combination of all his past albums. Great lyrics about Taylor Swift, Kim and Rob.",7,14,"Feb 12, 2016"
10,"Seriously, people hate on Kanye so much, but name one rapper who has as much influence and who changes the game as much as he does. Every single album is so different, it could be released by a different artist. TLOP is no different. He hasn't spit this well since College Dropout and the beats and production are on another level as usual. There is no comparison. Yeezus Christ is the single best artist of our generation. TLOP is testimony to that.",6,12,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"Cette album est juste une tuerie!!! Peut-tre son album le plus aboutie avec MBDTF. On aura attendu 3 ans, mais a valait vraiment le cot. Sur cette album on le droit  tout, on passe du gospel, au rap futuriste, et aussi au bon vieux rap oldschool. Et puis ce final sur Fade pour conclure l'album. Je crois bien avoir eu une rection en l'coutant. Un album grandiose et sans aucun doute le meilleur de cette anne.",6,12,"Feb 14, 2016"
4,"I'm absolutely perplexed how people can be giving this album good reviews.  There are a couple of really good songs, the rest is some of the worst stuff I've ever heard.  For example if you can't freestyle, don't put it on your album.  It is probably the worst freestyle I've ever heard, here's an excerpt, and the rest of it is like this:
What the f*** right now?
What the f*** right now?
What the, What the f*** right now?
What if we f*** right now?
What if we f***ed right in the middle
Of this motherf***in' dinner table?
What if we f***ed at the Vogue party?
Would we be the life of the whole party?
Shut down the whole party
Would everybody start f***in'?
Would everybody start f***in'?
Would everybody start f***in'?
If rhyming a line with the exact same line is talent then I'm a rap god.",5,10,"Feb 18, 2016"
9,"What I like about Kanye - If he said that he will do a great material - he do a great material. It can be an upstart and rude - but his talent is incredible!",5,10,"Feb 14, 2016"
9,"Explored Sound Is A Highlight Of The Album, It's So Diveresed But Still It Doesn't Leave A Theme That Kayne West Already Build With The 1st Song, The Production Is Really Excenllent, And Lyrics Is Good With A New Direction And Honesty Kayne Presented Is Impressive With Talking About And Comparing The Past With Future",5,10,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"This album is as close to perfect as Yeezy could've gotten.  There are only two songs on the entire album that I have issues with, and that's only because I don't see how they feel in the overall narrative of the album.  I don't mind them being there but I know I will likely make a playlist out of the album in iTunes and just remove those two particular tracks.  I won't say which two I am referring to as it is up to you to decide what this album does for you.
Lyrically he is exactly where he should be at this point.  And while I didn't think he would take any chances sonically, I am happy to report this album is just as DIFFERENT as his last three have been from each other...which is always a good thing in his case.  Because he innovates and looks for the paths he hasn't travelled and always seems to choose something like a star.  Robert Frost would be proud.",5,10,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"In the same class as MBDTF. Giving it a 10/10 only because MBDTF was perfect and this album is still very good. Kanye is a dick and always ill be blinded by his ego but he can produce some amazing pieces of art.",3,6,"Feb 16, 2016"
10,"What can i say, kanye does it agian. The album of life he says, and that is trough. The album is meant to be uncohesive, its about everything kanye has done in his life up to this point. Kanye never does thing twice, and this is what we get, a 2016 BBQ for life",3,6,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"Another masterpiece from Kanye. Truly one of the greatest artists of our generation. Classic Kanye lines and some great soul songs. Production is unparalleled in hip-hop today. The best hip-hop album since 'To Pimp a Butterfly'  (Thank you Chance for Waves and your verse on Ultralight Beam)",3,6,"Feb 14, 2016"
7,"I made a Tidal trial account just for this album and, honestly, I expected more. TLOP is a long, well produced album with great featurings, but there's an incredible sense of confusion and in the gem of Wolves, without any motive Kanye, dropped off Sia & Vic Mensa and the track gone trash. Good album that could've been great.",3,6,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"As a huge fan of 'My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy' Kanye, this is the kind of album I've been waiting for since 2010. All sorts of genres as well as phases of hip-hop are covered, from Ultra Light Beams-Gospel, to Highlights-modern rap... Truly a work of art. Wouldn't expect any less from Kanye.",3,6,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"Nearly every song is refreshing.  Favorite tracks:  Waves, FLM, Real Friends, Wolves, No More Parties in LA, Famous.  Least favorite: Facts
Needless to say if you're a Kanye fan, you won't be disappointed.",3,6,"Feb 15, 2016"
10,"This album is beautiful. A lot of people will not like the autotune, but this could be his most personal work to date, and his best produced album too! The features all did brilliant, and the lyricism is reminiscent of Graduation and 808s. Stellar work from a genius!",3,6,"Feb 14, 2016"
9,"This is what everybody was expecting from Kanye and what everybody wasn't expecting from Kanye. It's another solid record as anticipated, but full of intelligent production and amazing samples that prove to be pleasantly surprising and extremely satisfying. Each song feels like it could be its own album while retaining the ability to exist cohesively and fantastically within the album. It's a great listen, if you like past Kanye records you will like this, if you have never listened to Kanye you will like this. The only people that will hate this record are those who are dismissive towards Kanye because of his representation in the media, this is an unimportant stigma that prevents closed-minded people from hearing some pretty great music. It's their loss.",3,6,"Feb 14, 2016"
8,"the production is consistently thrilling and entrancing. However, his rapping has been better in the past. The production alone makes this album must-listen though. The featured guests did a fantastic as well.",3,6,"Feb 15, 2016"
10,"A perfect combination of everything good about Kanye and it's a great album to add to his discography. Years from now Kanye will be talked about and respected for the amazing artist he is.",3,6,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"In many ways, this album feels like a summation of all of Kanye's work to date. It includes sample heavy production work like his earlier albums, it has some conspicuous auto-tune like Heart Breaks and 808's and it has some skeletal production like his work with Daft Punk on Yeezus. They all get thrown into a mix that probably most resembles My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasies but also feels incredibly vital and fresh. This freshness is reinforced in the way that it covers interesting new lyrical territory for Kanye with his rhymes often discussing the transition from being single to being a family man and father. An artist summing himself up musically during a period of personal transition. Great stuff. And personally, I've wanted to hear Kanye and Chance the Rapper together forever. Dreams do come true.",3,6,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"Kanye is yet to disappoint and TLOP adds yet another masterpiece to his discography, which was epic enough as it was. There are moments that sound like each one of his past releases so if you're a fan of all that came before, this should satisfy. The production here is mind-blowing and unique, particularly on tracks such as Ultra Light Beam and Wolves. Music at it's controversial finest, from a living artistic legend.",3,6,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"i already wrote a review but I am rewriting it.
This album is insane.  I have not enjoyed any album this much for a while. Production wise this album is great.  Lyrics are  bit   on and off there for sure. But the whole album sounds so **** good that you forget about the lyrics.
I think Kanye's main focus was on production and combining his earlier innovations into this one masterpiece.  Musically it is intended to be incohesive since it combines different genres.Thematically upto 'waves' it is pretty tight and kanye has mentioned 30 hours as a bonus track on the track itself. So after that its just a bunch of excellent songs.
While MBTDF(again 10)  was great both lyrically and sonically it had some lengthy songs on second half of the .album.
This album while falling short lyrically covers that shortcoming neatly. Some songs are sweet version of 'Yeezus' songs .
I headbanged so hard on Highlights ! Mannn!",3,6,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"Incredible album. Best way to describe it is trap gospel. No one else is making music like this. Definitely his best album since my beautiful dark twisted fantasy. First half of the is on par in terms of sound and production",3,6,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"A lot of people base their hatred for kanye's music from his personality without actually hearing his music and what he has to say. fantastic album with all great tracks.",3,6,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"Kanye continues to create astounding album after album and this one does not change that. Still listening and deciding if its better than MBDTF and Yeezus. His promise to fix Wolves should help that",3,6,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"Kanye remasters the sprawl on this album. Ever since 808s, Kanye has focused his sound, channeling single aesthetics and honing his production skills, growing further from pop. However, on TLOP, we see a more mature, married, and all around happier Kanye back to his old self, amalgamating a more mainstream melodic tone with his trademark cacophonic ramble. Kanye, the modern day renaissance man, exhibits his resilience with the help of an all star lineup of features. The man has reinvented himself yet again, this time better than ever. He's not a rap god, he's an ART GOD",3,6,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"Best Kanye album since MBDTF, even though i loved yeezus, this is just a taste of kanye throughout his career in one album, which also has some sick production and some great lyrics",3,6,"Feb 15, 2016"
10,"Well, you could define T.L.O.P as Kanye West's grand comeback. Well if you do, i agree with you.
T.L.O.P is more an experience than an album, the almost trap-ish beats combined with the gospel and wave-heavy beats creates a mood that goes trough the whole album like red line. All in all a masterpiece.",3,6,"Feb 15, 2016"
10,"This album truly is nothing short of a classic!!! He gives you something from each album (especially last 3.. Yeezus, MBDTF, and 808) ..... It gets better each listen!!! For me, it's top 3 of his catalog but I want to sit on the album a few more months to see if it still moves me the same, to move it up on his best albums list... Sonically, there will be no better album this year!!",3,6,"Feb 16, 2016"
10,"Kanye did it again, This was not a consistent album, but it was done intentionally. A perfect mixture of many music genres. You start off with a gospel like song, then you just drop into bass with nice vocals of kid cudi. The rest is history.",3,6,"Feb 17, 2016"
9,"Some of the beat switches got on my nerves initially and could have been executed more smoothly in my opinion. I have started to get used to them after multiple listens and can really enjoy almost every single song on this album (freestyle 4 aside). Ultralight Beam is amazing. Fantastic album with many highs.",3,6,"Feb 17, 2016"
9,"Wouldn't go as far to say it's Kanye's 'White Album', but I can understand the comparison. It's not perfect, but there is a perfect album in there somewhere, mostly within the first half. Everything after 'Silver Surfer Intermission' is strictly bonus in my opinion, which helps maintain any sense of consistency and flow among the rest of the album. There are elements of old, including the auto-tune throwback to '808's' and heavily sampled flow of early Kanye with tracks such as 'No More Parties in L.A.'. The vicious 'Yeezus'-era sound is apparent in 'Feedback' and 'Freestyle 4'. What's new and progressive here is the occasional use of modern trap sounds, apparent in 'Father Stretch My Hands Pt. 2', and this type of loose structure/quick cut theme is new to Kanye. We're so used to having cohesive albums from Kanye that this jumping around from idea to idea is both distracting and thrilling. Kind of like the erratic lead-up to Pablo's release, this album as a whole is pretty erratic, yet entertaining and undoubtably sonically appealing. Kanye continues to reign as a producer, while throwing his blunt jabs that one can either find hilarious or offensive.",2,4,"Feb 17, 2016"
9,"Look! This record is downright relevant, alive, interesting, full...I've never been a huge Kayne fan, but this record has changed that for me. It's amazing, fun, sad, just downright great. Sorry haters, Kayne is real, real good with The Life Of Pablo.",2,4,"Feb 17, 2016"
9,"For me its a clear 8.5 from Kanye, so Im giving him 9. It could be better without 3/4 songs that are on the album, the idea is beautiful, but album is not that consistent as MBDTF is. Still a great album from Kanye.",2,4,"Feb 16, 2016"
9,"Production is on par with MBDTF, maybe even better. 10/10. The lyrics have their moments, but they're kind of lazy and hold it back from being a 10 for me. They're not any worse than you'll find on other albums, but the production is so good that it makes it look like the flow can't keep up by comparison.",2,4,"Feb 17, 2016"
10,"Sonically, his most vast and solid effort. kanye's use of features and collabs always make sense in ways you never thought they would. Lyrically, not his best, but a very feel good album that encapsulates the legacy of kanye.",2,4,"Feb 15, 2016"
10,"Although this album did not bend the genre like 808s and heartbreak or yeezus, it was a great album and this is some of kanye's greatest work in years. Production was a masterpiece",2,4,"Feb 15, 2016"
9,"Absolutely stunning. From the moment the choir comes in on Ultralight Beams to the last note of Fade, you get Kanye firing on all cylinders. The most grueling album I've heard in a long time, and that is the best compliment I could give an album. There is so much beauty and soul to get through, it's almost overwhelming. Kanye only had one misstep: the misogynistic and perplexing Taylor Swift line.",2,4,"Feb 15, 2016"
9,"Only an artist like Kanye West can produce a unfinished album and make this CD sound incredible, to universal music standards. But the real question is: Is this album matchable to Kanye West's standards? It can easily be seen that Kanye lacks certain goals that he didn't even have to sweat to overcome in his previous albums. Then again, does he need a point to his work? We are talking about a true phenomenon, in which people just want his music to come out.
It's still too early to even compare The Life of Pablo to the 2013 album Yeezus, and it obviously doesn't  reach the level of College Dropout, Late Registration, Graduation, and MBDTF. Yet again, it's a better album then 808's and heartbreak, and just maybe better compared to Yeezus.
The production is outstanding (typical of Kanye West), and a uncommon point of this work is that the collaborations are fantastic. He really didn't need to make fabulous lyrics. He had a great team for that.
One of the only counterpoints is that it does sound unfinished. In his antecedents CDs, it can easily be seen where the album started and finished. In The Life of Pablo, Fade is definitely not a an outro. A song like Who will survive in America, Late, or Last Call is missing.
Returning back to the main question, this is not Kanye West's best work, but compared to other artists, this just maybe a masterpiece. So it reaches Kanye West's standards. A rare fact is that Kanye is in a level in the hip hop game that is considered 'legend.' Not even Nas, Jay Z, or even Tupac had the consistency that Kanye has in all his discography. He did it again, just accept it.",2,4,"Feb 15, 2016"
9,"This album is fantastic. In fact it is very fantastic but what stops it from being a classic album such as his previous work (MBDTF and Late Registration) is the lack of cohesion and consistency with the albums which might be because of his irregular thought pattern of changing everything about the album all the time. Nonetheless, it's a Kanye album. Of course it's gonna be fantastic.",2,4,"Feb 15, 2016"
10,"If you can't see the CREATIVE GENIUS in this album, problably you're an idiot. This album is something amazing, he changed the game yet another time. Love this crazy egocentric psychopath",2,4,"Feb 17, 2016"
10,"Future has elevated the trap genre to a new level and established a distinct sound with Metro Booming and Southside. EVOL is a great counter to DS2 and shows how he can be dynamic and consistent at the SAME DAMN TIME.",2,2,"Feb 16, 2016"
9,"Future has especially changed the sounds of his album and some of his themes and he still sometimes mumbles as usual but this album is fire and Future is amazing on this album as usual.",1,1,"Jun  1, 2016"
7,"Evol came out of nowhere and I have to say this was a nice surprise from Future.The album starts off the the track Ain't no Time which was one of the best tracks on Evol,the album remains consistent but then dips a bit with the tracks Photo copied and Seven rings which weren't bad tracks but not as good as the other with some over repetitive lyrics.
The album then picks up with the track Lie to me which was the best song in this album(fun and energetic trap song),from here the album finishes off well and again I have to praise Future on his consistency there was no bad track in this album though the album really lacked some street banger songs future has been known for like F_ck up some commas and Move that dope.Not sure if Evol is better than Dirty Sprite 2 because really Evol felt like a well produced Mixtape rather than an Album,but this album is cleary from a man in form that is making some fun and enjoyable music which makes is great for us too.
The best tracks are Ain't no time,Lie to me,Low life feat The Weeknd and Fly Sh*t only.As I said there are no bad songs in this album but Xanny Family,Photo copied and Seven rings are the weaker tracks.
So Evol is a good,entertaining,fun trap album Future has made and Future fans and probably non future fans will enjoy this,this album has nothing deep that his previous albums have contained but that doesn't stop Evol with some Good production and an inspired Future,Clearly not his best album but definitely a good album in it's own right.",4,5,"Feb 10, 2016"
5,"I think these consecutive releases by Future with 2 albums and 5 mixtapes are getting tiresome. D2D and EVOL don't have much difference in instrumental and lyrical and this is becoming cloying.
Clearly the best tracks of this album are Low Life (with the wonderful The Weeknd), Fly **** Only and Photo Copied. The album seems to be more of an exploitative and sexual outburst Future about his former relationship with Ciara ... I may be wrong, but it is what it seems.
Anyway... I hope he'll take a break with these extensive releases to develop more well thought out and useful projects.",8,11,"Feb  9, 2016"
10,"THIS IS FUTURES BEST EVER PROJECT.... I was worried that quantity was taking over quality for this new album.... BUT OH HOW I WAS WRONG... this album is perefct, different beats, different feels, different sounds, good contrast between songs and 'low life' with the weeknd just gives that little cherry on top. The quality of every song is perfect.... you can just feel how much effort was put into this album. What a piece of art, just wow !! Drizzy and Kanye got some compettion",3,6,"Feb 11, 2016"
6,"OK, time to be honest......I like Future. I like most of his projects like DS2 and WATTBA. I know they're pretty much copy and pastes, but he really is like a drug. So needless to say, I was interested about this album seeing it's only been about 3 weeks since Purple Reign came out......And yea I enjoyed this.
What can I say, it's Future there's no specific difference to his last project and there probably won't ever be, but his music is enjoyable and at the end of the day, that's what matters.
Favorite Tracks:Low Life, Xanny Family
Least Favorite Tracks:Seven Rings
I'd still say my favorite project by Future is What A Time To Be Alive but this is definitely worth a listen or two
6/10",0,1,"Feb 15, 2016"
0,"most of the music on here doesnt really hold my interest. like his past works. you can only take a few songs that may stand out more than others. but even then those ones dont really have much a sound to them.",0,1,"Apr 19, 2016"
3,"On 'DS2', his previous album, Future did the unthinkable : he surprised us. The album was catchy, quite creative for trap music and without being outstanding lyrically, Future seemed to have things to say and the writing was a lot better than on his previous efforts. You didn't have to like Future's work to like 'DS2' : his autotuned flow, usually appalling on a whole song, was the most surprising thing on the album.
2 mixtapes later, Future releases his fourth studio album 'EVOL' and the illusion left by 'DS2' that Future was actually a promising talent goes right through the window. Of the 11 tracks of the album, it's impossible to remember one in particular, maybe except for 'Low Life' (mostly because The Weeknd is on it). The production is absolutely similar to 'DS2' except it's lacking of extravagant and surprising moments like 'Blood On The Money' and 'Slave Master' or catchy mainstream hits like 'Where Ya At'.
'EVOL' is just another collection of beats and unsurprising productions. Lyrically, it is a real disaster. The album is slightly boring, to say the least ...",0,2,"Feb 23, 2016"
5,"To say that this album is mediocre I think would be a little overly disparaging; nevertheless, on EVOL Future is just following the same formula hes established for several projects now, which has become obnoxiously redundant at this point.",0,0,"Mar  2, 2016"
2,"The dystopian Future is not artistic but autistic in his 'Evol' album.  This is essentially a poorer version of 'DS2' without the hits.  It's pushing rap and hip-hop in the wrong direction.",0,0,"Mar  1, 2016"
9,"I honestly lil durk being involved in Young thug's music was good and bad at the same time. 100% honest, my least favorite song on this tape was Ridin ft. Lil Durk, the other song with Durk was alright. Thats why i said it was good and bad he was in this tape. Now, Durk is known for his catchy, grimy voice, i forsure like the guy, but Ridin was not at his greatest, really dry lyrics etc.. Although this whole tape was great, production never upsets, different features, and good flows.",0,0,"Feb 14, 2016"
8,"By far, this is an album that easily captures what it's to sorrow on the dance floor. An album with sultry R&B and very well used, with catchy and romantics compositions. Very well thought out for a debut album.",1,1,"Feb 11, 2016"
8,"This got a veyr comfy R&B mood carried with electronic-chillout house influence. It's sounds like a soundtrack to the winter and the catchy good moments when you in love with your most significant person who you love. Great production, tight vocals.  8/10",1,2,"Feb 10, 2016"
3,"Great voice, amazing talent. However, this is another example of artists working around an album with only a few hits, just to make money and sell albums.",0,1,"Mar 28, 2016"
7,"For an album that consists of material that did not make his prior albums, expectations have to be tempered. Khalifa continually comes through with clever and memorable hooks. Occasionally the melody matches, but is otherwise underwhelming. Celebrate, Elevated, City View, and iSay have similar nuances to some of Wiz's larger mainstream hits. Other tracks provide more of a Taylor Gang mixtape feel. Good mix of songs that will keep listeners occupied until the release of Rolling Papers II later this year.",2,2,"Feb 20, 2016"
4,"Wiz drowns himself in money, power and weed here.  He better come up with something new and quick for next time or there aren't going to be anymore 'next times' before long.",1,1,"Mar  1, 2016"
6,"Okay Wiz Khalifa's album is a good album and here is why.First off this album is slightly more structured than Blacc Hollywood because Wiz focuses on the album as a whole compared to his last album whereby he was aiming to make hit singles and that ended up mixing the tone of Blacc Hollywod.Khalifa however is way less commercial and for the first half of this album wiz puts his heart into it.
The album starts off with the track BTS which is simple then Wiz remains consistent with tracks like Celebrate(FT.Rico Love) and Cowboy until the momentum of the album drops in the second half from the track Make a Play and from here Wiz is just rapping about generic stuff he raps about in every album/mix tape(weed,money and taylor gang) which is a bit disappointing because it doesn't offer much creativity until the last two songs of the album redeem the album's focused but chill tone with Lit(FT. Ty Dolla Sign) and iSay(FT. juicy j).
One small let down in this album was Wiz's lack of creative lyrics,most of his lyrics were lax and overly simple,but fortunately the good production saved Wiz and I promise you every chorus in this album was catchy and well done especially Cowboy and City View(FT. Courtney Noelle) and no song in this album is horrible.
The best tracks are Cowboy,Celebrate,Lit(FT. Ty dolla sign)( which had a great change of beat) and finally Call waiting which was undoubtably the best song because he sang(don't worry it's pretty good) it was more like a jazz track and was awesome I just wish he could have done more of this.The weaker tracks are Most of Us,Zoney and Make a Play and the best features were Rico Love,Travis Scott and Ty Dolla sign.
What you can say about Khalifa is that Wiz put effort is this album,sure his lyrics felt a bit too chill but it was less jumbled up compared to his last album,but then again his oversimplified lyrics lack of focus and momentum in the second half bring this album down but thankfully not too much and was able to be better than his last album and felt this was just a starter to Rolling Papers 2 which will drop later,but Khalifa was a good enough experience.",0,2,"Feb 12, 2016"
0,"It's like he gave up on making good music just to stay relevant. Only Chris Brown is able to pull that off. I guess I don't understand the reason behind releasing albums with no major hits on them.",0,0,"Mar 28, 2016"
0,"Typical trashy hip hop for the radio with OK beats. This dude is nothing but a joke with his lyrics ................................................................",0,0,"Mar 13, 2016"
6,"Fav Tracks-
BTS
Celebrate
Cowboy
Make A Play
Most Of Us
Bake Sale
Lit
No Permission
Least Fav Tracks-
Elevated
City View
Call Waiting
Most of Us
iSay",0,0,"Mar 16, 2016"
8,"Showcases his ability and plays to his strengths. Gates needed to prove he truly had another gear after the success of the trap anthem IDGT... He did not disappoint. The album does an excellent job of providing something for all his fans with stories of his success and the headaches that accompany the fame, to real world throwbacks to what brought him to this point, and a few more catchy trap anthems.",1,1,"Feb  4, 2016"
9,"Kevin Gates goes off again, with yet another extremely solid piece of music. Wish I Had It might be my favorite song on the album, which actually makes me more on his side than the fan he kicked. Yes you read that right. I didn't believe it at first myself. Easily one of the best rap albums of 2016 and it's only February.",1,1,"Feb 21, 2016"
10,"I personally was shocked after i finished listening to this album, if you know about rap you know that reputation of Kevin Gates being a bum, although this was completely different project. This is probably one of the best rap projects of the  year by far, was for sure impressed, and greatly awesome to hear before a workout.",1,1,"Feb 14, 2016"
7,"Fav Songs-
Not The Only One
Really Really
2 Phones
La Familia
Thought I Heard
One Thing
The Truth
Told Me
Excuse Me
Least Fav-
Pride
Hard For
Ain't Too Hard
I Love It
Jam",1,1,"Mar 16, 2016"
4,"Kevin Gates doesn't distinguish himself from the rest of the field in this debut LP of his.  Gangsterism, love and typical beats.  That's about all there is here.  Gates tries to explain why he kicked that one female fan in one of the songs ('The Truth' I think), but it's not a good excuse. He's hardly able to pull it off.",1,2,"Mar  1, 2016"
0,"Kevin Gates is just another generic crappy cut and copy edgy dumbass who beats girls for not sucking off his dog and has shoot and killed people and then goes on to make generic music and gets support from idiots",1,4,"Feb  5, 2016"
3,"Kevin Gates isn't a horrible artist but he's pretty generic which makes some of his music very boring. If every 5 seconds i mentioned how rich i am it would get pretty annoying. Some songs on this album are ok but all together its not a very good album.",0,1,"Apr 17, 2016"
10,"Album is worth it for the track 'Told Me' alone. This is the first rap album I've ever purchased and knowing there's rap and hip hop out there like this, I'll be giving other rap artists much more attention than I used to. Kevin Gates has got some pretty sick music and does seem to genuinely have a knack for all music as a few of the tracks on Islah very clearly bend the genres. Amazing album.",0,0,"May 19, 2016"
4,"Despite having some similarities in atmosphere to Tricky's magnum opus Maxinquaye, Skilled Mechanics lacks absolutely everything else that made that album one of my favorites of all time. The beats are sparse and unimaginative and sound like the same basic Garageband loop run over and over again. Tricky's deep vocals, typically an important piece of his sound, are completely uninspired here. He sounds almost as bored as I am when I listen to this record. Not every track here is a complete misstep - in general, the tracks featuring other artists bring enough variety to be mildly entertaining, but it isn't enough to save the record.
41/100",0,1,"Feb  2, 2016"
10,"After listening to Dre's new Compton album, I quickly found that this man, Anderson .Paak, was simply just taking the spotlight every time he was on the microphone. This album is simply incredible and shows just how talented this guy really is. I swear if he doesn't win a Grammy for this someone will get shot courtesy of me jk",4,4,"Apr  3, 2016"
10,"Simply amazing you don't know how good is Anderson .Paak 'til you don't listen Malibu... in particular The Season is a pure and simple MASTERPIECE, no other word, in less then 2 minutes he brings you pure feelings... Less cohesive and deep that To Pimp a Buttefly but he deserve the recognition he still not have. He reminds me also XXX of Danny Brown in some songs, listen at least The Season you'll be grateful",1,1,"Feb  8, 2016"
9,"The musicianship on display on this album is incredible. Anderson .Paak has managed to craft a set of songs that have their feet platted firmly in both the funk, soul and R&B of decades past and modern hip hop. It feels like what would happen if Stevie Wonder and Kendrick Lamar made an album. Paak bravely goes wherever he feels and the results are sublime. The only problems I have with the album are that it's perhaps two or three songs too long and it could benefit from a greater variety of moods. Those are really nitpicks though as what is there is so great.",1,1,"Feb 29, 2016"
10,"A very uplifting album and full of spirit... You can hear the gospel influence. I think Heart Don't Stand a Chance is easily the best song on the album. The features are also impressive, with Schoolboy Q and BJ the Chicago Kid.",1,1,"Feb 16, 2016"
9,"By far one of the best albums released so far this year. Paak clearly establishes himself as one of the heads of this R&B/Hip-Hop fusion that's been gaining more and more traction over the years with soulful instrumentals, clever lyrics, a great flow and distinct singing voice. Looking forward to seeing future collaborations with other artists.
Fave Songs: The Bird, Heart Don't Stand a Chance, Am I Wrong, Lite Weight, Silicon Valley",1,1,"Mar 28, 2016"
9,"The most intriguing thing about Dre's most recent album was the interesting voice and bars of Anderson .Paak. Instead of going in the rap direction, Anderson instead released a testament to old school soul and R&B. This is a fantastic album - tracks like 'Celebrate,' 'Put Me Thru,' and 'Come Down' are catchy and pretty much force the listener into breaking out into dancing. I didn't think any of the tracks were particularly weak, though some have more essence to them - 'The Bird' is such a track that I thought did a great job of opening the album and provided the listener with the answer to the question of 'who is Anderson. Paak?'
Altogether, one of the best albums of 2016 so far - though that isn't saying much on January 18th, but I'm certain that people will still be listening to this masterpiece years from now.",5,7,"Jan 18, 2016"
9,"EXPOSINGFLOPS is a piece of excrement and a **** troll. The perfect example of everything wrong with this website. If theres a moderator around, please delete his opinion, because it's not only **** and generic, it's wrong.
Great album, Anderson's a great artist and a cool guy, very down to earth. Known to hang with fans after shows.",3,5,"Jan 18, 2016"
8,"'Malibu' by Anderson Paak is a really good album. We can see an inspiration in 'To Pimp a Butterfly' in a few moments on this album. It's nice beginning of this year.",3,5,"Jan 19, 2016"
9,"Paaks got a musicality that could likely place him in the category of genius. Scope and influence are on display and while wide-ranging, never give the album a sense of attention-deficit disorder: it all flows like a single thought.
The most out of place track on the album is probably Silicon Valley; while the song is just as catchy, well-produced and layered it is more lyrically juvenile and overtly misogynistic than the other offerings.",1,2,"Jan 26, 2016"
8,"Real late to hear Anderson Paak and found him by mistake. But after hearing two of his collabos with other artists I had to find more and I'm glad I did. This sound is unique and none of the songs the same, making for a very listenable record. Now I can't say I'm a fan of all the songs as a few are sugar coated or mashups of sounds I don't really dig. However, this artist is one to watch and hear.",0,0,"May 17, 2016"
9,"This album defines good feels. Keep you feeling great all the way through. But besides the feels, on a more critical tip. this album is amazing. The lyrics are deep and introspective as .Paak delivers great performances that are filled with personality.",0,0,"Feb 28, 2016"
8,"Ever since this project released, Anderson.Paak has been getting non-stop praise. Along with those people and publications that have been saying those wonderful things, I will join them as well. This is one of the better albums to be released this year, and I think it will appear on many year-end lists for many publications. The overall concept and feel of the albums is what really sucks me in, along with the fantastic guest appearances. Mr. Paak decides to take advantage of the limelight he's received from making appearances on Dr. Dre's 'Compton' and The Game's 'The Documentary 2.5' and has applied that hype and approval to this album. I look forward to seeing Anderson.Paak on Dre's Aftermath Records, and will be paying close attention to what he does until then.",0,0,"May 26, 2016"
8,"Favourite Songs: Parking Lot, Come Down, The Bird, Am I Wrong
Least Favourite Songs: Silicon Valley
Anyone like me that heard Anderson Paak's last album Venice should have seen that something amazing like this was coming from Anderson .Paak. Although I didn't love Venice, I did say he had a lot of potential and that potential blossoms with this new album, which despite being an hour long is very cohesive; one of the many reasons it can be compared to Kendrick Lamar's last LP. The album is full of really tight grooves and some really funky bass lines that help drive the tracks forward and with his soulful and unique sounding vocals over the top the tracks become magnificent. Perhaps what's most impressive about this album is its features. Why? Because they're few and far between. Paak could have easily made the mistake of rushing into the studio with as many artists as he could as I'm sure he's eager to now that he has a newfound fame but he keeps the amount of features low and when they do turn up they don't outshine him in any way (they'd find it hard to if they tried.) They simply blend into the song as necessary. This is probably best demonstrated by Schoolboy Q on 'Am I Wrong' who I'm sure more than a few people will not recognise because of his flow and chilled delivery. Aside from a couple ok tracks here and there Malibu is great and I was surprised I liked this album as much as I did because there are very few R&B albums I love, old or modern. He can only go up from here.
Better Than Previous Project?: Yes
Try This If You Like: Speakerboxxx/The Love Below by Outkast",0,0,"Feb 22, 2016"
9,"Anderson .Paak has solidified himself as my favorite voice in the west-coast neo-soul movement. Musically beautiful, lyrically poignant and thematically consistent, .Paak delivers a fantastic outing with 'Malibu'.
Favorites: The Bird, The Season/Carry Me, Am I Wrong, Without You, Room In Here, Come Down & Silicon Valley
Weak Spots: Lite Weight, Celebrate & The Dreamer (but these aren't even bad, not by a large margin! They're just less fantastic!)",0,0,"Apr 23, 2016"
10,"The artist formerly known as Breezy Lovejoy has quite possibly come out with the best album of the year. Anderson weaves Soul, Funk, Blues, and Hip-Hop together incredibly well to make a spectacular and cohesive listen. He is on a roll and could be a superstar in the near future.
My favorite tracks: EVERYTHING!!! But if I was to narrow it down to 3 tracks, they would be Parking Lot, Come Down, and Put Me Through.",0,0,"May 21, 2016"
9,"I didn't know much about Anderson Paak before I listened to this album, but by the time I was finished, I was convinced he was the most talented musical artist I knew. His skill in rapping, singing, and producing are all highlighted in Malibu. Funk, soul, hip-hop, and R&B influences are scattered throughout this album, and Paak allows them all to mesh flawlessly. He raps very clearly, with thoughtful and witty bars, and his singing is soulful and R&B influenced. This record is sincere and personal, as Paak explores his come up, never forgetting his humble beginnings while declaring his prominence. It's meant to evoke feelings ranging from nostalgia and longing to perseverance and hope. While most stay high on their success, Anderson Paak stays true to his roots and reminds us that what we've endured will forever be a part of who we are",0,0,"Jun  3, 2016"
10,"And just when I was about to write off modern RnB, Anderson Paak happens and I am won over. Words cannot describe my love for this masterpiece. You there! don't waste time reading this crap, go listen to this album now!",0,0,"Jul 15, 2016"
9,"it's highly evident that his dealing days has taught him the proper means of giving only high quality product, 35 mins long but it really is quality > quantity. his raps are even more dense and have even more depth, he says everything he needs to say with no excess bullshiet. and his knack for choosing only high quality beats and features is again highly evident. remember this is just a prelude, but dont undermine any of it. would probs give 8.8. pusha is really a king of hip hop he will go down as one of the greatest to do it. looking forward to king push, peace.",4,6,"Dec 18, 2015"
10,"Push is doing his best rapping since Clipse's Hell Hath No Fury. Raw flow, disgusting lyricism, boosted by fire beats. King Push is the perfect album coming at the perfect time.",5,8,"Dec 18, 2015"
7,"I really regret that this album is so short. Thirty minutes of great music. 'Sunshine', 'Keep Dealing' and track with West are mu favourite. I'm waiting for nex year's King Push :)",1,2,"Dec 19, 2015"
9,"Darkest Before Dawn is Pusha's best solo work to date. He takes the elements from MNIMN that worked so well and lays them down consistently over these 10 tracks, with no fillers. This album is Pusha doing what he does best for 33 minutes, delivering bar after bar over excellent production. Best cuts - Untouchable, M.F.T.R, CCC, Sunshine, Keep Dealing.",1,3,"Dec 20, 2015"
5,"Other than the leaed/debut track from this, Untouchable, i didn't like any other song. Now, I do like that Pusha seems to be going into a new area. Using different beats and pace, etc. His voice echoes throughout each track without yelling. However, this 10 track Prelude was not for me.",1,5,"Dec 20, 2015"
0,"This album is average, random raps, hes following a clich formula, on oversatured trap beats, hes eating on te Kanye West appeal. Other than that this album is boring, an ugly face of hip hop.",3,28,"Dec 29, 2015"
9,"Wow. If this is the prelude, I can hardly imagine how incredible the real King Push album is going to be. Darkest Before Dawn is a masterful composition of what I assume are the throwaways from King Push. DBD isn't perfect, but every song contributes something important. Pusha T's tight flow, impressive lyricism, and incredible production make this album stand out from everything that's been released in 2015. Arguments could be made for several other albums being better, such as Kendrick Lamar's classic 'To Pimp A Butterfly' and Vince Staples's 'Summertime '06'; but DBD is without a doubt in the conversation for being a top 5 rap album of 2015. Fresh off being named the president of Kanye West's G.O.O.D. Music label, Pusha further shows a similarity to his boss in that they both take perfectionism to a crazy level when it comes to their studio albums. I, and the rest of the hip hop world, will now be waiting anxiously to see how good King Push is.
~ 8.6/10
Best track: 'M.P.A.'
Other notable tracks: 'Untouchable' & 'Crutches, Crosses, Caskets'",0,3,"Dec 19, 2015"
9,"Wow! Pusha T has done it again. His prelude to next year's King Push is another great album in Pusha T's discography. His sophomore effort is not better than his debut (My Name is My Name - which was my favorite album of 2013) but it's still awesome.
The first 2 tracks (Intro and Untouchable) get you pumped for the album, M.F.T.R. has an awesome instrumental and some of the most clever lines, Crutches, Crosses, and Caskets has great bars from Push (which we expect), M.P.A. we will get to it later, Got em Covered (a track that feels a lot like Suicide from MNIMN which also features Ab-Liva) has a good feature from Ab-Liva and an awesome instrumental that I really enjoy listening to, Keep Dealing has a very experimental strange instrumental and pretty good bars, Retribution (my least favorite track) has an average rap beat, okay and average bars, and a hook that sounds like all the rap I hear that isn't Push, F.I.F.A. has a pretty sweet instrumental, and Sunshine has guest vocals by Jill Scott but it sounded a little bit not like Jill Scott.
Now back to M.P.A. which has an amazing instrumental  that sounds like a beat off Kanye West's My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy. Has guest vocals I really dig by Kanye West, A$AP Rocky, and The Dream. Has a very interesting kinda moral. Definitely listen to this track it's the best on this album.
So to end of the review I'm definitely and highly anticipating King Push next year and anymore Albums, EP's, mixtapes, and compilations Pusha T releases. It's totally worth the listen.
Favorite Tracks: M.P.A., M.F.T.R., Got em Covered
Least Favorite Tracks: Retribution and Keep Dealing
Overall rating 8.8/10 or A-",0,0,"Dec 30, 2015"
5,"So angry so frustrated so talented, but... this album is not cohesive, a collection of good and not-so-good songs whithout a big hit and in only 35 minutes at least is not boring. King Push must be better or his rap carrer could end",0,0,"Feb 11, 2016"
8,"This prelude project sets the bar pretty high for Pusha T's King Push album expected to come out in 2016. Pusha T doesn't waste time and doesn't waste words: this album of is 33 minutes of Pusha T getting straight to the point. While utilizing great flow and great lyricism, Pusha T repeatedly delivers punch after punch with no fillers over a wide array of some very fantastic production from the likes of Timbaland, Kanye West, Boi-1da, and others.",0,0,"Jan  4, 2016"
10,"What can you expect when you have productions by Kanye West, Timbaland and Boi-1-da and Pusha-T doing his best lyrical and vocal work in years? A gem is what you can expect and is what you get with this prelude.",0,0,"Feb 11, 2016"
10,"I was going into this unsure, but after many listens I have to say I really enjoy this album Pusha comes through with some great veses, and Im a big fan of the production its top notch",0,0,"Mar 17, 2016"
7,"Pusha T makes a solid album here, different production but the same Pusha style. Im now amped for new music from him this year. But a problem here is that he's going dark just like every other rapper today.",0,0,"Jan 27, 2016"
7,"King Push delivers with this prelude album. It only makes you think what he has in store for us for the real thing.
While the songs on here don't have the same 'hit'-factor as some songs on My Name Is My Name, it makes up for it by being more consistent with it's quality.
Solid effort by King Push. While it may not by fire, it's definitely worth a listen.
Fav Tracks: Keep Dealin', Sunshine, Untouchable
Least Fav Track: M.P.A. (Maybe I was in the wrong mood for this one... I just wasn't feeling it.)",0,0,"Dec 31, 2015"
10,"Flames is an understatement,, Thugger executed it so swiftly in this project................ just wow, what a beautiful work of art. Now excuse me while I go and bump this album in my car",0,0,"Feb 12, 2016"
10,"This is only the beginning for a new chapter for Pusha T. Outstanding production was shown in this project, sends a powerful of being 3 people at a time, perfect flow and awesome features. Can not wait for King Push this year.",0,0,"Feb 14, 2016"
6,"The rollout for this album was pretty grandiloquent.  Pusha is a lyrical beast still, but there are few surprises overall.  He pretty much shoots flies in the dark here for thirty minutes or so, with a high caliber rifle mind you.",0,0,"Mar  1, 2016"
0,"What happened to Kid Cudi?
Speedin' Bullet 2 Heaven is possibly one of the worst albums ever created, and definitely earned the title of the worst album, of any genre, during 2015.
There are absolutely no redeeming qualities to this mess. If this album appeals to you, one of two things is happening:
1) You are a Kid Cudi stan. He could literally record himself taking an impressively large I've-eaten-nothing-but-TGI-Fridays-for-a-month dump, sing about suicide and release it as an album and you'd likely give it just as high a rating as you've given this.
2) You have never listened to any punk rock, grunge, garage rock or alternative rock prior to listening to this. If you are defending his lyrics, his musicality or his vocal talents, you're simply wrong and it's a matter of miseducation.
Don't listen to this. Save yourself the pain.",1,1,"Apr 23, 2016"
0,"Motto of this album's concept by a sane human being, don't do drugs kids. I want the old cudi back, he was a great musician now he's just drowned into some insane bs. Help this man. Is he even relevant?",5,6,"Dec 21, 2015"
0,"There is literally no way to express how much I used to appreciate Kid Cudi's previous efforts. On this one, it seems that he doesn't even know what he is doing. The lyrics are shallow, the production is bad, but the music is totally unlistenable. Not even one song on this album is either good, mediocre or a classic. I can't believe it. Why, Cudi? Why? We waited so long for you to make such an awful album as this?
I really didn't want to give this album a 0, but it seemed I have no choice. Hopefully Cudi wakes up and realizes that he is a rapper, not a rocker.",13,16,"Dec 18, 2015"
0,"Tragic album. Tragic instrumental. Tragic idea. I don't know. He can do really much better album and I hope so. Good luck mr. Kid Cudi :)........................",3,4,"Jan  7, 2016"
4,"Favourite Songs: Confused, Wedding Tux, Judgemental **** Speedin' Bullet 2 Heaven
Least Favourite Songs: Amen, Fade 2 Red, Screwed, Handle With Care
'This **** is so weak' proclaims Mescudi on 'Fairy Tale Remains'. It's quite likely that this line wasn't in reference to the album itself but by that stage SB2H had driven my mind so numb that that's all I could link it to. Now as a fan of Kid Cudi I'm always optimistic about any of his new releases, even if the buzz surrounding them isn't particularly positive, but after the disaster that was 'Satellite Flight' he really had to give me something better than this album to preserve my trust. He's made it virtually impossible to look forward to the long awaited Man on the Moon 3 album; the follow up to his last fantastic solo album 'Man on the Moon 2' which came out half a **** decade ago. 5 years on he's released what some might say is the worst album of 2015 and this is a result of a flawed personality trait he has- his unwillingness to take the any criticism of his alternative rock sound. I know he's been depressed so he might not care what people think but there is no excuse for being this delusional because thats what he is. He actually thinks this album is good enough to release for over 10 when it's really not and the die hard fans who are going to support it are probably capable of producing a better project themselves. But how? How could they make something better than a professional artist could? Well providing they've had a couple of years learning guitar they can. The songs on this album may go to a maximum of 4 chords when Cudi is feeling a little more 'experimental', although that's on very rare occasions because most of the time it's just 3 chords repeated for the whole song and as if to add insult to injury most of them aren't even catchy. It's so basic instrumentally you'll have to hear it to believe it. His lyrics on top of these riffs are moany- maybe a bit flat at points- but I've always thought they've sounded pretty unique and able to convey emotion even if it's only depression. However, his lyrics on here are almost as simple as the guitar chords and sometimes cringey. Not as cringey as the Beavis & Butt-Head skits that pop up throughout this record though. They are not funny at all and don't help this mess of an album, an album that is 60% filler; 80% when you take the second disc into consideration which is just a bunch of demos and bonus tracks I guess. I'd like to ignore the second disc but once again Kid Cudi proves he's delusional by putting it on the standard version of the album which is also the only version of the album. You release these kind of songs 20 years after they've been recorded if people think your album is a classic but he released them now maybe because he knew no one would give a **** in 20 years. I don't know if Kid Cudi is sane anymore but 'Speedin' Bullet 2 Heaven' makes me think that he may be going insane.
Better Than Previous Project?: Yeah...no...yeah? (???)
Try This If You Like: Miley Cyrus & Her Dead Petz by Miley Cyrus",5,7,"Dec 19, 2015"
0,"Unfortunately, Kid Cudi really dropped the ball with this album. The entire album is bad. Confused is the only song I could stand listening to. Every other song is horrible. Cudi seems to be going through a lot at the time, and hopefully once he gets in a better state of mind, he'll start producing good stuff again.",7,10,"Dec 18, 2015"
1,"Well... how to sum this album up? The fifth album by American rapper Kid Cudi is... difficult, in almost every way. Cudi departs from his hip hop roots further and moves toward an punk rock/grunge style, which in short, is an absolute disastrous (and almost, borderline catastrophic) move. The sixty minute fist disc which makes up the actual album, sounds like awful demos that even Nirvana themselves wouldn't be able to salvage something from. The lyrics, which are meant to be depressive in nature, do come across as that, but seem as shallow as the man who wrote them, summed up by THAT line from the track 'Adventures', 'Your vagina is moist and warm.'. It's as lyrically shallow as that car crash of a so-called 'album' Miley Cyrus tortured the world with earlier this year - the lyrics have no merit or meaning at all. The instrumentation is noting special, while one or two of the main album tracks do manage to bring something that's at least worth a second listen, such as 'Judgemental C*nt' and 'Confused!', the former being the only song on the album with any power or even that rebellious 'I Don't Care!' attitude that grunge and punk rock was formed from but being brutally honest, both songs lose any novelty value VERY quickly anyway. 'Angered Kids' is just mindless noise. Above all, one of the biggest problems with this record is Cudi's vocals, which sound like his vocal chords have been processed through a blender, and the Beavis & Butt-Head skits... I can only describe them as being f*cking pointless and completely insufferable. However, I will (reluctantly) give credit to Cudi for using analog recording techniques on the album, although the production is barely passable, even for a punk rock/grunge record. The second disc, which is meant to be the so-called 'unreleased demos' aren't even worth mentioning. I can only sum this up as being a tragic attempt to revive punk rock, and is not only the worst thing Cudi has released, but could even be the worst album this year (and that does include releases from Miley Cyrus and the POPE!). To sum it up by reworking several paraphrased lines from the album, 'It is nothing short of a f*cking waste that will leave you confused and in a deep state of post mortem bordem!'. Do yourselves a favour, and AVOID!
Album Highlights - If I HAD to pick one... 'Judgemental C*nt.",4,6,"Dec 21, 2015"
1,"This album is **** it's horrendous, it's horrible, it's so wack, it's one of the worst things i've ever heard, i **** hate kid cudi, he's the reason kurt cobain loaded that clip and then said BANG!.
if you want a good kid cudi album listen to his first man on the moons, if you want a slightly better turd go listen to indicud, if you want a barely better turd go listen to satellite flight.",2,3,"Dec 26, 2015"
3,"i tried to like this album.. its kudi trying to do punk rock or some kind of grunge for the modern era and hes not there.. hes doing his best Kurt Cobain and achieving about 1% of what Cobain did if he was basically knocked out cold on heroin and still put together an album. I for one am getting concerned for Scotts well being.. hes not going to take criticism of this album well, the lyrics in this album are reasonably depressing and the riffs are simply repetitive and nothing to be liked. I hope Kid Kudi can put together something better next time.. hes better off doing some kind of hip hop variant and staying away from puck rock / rock / grunge / experimental rock..",2,3,"Dec 30, 2015"
0,"**** this album. No hate intended, but this man needs to get all the yes men off his team. This 'punk rock' **** it hard to swallow by itself, with each song having such bland and simple instrumentation, but then Scott put his already bad singing over this, and it makes it god awful. I probably wouldn't give this a ****ing zero but there were 26 ****ING TRACKS. Every track make the headache this album gave me even worse, but when it hit the demo section, I wanted to run for the hills. I pray that his next album isn't worse. It can't be can it?",2,3,"Dec 22, 2015"
1,"Speedin' Bullet 2 Heaven is a Alt Rock effort by former art hip hop artist Kid Cudi after a string of hit or miss albums. I was curious to hear what Cudi had to offer, and damn........ only regrets now....
There is nothing but mundane, boring guitar riffs that Cudi repeats again, and again and again. Terrible tone-deaf or either cringeworthy singing.  Amateurish songwriting that take away any form of impact these songs could've had. 'Her vagina is moist and warm' 'No more chicken sandwiches.'  Extremely redundant Beavis and Butthead skits by Mike Judge himself.
Even worse is the fact that this album has 26 tracks and a run time of over 90 minutes. If the initial 18 tracks weren't bad enough, Cudi had the guts to throw the other 8 demo tracks into the mix. These demo tracks are by far the worst songs you will hear this year.  With 'The Return of Chip Douglas' being the absolute climax of cringe and awfulness.
Just four minutes of Cudi moaning about how a girl is not a nuisance and how she has to blow him while playing the same damn boring riff over and over again while having the guts to throw a tantrum in the last thirty seconds. (He literally goes like 'NUURHHH HURRR HUR')
The reason why I won't give this album a zero is because of one track (also few snippets of other tracks like the intro), and that is 'Judgemental **** The only track that gave me a decent rock vibe where Cudi wasn't messing up.
To conclude, Speedin' Bullet to Heaven is a bad album. I will defend the fact that Cudi has the right to go on weird artistic adventures, that's what gave us MOTM in the first place. But I will never defend this album.
This is the musical equivalent to a 90 minute long waterboarding session.
Period.",2,3,"Dec 30, 2015"
0,"Terrible album, terrible vocals, terrible instrumentation, terrible hooks, terrible fanbase, terrible sound, terrible background, terrible artwork, terrible lyrics, terrible samples, terrible name, terrible co-signs, terrible proteg, terrible label, terrible score, terrible rapper-try harder to be a rock singer, terrible everything.",5,10,"Dec 29, 2015"
1,"Favorite Song: Handle With Care
Least Favorite Song: The Return Of Chip Douglas
Other Good Songs: Fairytale Remains, Melting
I am really disappointed with Kid Cudi right now. He had some really good songs back in the day like, Day n Night, Dat New New and Embrace The Martian. Wow, thinking about those songs makes me really sad, because it seemed like he wasnt even trying to make an album on this. He seemed really lazy, making very simple repetitive guitar riffs and putting some bizarre lyrics to it that I cant understand.
Imagine this. We all know someone that is learning guitar, theyre usually pretty young, and they think that they are cooler person now that they got learning guitar checked off the bucket list. Now one of the only songs they know how to play are the same three chords over and over and over.. Kid Cudi is that beginner making a 26 track long album. I could basically have an Other Bad Songs section above and just write The Rest Of The Songs
I wish the album was actually Hip Hop. Because it was a trashy punk rock one with a bunch of creepy songs like The Nothing. And dont get me started on all the Beevis and Butthead skits that were on there. I have no clue what it was about. I like need answers.
If he were to make another album after this, its gonna have to be as good as To Pimp A Butterfly to make up for this garbage.",2,4,"Jan  4, 2016"
7,"The album isn't as bad as many are saying, but it's not great either. The album has plenty of awful songs, however with the album having so many songs on it, it does have 10 or so 'good' songs in my opinion. Songs like 'CONFUSED!', 'Handle with care', 'Fairy Tale Remains', and 'Speedin' Bullet 2 Heaven' are some of the best. A few songs on the album remind me of his 2012 project 'WZRD' which I enjoyed. I'm a fan of Hip-Hop a long with alternative music so I wasn't to upset with his new direction he was going in. In some songs he'll finish the end with Beavis & Butt-head talking and to me it just ruins whatever the song had going for it. All in all The album is slightly disappointing. Having so many songs on the album might make the allusion of the whole album being nothing but crap. Cudi doesn't have the best voice, nor does he play the guitar the best. However what he does have is rhythm and the ability to have a good flow and make something sound good. This alum sort of reminded me of an alternative rock album you'd hear back in the early 2000's. I am surprised that the album wasn't a bit better since this isn't the first time he wetted his feet into this genre. I'm eager to see whats next for Scott Mescudi. Until then I will be listing to a chunk of the songs!",1,2,"Jan  7, 2016"
0,"Oh dear gawd, where do I begin? This sounds like it was made by a bunch of wannabe punk kids who are spending their rich parents money to mass produce this garbage that can't even be called anything but trash. Like, I tried to give this a shot, but Kid Cudi has just lost his mind on this record and managed to record his entire mental breakdown in a studio. I should have known he was gonna hit rock bottom eventually, but I was hoping it would be in a news format so that it just lasted a second, not 26 tracks of a man who has lost every shred of sanity and musical prowess he used to possess. What happened to you, Cudi?",1,2,"Mar 27, 2016"
9,"This is Kid Cudi's fifth studio album and yes it's a different direction than what we're used to, but I think that the album benefits from these changes. The first easily noticeable change is the music. Instead of using beat machines and samples, Kid Cudi paints a picture with a guitar. Yes, the riffs are rough and repetitive, but they fit the anguished moaning and singing of Kid Cudi. The next difference is that most of the album is sang. The singing that Cudi does really sends of message of pain and fear, which is what I believe Cudi wanted to show. It's easy to tell that at the moment he's at a low point and doesn't know were to go. All in all the album is not polished and slick like his previous releases, but I don't think that's what Cudi wanted. The album portrayed his ideas in a fresh way that is not usually seen in Hip-Hop. I fully support Cudi on breaking the mold of Hip-Hop and experimenting in the unknown.",1,2,"Apr  6, 2016"
7,"Definitely not as terrible as the reviews I have read, but still not great. I personally came into this album with absolutely no expectations based on past reviews, but was actually quite surprised. Kid Cudi is a concept artist when it comes to albums, so the title always has a layered meaning i.e., Kid Cudi is not actually from the moon but has his 'Man on the Moon' albums. In my opinion the title, Speedin Bullet to Heaven, was a reference to the dark thoughts of self harm. SBtH was also dedicated to anyone suffering from mental illness, so there's a good bet Cudi used his creativity to express himself during a dark time. I hope hasn't left Hip Hop behind because he gave it so much diversity, but he definitely put it aside for this album.  The overall tone of the album was dark with a raw, grungy sound, but I enjoyed the chaotic roller coaster.",7,17,"Dec 19, 2015"
9,"I think it's obvious this album isn't for everybody, I believe you have to be in a tough place to connect with it. The guitar and instruments might not be the best but Cudi got his point across with that, he was trying to make it very 'authentic'. His vocals might be the best part about this album, and the humming that only Cudi can do. It is obvious that Cudi is in a low place and needs help mentally but we've known this about him throughout his career.",2,5,"Feb 16, 2016"
10,"This album is like a joke that has gone right over the heads of everyone who has heard it, but instead of a joke it is a beautiful piece of art coming from the heart and soul of one of todays more influential artists. It has gone right over our heads. To me, this album must be appreciated by hearing it from Kid Cudi's point of view. Perhaps i am biased having been a longtime fan, but i believe it to be one of, if not his very best pieces of work. I dont think one should listen to this album expecting the Cudi of old, MOTM3, or anything truly. Im not going to pretend this isnt an album that is going to be selectively enjoyed and understandably so, but i will certainly at least insert my piece in regards to how i believe this album and this man to be regarded as something much, much more massive than what we are leading on to be. This isn't a sad and immature rapper who thinks he can play a few instruments, this is an artist of otherworldly proportions, just as Speedin' Bullet To Heaven is. This album makes me think of Jimi Hendrix, The Beatles, The Doors, the British invasion, punk rock, 90's indie and alternative, The Killers, and Nirvana all in one, created by the the Man on the Moon himself.
Rock on man",1,3,"Feb 16, 2016"
10,"I don't know why everyone is hating on this album. It was great it was different and I think that's what he wanted. This album deserves a lot more credit than everyone gives it.",3,10,"Feb 23, 2016"
8,"Very raw, emotion-filled rock that definitely doesn't appeal to the mass. Filled with plenty of garbage songs like seance chaos, WAIT!, return of chip douglas, red sabbath, Amen and angered kids and a few more but the album's 26 track length doesn't lack several gems...sometimes ruined by awkward lyrics or moans.
Top tracks... Fuchsia Butterflies, Title track, MELTING, Man in the night, Adventures",2,11,"Dec 22, 2015"
1,"I completely understand that Kid Cudi was trying to express himself differently and experiment with a different style of music that's completely out of his field, but it's safe to say that grunge just doesn't work with him. Cudi needs to scrap this idea and go straight back to the drawing board.",0,1,"Aug 15, 2016"
7,"I''m not gonna lie, Speein' Bullet 2 Heaven can be an album that's really hard to defend sometimes, I can't sit here and say that some of the criticism isn't justified. Tbh, this album reminds me a lot of a Zach Synder movie, it the style of it is **** amazing, but the substance isn't really that good. All that being said, while I don''t think it's a very 'good'' album, it's a highly enjoyable that I would recommend, at least, looking into.",0,12,"Apr  8, 2016"
1,"The song 'Judgemental C**t' is great, it has this nice driving bass line and those heavy guitars. Kid Cudi, while not being the best at singing, he makes up for it with emotion and rhythm and also kind of with his lyrics. Besides that, i enjoyed nothing on that album, it was really godamn horrendous.",0,0,"Apr 29, 2016"
2,"Kid Cudi completely drops the ball with this new release.
One can definitely respect this guy as an artist. Man on The Moon is a pure classic, even if his later releases weren't exactly up to scratch. What Kid Cudi lacks in production, he makes up for with solid lyrical content - this album has neither.
Knowing this was a rock album, I was curious to find out how these new elements would compliment his vocal talent. It's always fascinating when an artist experiments, but unfortunately the content offered on this album is unlistenable, plain and simple.
The album offers over 18 tracks and over the course of the LP Kid Cudi is either annoying you or boring you to tears. Some of the worst production imaginable plagues the entire record and the vocals just aren't up to par when compared to his previous efforts.
However, there are a few moments where it sounds like the album is trying to redeem itself, but these moments are just too vague and don't happen often enough to make up for everything else presented here. Songs like 'Man In The Night' and 'Judgemental C**t' have some great sounding guitar riffs, but it's just not enough.
There's nothing more to say here, other than the fact that this album just isn't great - both in terms of lyrical content and production. Kid Cudi is a fantastic artist and there's no denying that he has the ability to produce another solid body of work.
This album, however, should be avoided at all costs.
- Alex Heyns. Cape Town, South Africa.",0,0,"Mar 28, 2016"
10,"This album is best appreciated while tripping, if u don't trip then thats on you don't open your mind whatever. I love this album and think its the best thing to be released in a while, I also think people will be talking about this for a long time, but if anything though people just don't give this artwork enough credit, at least applaud this guy for doing something so different and bold compared to the replication that continues in hip hop.",0,0,"Aug 25, 2016"
6,"Lizzo may not be the next great rapper, and it's often about 'me' and womankind here, but she knows how to be a strong enough lady without leaning on stereotypes, and a few moments have quite good messages.",0,0,"Mar  1, 2016"
8,"One thing people cant take away from Rick Ross is his ability to know a dope beat when he hears one.  I found this album to be pretty strong: a) dope beats - check, B) better than average raps/lyrics - check, c) strong features (Nas, Mariah, MJB, etc)  - Check.  Most of the tracks are strong (free enterprise, one of us, color money, crocodile python) but there are a few clunkers (dope dick - really?).  If you ever liked Rick Ross, or had to urge to say UGH, you cant go wrong with this album, which I found better than his previous couple.",2,2,"Dec  9, 2015"
6,"Too much Of R.R leads to a watered down Mixtape. Stretching himself too thin? No inspiration in that it all sounds the same? I did like the Premo produced track and the one with Nas. But (although he enlists quality helps from Legend, Blige, etc, the songs arn't something for me at all. MMMMMMaybach Music. No, MMMMMayonaise music.",1,2,"Dec  9, 2015"
0,"Terrible album with ok beats and very very bad lyrics. I have no idea who this album is made for ! Skip this and save your hard earned money..............",0,0,"Mar 27, 2016"
6,"Rick Ross may get attention for all of the wrong reasons here, but at least he is interesting again, unlike in his last two albums.  'Black Market,' the album he sorely needed to save himself did just that but little more.",0,0,"Mar  1, 2016"
5,"Other than the solid high-budget production, this is a very average album. G-Eazy is a very non-charismatic pop-rapper, and when coupled with the fact that he lacks unique technical rapping skills and spits some very simple, very forgettable bars, it makes for a generally underwhelming performance. Aside from Random, Sad Boy, and Everything Will Be OK, which were positive moments on the album, this project is mostly unremarkable and unmemorable.",1,1,"Jan  4, 2016"
5,"While I have not listened to G-Eazy's previous record 'These Things Happen' due to my personal bias obscuring anything that was left of an objective opinion, I decided to suck it up on this one and listen to it from front to back. It's definitely not 'the worst' Hip Hop album created, it's just one that is not engaging as it's contemporaries. It is kind of...generic.
I will praise this album for it's solid production. Almost every single song on here is meticulously crafted. But when it's paired up with a rapper as G-Eazy, they kind of lose their steam. I know that I won't get hot bars and introspective lyrics on a G-Eazy joint, but when you compare this album to other mainstream joints like 'A.L.L.A.', 'Rodeo' and many others, it just sounds lackluster here. His content is the same, which I wouldn't mind if it didn't last for 17 tracks. And his flows and rhyme schemes aren't anything special.
If this were an instrumental album, I would have definitely have some songs here in my rotation. But this is not an instrumental album, so I have to consider the rapper's input too. G-Eazy really has to step up his rap game. Make it slightly more original, throw some more fire and personality into mix or something.
When It's Dark Out is a listenable project that is sadly lacking in originality and personality, two prerequisites that are essential for any Hip Hop artist. Be it an introspective rapper, or a party performer.
Fav Tracks: Random, Of All Things
Least Fav Tracks: Order More",1,1,"Jan  8, 2016"
3,"Aside from the good production, this album is nothing but a generic pop-rap album. There is no depth in this album. I did like a couple songs like Random, Everything will be OK, and Sad Boy but other than that, this album is garbage.
If it's trendy, G Eazy will try to emulate it
Strong 3",2,3,"Dec 22, 2015"
8,"With 'When It's Dark Out', I now view G-Eazy as a legitimate artist. Compared to his previous work, this album has far more mature subject matter and a fuller, more cohesive sound. There were a few moments where it felt like he was trying a little too hard to please all of his fans. For the most part, however, WIDO is an outstanding album; one that immediately becomes one of my favorite albums of 2015. With a little more refinement of his sound, G-Eazy could become an elite figure in the hip hop world. ~ 8.0/10
~ w/ Google Play bonus track: 7.9/10
Best track: 'Everything Will Be OK' (feat. Kehlani)
Other notable tracks: 'Random' & 'Sad Boy'",0,3,"Dec 16, 2015"
6,"I like this album. Best tracks 'Me, Myself and I', 'One of them', 'Order More', and 'You got me'. Everything is ok, but nothing special. The worst is track with Grace. 7/10",0,0,"Dec 19, 2015"
0,"trash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trashtrash trash trash",0,0,"Feb 12, 2016"
4,"G-Eazy succumbs to the sophomore curse in this sad shortsighted 'When It's Dark Out' album.  For all the glitz and glamor in the beats and guests, Young Gerald still sounds like a child for much of the duration.",0,0,"Mar  1, 2016"
9,"'When it's Dark Out' is a great album. It is quite different from his previous works. there are good songs and there are those which you even don't wanna hear, those songs can be attributed to one of the singles 'order more'.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2016"
10,"freddie gibbs is the man, he holds his own ground, he does his own **** he kills the game, he might not get as many listeners on this as pinata (for obvious reasons) but the quality is STILL there, i wouldnt rate it a 10 though probs a bit above 8. (only gave it a 10 cos freddie is a fkn boss and deserves it still)",6,7,"Nov 21, 2015"
7,"Favourite Songs: Narcos, **** Up the Count, Rearview, Careless, Forever and a Day
Least Favourite Songs: Basketball Wives, Lately, Packages
After the 'Pronto' EP came out in February I became extremely excited for this album; by October I'd pretty much given up hope on hearing it before 2016 but thankfully he finished it and here it is. Although it's not as good as I'd hoped I still like a good portion of it. His flow, in my opinion, is perfect on every single song here- that's probably the reason I could never dislike a Freddie Gibbs project- and he portrays a pretty good image of growing up in the hood with his lyrics but I've heard most of it before so it's not really the main reason I return to the album. I'm not discrediting it but as a white middle class English male I find it completely unrelatable and that applies to a lot of hip hop releases, I'm only mentioning it here because I've seen more of an emphasise put on it by critics. **** Up the Count' has a great beat based off, I think, Nine Inch Nails' 'Right Where It Belongs' ending piano notes which makes me love it even more because NINE INCH NAILS and 'With Teeth' is one of my favourite albums of the 21st century so any samples of it are gonna be appealing to me. Anyway back to the song I should be talking about **** Up the Count', it made me kind of worried when it was released as the first single because there was a bit of auto-tune at the end and I didn't know if the rest of the album would be heavily auto tuned but there was really only 2 bits on the album from what I can remember. One was the hook on 'Mexico' and that was actually a pretty good hook (future level) and the other was on 'Packages' which I didn't like so much because the guy on it just sounded like a bad future rip-off. The album is not as good in terms of production as 'Piata' because it's not done by Madlib the legendary hip hop producer but a lot of the trap beats from the first half of the album really got me pumped.
Better Than Previous Project?: No
Try This If You Like: 90059 by Jay Rock",2,3,"Nov 22, 2015"
6,"This album is mediocre at best, and coming off the back of Pinata and Pronto it's fairly disappointing. There are some great songs here but a lot of average ones as well. It seems like Gibbs lacked the creative direction Madlib gave him on Pinata and the resulting album lacks cohesiveness and consistency",0,2,"Nov 22, 2015"
10,"Great album, Gansta Gibbs at his finest. Great beats and flow with amazing lyricism and meaningful content about his life. A must listen for any true rap enthusiast.",0,1,"Nov 27, 2015"
3,"Shadow of a Doubt by Freddie Gibbs isn't nothing special to me. I'm not a big fan of this guy and this album is the same what I expected from him. 3/10",0,2,"Jan  6, 2016"
7,"It took multiple listens to wrap my head around Shadow of a Doubt. It's nowhere close to perfect, but I still enjoyed most of it. Minus a few songs, this would have been one of the best albums of the year. Factoring in the lack of cohesiveness, it's still a great project. In the future, I'd like to see more of Gibbs's softer side, like on the songs 'Basketball Wives' and 'Insecurities'. ~ 7.3/10
(5/5): 'Basketball Wives' & 'Insecurities'
(4/5): 'Careless', 'Extradite', 'McDuck', 'Mexico', '10 Times', 'Lately', 'Forever And A Day' & 'Freddie Gordy'",0,0,"Feb 23, 2016"
8,"This LP shows everyone that 'Piata' was not a fluke. Freddie comes through with bangers and some stories to tell. Also, this new singing he is experimenting with on the hooks works very well.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2015"
8,"Another solid effort by Mr. Gibbs after Pinata that comes in with a ton of energy with tracks like 'Extradite' ft. Black Thought and **** up the Count', but sadly loses a bit of steam towards the end with some mediocre songs like 'Basketball Wives'.
An overall darker and harder hitting project that comes a bit short of being amazing, but with a competent rapper as Gibbs and fantastic production that fits the dark mood of the album, you cannot go wrong on this one.
Fav Tracks: Extradite, 10 Times, **** up the Count, Mexico
Least Fav Track: Basketball Wives",0,0,"Dec 30, 2015"
6,"Again, another lyrical Gibbs albums that is very gangster.  For his second non-collaborative studio album, there isn't a lot that separates him from the remainder of the rap-pack, and it's pretty obvious how Gibbs has tried to make this sound like a T.D.E. derivative.  And besides the streets, there isn't a whole lot else to look forward to topic-wise.  Upward social mobility and Gibbs' commitment to raising his daughter are the only other gems.",0,0,"Mar  2, 2016"
7,"Freddie Gibbs gives us a dark record with Shadow of a Doubt, illustrating the rough pursuit of glory in the streets. As usual, Gibbs delivers with hard-hitting and fast paced lyrics. Rapping about drugs and bloodshed, he makes it clear that his ambition is unbreakable. His lyricism doesn't disappoint, but my main issue with the album is the production. Shadow of a Doubt has many producers, which takes away from the cohesiveness of the project. It's less cohesive and organized than Pinata, but the varying production doesn't take too much away from this record since the production is still mostly great. Overall I enjoyed this album. Gangsta Gibbs has always been consistent",0,0,"Jun  3, 2016"
8,"Mythical album, finally comes to release. T.5DOA has been in rumor and a topic of quite a few jada hints. And, for the most part, it doesn't disappoint. Love the grimey, NYC feel of the album-staying true to his style (remincient of the the L.O.X). Although having Puffy and Nature on it fully degrade the quality, Jeezy and Nas supplement them nicely on other tracks. I also liked Sheek and Swizz Beats making appearances too. Jada does reach with trying to incorporate Ne-yo and Akon but fail.",0,0,"Dec  9, 2015"
7,"I only liked 5 songs on the whole album, but those 5 songs is what makin it from not havin a bad score. Synergy, First 48 which had the best beat imo, Rain, Jason, and Aint nothin new. All these songs went insane but the other songs sounded like some mixtape radio friendly trash. Worst song was easily the Future song. I wouldnt say this is his best album but it aint his worst either. Hope this review was good peace.",0,0,"Feb 21, 2016"
7,"A decent effort from the rap veteran, only held back from it's full potential by some lackluster guest appearances (Swizz Beatz almost ruined a great track, and Diddy was pretty much nonexistent) and a second half that couldn't quite compare to the first one, but still had some standout tracks, like 'Critical' ft. Jeezy and 'Cutlass'
Top 5 Dead or Alive can be shortly summarized as a grimey album, with grimey production by a grimey rapper that has one of the best rap voices ever.
If you like that, you are going to enjoy it.
Fav Tracks: Jason (Even with the bad Swizz verse), Kill, Synergy, Critical
Least Fav Tracks: So High",0,0,"Dec 30, 2015"
6,"Jadakiss definitely does some good work here, but there are signs of age and wear for the LOX member.  He hasn't turned out any very fresh material or taken any major risks, and the wisdom is an afterthought more so than a centerpiece.  The industry help is surely still there though.  Just take one look at the guest/producer list and consider the label the album comes off of.  It seems Jadakiss is slowly running out of things to say (or he just plumb hasn't decided to rap about other subjects), and here at least, he certainly hasn't any new ways or methods to spit his grit.",0,0,"Mar  2, 2016"
0,"Wow what an album.... Definite contender for worst AOTY. Just stop Cee Lo, slow your rolls and and go feast on a buffet. That's all you're sincerely good for now. You irrelevant piece of garbage I hope you fall and can't get up for making such a disgrace to music. Obese fatty little fat fat fat contributing factor to America's health issues. Eat a salad. Maybe it'll clear your head (and arteries) to create better music cause your grooves are filled with more junk than your diet!",4,8,"Dec 13, 2015"
9,"Ceelo did not create this album to appease the critics, naysayers or otherwise. The essence of this album is internal .... despite the publicity setbacks with his legal issues, he created ART.  True CeeLo fans will love this album.",3,8,"Nov 13, 2015"
0,"This album is fuking    awful.",0,2,"Dec 15, 2015"
0,"The standard dips largely within the beginning stages, the grooves throughout getting even worse, and Green himself has never sounded this bad before.",0,2,"Dec 13, 2015"
10,"Possibly the best Cee Lo album of all time guy nailed it excitement positivity story and more I like the detailed emotion here that Cee Lo delivers and if he does more like this that would be awesome you go Cee Lo!",0,0,"Mar 21, 2016"
8,"This is an incredible album, I went into this project without any expectations, I've never been a fan and this album made me an fan, the production is often incredibly soulful and even the turn up, trap influenced tracks are well produced and the features fit the songs. I wish Kanye would have delivered a verse but other than that every track delivered, this is definitely the best effort Ty Dolla $ign has put out yet. I recommend checking this out, it might just surprise you.",3,3,"Nov 15, 2015"
8,"Free TC demonstrates Ty Dolla $ign's unique skills as an R&B singer/west-coast rapper. I wasn't quite sure whether he'd be able to construct a consistently good project, but Free TC is exactly that and more. It's a great debut album, especially so for an artist that has a very unique vocal style. Ty Dolla's future looks bright. ~ 8.0/10
Best track: 'Sitting Pretty' (feat. Wiz Khalifa)
Other notable tracks: 'Horses In The Stable', 'Know Ya', 'Blas', 'Only Right' & 'Bring It Out Of Me'",2,2,"Nov 19, 2015"
6,"Free TC is a good enough album for Ty but he could have done better. When tracks like Drop that kitty and Stand For were not in the album I was concerned because most of the tracks in the album were not as great as those, but this album has its moments. The album starts off with LA which was a good Sentimental track the album continues with tracks Saved to Know ya(feat Trey Songz ) which loses momentum off the first quarter of the album.The album continues with mediocre tracks Credit,Miracle/Whenever,When I see ya and Bad production and wasted Kanye West feature On Guard Down. Just as when Ty had lost it the Album picks up with the good tracks Blase, Only right, Bring it out of me and Actress and I was thinking, MAN the album would have been great if Ty made the album's tempo more like the last tracks.The Album finishes off with the okay but lazy track Finale.The best tracks are LA,Solid (clealy the best track in the album),Only right, Saved and Actress. The best features are Wiz Khalifa, Rae Sremmurd, E-40, Kendrick Lamar and everyone on Only right. The worst tracks are Guard down and Miracle/Whenever, Disapointing features are Kanye West, Fetty wap and brandy. Ty sometimes tried too hard to make this album about something, instead of just having fun but the first quarter and last quarter of the album is worth listening to . Whether your a fan or not of Ty Dolla $ign, Free TC is not bad for a debut album.Ovarally Free TC is okay but Ty could have done more.",1,1,"Nov 16, 2015"
5,"Well I'll give the album some credit, in that Free TC is probably the most effort out of Ty that I've ever seen from him, and yet the album has a whole is a mess, but an interesting one. Free TC is trying really hard to have a concept all throughout the 16 songs, but the album has a whole doesn't know what it wants to be: is it suppose to be a story about Ty and his younger brother TC before his arrest, or is it just another collection of Ty dealing with women troubles, past relationships, and stealing your girlfriend? Honestly, I'll never know, but the album for me is just decent at best.
So the best place to start for me is Ty Dolla $ign himself, and look his style of sing-rap is either take it or leave it, as he often sounds half asleep on most of his verses and sometimes doesn't even know what the hell he's even talking about, which I can understand, it is his style of singing. But on this album, Ty does at least put some more effort into his delivery, and the parts where the autotune is stripped back like on 'Solid' or 'Horses in the Stable' he actually sounds not bad in a chilled out kind of way. But the vocal effects are still largely here, and can be a little distracting to me, like on the hidden track 'Wherever' where Ty actually goes into a high falsetto, and yet effects are thrown onto his voice making it sound even more like he's trying way too hard to pull off prince level vocals, sorry dude but you're nowhere near the level of Usher.
Which now takes us to the instrumentals, now Ty actually went out of his way to get strings and orchestra to play all throughout this album, and has a whole it's a mixed bag. As they can play pretty well on certain tracks like 'Know Ya' which has one of the better beats by DJ Spinz and Metro Boomin' of all people and on the track 'Miracle' creating something that would've come off of Justin Timberlake's 20/20 albums back in 2013. But they can also be either overlong or poorly mixed, take for example the opening 'LA' which has the strings infused with horns and a G-funk instrumental, but added along with the vocal effects, it ends up being an overcooked mess. Or on 'Credit' where it goes on for over 6 minutes, the song could have at least been cut at least a minute. That being said, there are other instrumental moments that I do like, the bright pop friendly 'Saved' produced by DJ Mustard, the acoustic guitars played throughout 'Solid' and 'Horses in the Stable' and the tropical house flavored 'Bring it Out of Me' is undeniably catchy and easily the best song on the album.
But now we come to lyrics, which have been a problem for Ty ever since I listened to Beach House last year, in that Ty sings about topics that have been done to death in Hip-Hop and R&B, but what's worse is that he ends up making the lyrics sound pretty stupid. Take for example on 'Wherever' Ty sings about driving up to his girls parents house in a jeep, and then sings about f**king her in their driveway, making me forget about how 'Miracle' is discussing black culture today. Then there's 'Horses in the Stable' where Ty sings about previous women he's 'gone out with', and that he wanted nothing more than to have sex with them, classy. And we come to the R.Kelly duet 'Actress' which is exactly what you think it is, where the two men compare hot women to famous actresses, and they do it in the goofiest way possible, which I would've liked if the instrumental wasn't so drowned in reverb. And while I can appreciate 'Saved' for Ty not saving a girl who has screwed him over in the past or 'Credit' for Ty talking about working things out with a girl he's currently with, the rest of the album is filled with his typical 'party' music topics: smoking weed, having luxury goods, and using girls just for sex, like I haven't heard that before. But what's worse is that instead of sounding fun and energetic, it's trying way too hard to sound dark, apparently it's meant to make you look cool instead of have fun, lovely. The worst example of this is 'Blase' which somehow has slowly become a hit here in the US, even though it doesn't sound remotely like anyone is having any fun.
And finally, we have our guest stars, where they aren't given much to do. Kendrick Lamar gives a pretty good verse on 'LA' talking about house parties and living in the hood, Trey Songz also has a decent if not memorable verse on 'Know Ya' which I liked, and TC sounds great on 'Miracle' props to him for that. But otherwise, Brandy is only used for backing vocals on 'LA' and Sevyn Streeter continues to underwhelm me on 'Credit' plus Kanye Wests verse is only him singing, and Diddy only says some lines on their song 'Guard Down' plus Future and Rae Sremmurd continue to annoy me as usual on Blase.
So look in the end, the album has some interesting ideas and a few good songs, but not enough for me to enjoy this. For some listeners and critics I can understand why you'll end up loving this album, I'm just not in the same wheelhouse as you.",1,2,"Nov 13, 2015"
3,"First, these songs aren't rap. Unless you call artists like Fetty Wrap or Future 'rap.' I couldn't listen to any of the songs in full. Although I did like Babyface on it. There is some variety on it, but its just not for me I guess.",0,4,"Nov 17, 2015"
2,"As a neo-r&b album, 'Free TC,' Ty's debut, is very solid, an adjective he has actually turned into a song for the project; however, as a rap or even hip-hop album, it leaves something else entirely to be desired.  Go figure why it's even listed under the rap category on iTunes and on this very website.",0,2,"Mar  2, 2016"
8,"Dollar $'s Free TC's is a refreshing refined album. Close to his heart, true to himself, it has a great used of features, to keep the album interesting. Musically it is very well done.",0,0,"Nov 21, 2015"
7,"Why do people on here keep saying Ty is a rapper? Ty is not a rapper, he even says so himself. I think people don't understand what a rapper is. hint: they need to actually RAP. Ty has never once rapped. Ever.
Anyway, the album is alright, some dope songs, but its not what I was expecting after listening to Sign language and Airplane mode. Was hoping more of that deep newschool production. But yeah, solid 7.",0,0,"Nov 21, 2015"
5,"There are songs i love and songs i hate, this album is not cohesive at all but i expected less so some songs surprised me. Solid and Horses in the stable are the highlights.",0,0,"Jan 12, 2016"
9,"Men! Ty Dolla $ign fooled me on the majority of this album. In fact, if the album only contained the first 8 songs and Blase, it could have easily been the best RnB album I have heard this year, but his attempt for mass appeal with the other tracks ruined this otherwise excellent album. You gained a new fan, TY $.",0,0,"Jul 29, 2016"
8,"everyone should actually listen to this dude he's got some interesting stuff, production is quality as well it's got fkn lunice and evian christ on one track!!!!! but take nothing away from le1f he kills it",0,0,"Dec  2, 2015"
7,"Le1f is quite the eccentric artist, hence the eccentric album 'Riot Boi'.
While I wasn't going head over heels for this project, it is full of lush ideas and production. What's even better is that Le1f himself, as both a performer and a rapper improved significantly. Better flows, better articulation, better everything.
This album starts off hard with tracks like 'Rage' and 'Swirl' ft. Junglepu**y & House of LaDosha. Banging production with Le1f being the absolute center of attention here.
Another album highlight is the track 'Umami/Water'. Again, another thrilling song with great production and Le1f stepping his game up.
This album is not without it's flaws though as I really couldn't get into the last couple of tracks 'Taxi' and 'Tell'. Songs that I appreciate for the experimentation, but like any experiment they can fail.
Riot Boi is a album that goes pretty much everywhere. Not every single song here grabbed my attention, some even annoyed me. But when Le1f hits the right spot, which he does often on this record, it's pure. frickin. gold.
Fav Tracks: Rage, Umami/Water, Swirl, Koi
Least Fav Tracks: Taxi",0,0,"Dec 30, 2015"
6,"There is something special about Le1f in 'Riot Boi' that shouldn't be overlooked.  There are more than enough moments of fun, but the greatest personality trait is Le1f's creative spark.",0,0,"Mar  2, 2016"
8,"The Incredible true story just shows how good Logic is and how better he is every time. The one notice thing off this album is how focused Logic is and how different this album is from other rap albums. The Incredible  True Story is very good, but also shows that Logic still has a lot of work to do to get to the top.The album starts off with a skit contact, which is interesting because Logic's skit's are very different from other artists infact the whole blend of Tracks and skits because the Album felt like a lucid story about time travel with built in references about life which works beautifully. Then album then goes on with great tracks like fade away, Upgrade and Like Woah(Best song of the album). Then there were tracks like Young Jesus(feat Big Lenbo), Innermission(feat Lucy Rose) and I Am the greatest which were good tracks but didn't have the same high tempo as the first few songs. The Album gets exciting again with the Awesome song Lord will'in the  suffers a dip in tempo again with tracks like City of Stars(too long), Stainless(feat Dria), Paradise( feat Jesse Boykins III) and Never Been which were again gooods tracks, but weren't as great as some songs in this album. The Album then finishes off with great tracks like Run it and the Sentimental skit/song The Incredible true story(great message by tbe way). The best songs were Fade away, Like Woah, Lord will'in and Incredible True Story. There are no bad or disappointing tracks cause ITS LOGIC, just that city of stars was a bit long and Innermission wasn't as good as the other tracks but an okay song. Features were good but some were rather unnoticeable Incredible True Story is good whether your a fan or not of logic I recommend it. Great Lyrics from logic as always, Good production, fun story (Babel was my favourite skit) and shows Logic's impressive growth. Despite the album's tempo falling at times and this Album not better than Under Pressure, Incredible true story was one hell of a ride.",1,1,"Nov 22, 2015"
9,"This album is amazing. The production is really the standout element of this record which is very space-like and airy. It has a lot of ambiance throughout and it really keeps you on your toes when listening because the beat will switch into another beat right in the middle of a song. The skits and the underlying story is really good because it doesn't limit what Logic could do musically and thematically in terms of the album. The songs on the album can go in their own separate directions while the skits go in another. Logic's flow and rapping is really outstanding as usual. On certain songs like Upgrade, he shows that he has extreme skill as a rapper and shows his potential. Although there are some complaints. Some of his flows and rapping style is extremely similar to Kendrick Lamar's and one of the songs called 'I Am The Greatest' literally sounds like a track yanked out of Drake's discography. But all in all, it's an extremely well made record and a record that has instant replayability. The skits and songs are split in a way that the skits don't blend into the songs (except for one) so you can listen to all the songs and disregard the skits if you want to. I can't wait for what Logic has to show us in his future albums and this should definitely be on your list for best rap albums of this year. It may not win any Grammys but the album is a fun ride throughout your listen and should also be on your playlist for a long time.",1,1,"Nov 20, 2015"
3,"Even though there are some gems on here, Logic is STILL a biter and is profiting off of work that he didn't do. His formula is basically 'Hmm... should I sound like Drake, J. Cole, or Kendrick on this track?' and then he talks **** about people who call him a biter. Dude, if THAT many people are calling you a biter, you're a biter. Majority decides on that, quit being so full of yourself and start making more original music.
It's unfortunate because songs like 'City Of Stars' and 'Young Jesus' are legitimately good songs that capture my attention. Sure, they sound like songs that other artists have done ('City Of Stars' sounds like a Kanye joint, 'Young Jesus' sounds like Wu-Tang) but Logic is putting his own spin on it. That's what he should be doing on every song!
That about sums it up.",2,3,"Dec  6, 2015"
8,"For many artists this would be a great album, but I'm left feeling incredibly disappointed. Logic has the talent to be a legend, but once again he fails to use it effectively. First off, for an album branded as an ambitious concept album, the concept is very loosely strung together by a few skits with very little if any storyline in the actual songs. Like he did in Under Pressure, Logic spends the majority of the album saying absolutely nothing of substance while figuratively screaming, 'Look at me, I can rap fast!' I loved Logic's mixtapes and, like other hip hop fans and critics, recognize his extraordinary talent. But we're two albums in, and he hasn't done anything impressive in the slightest. It truly saddens me to say it, but I'm starting to think he's never going to fully deliver on his promise. ~ 7.5/10
Best track: 'City Of Stars': if only the whole album was this ambitious...also, his verse in the last two minutes of the song is phenomenal
Other notable tracks: 'Young Jesus', 'I Am The Greatest' & 'Stainless'",0,0,"Nov 29, 2015"
6,"While this album is a positive effort overall, there are a few shortcomings as well as one very glaring problem that this project has that prevents it from being better than just 'good': this album, and Logic himself, lack a distinct style that makes it/him unique. Right from the get-go on the track 'Contact' Logic borrows the distinguished production from Kanye West's song 'Amazing'; on the song 'Like Woah', which is one of the highlights on the album, Logic employs a flow that resembles that of fellow emcee Kendrick Lamar; the song 'I Am The Greatest' gives off 'Worst Behavior' vibes; 'City of Stars' sounds similar to Kanye West's 'Flashing Lights', as well as many other examples throughout the album. It is very obvious to see who Logic's influences are, but on this album Logic fails to establish his own style to be emulated. On top of that, while the concept of the album is unique, some of the skits and scenes contain very weak dialogue, and in the scene in which Kai asks the AI to impersonate Big Sean, it came across as insanely unrealistic and incredible corny. Logic is an extremely talented rapper but does not necessarily live up to his capabilities on this project.",0,0,"Jan  4, 2016"
9,"T.I.T.S.A.T.O.T.M.W.S.T.W is an amazing Audio Cinematic Experience that mainly occurs in sonic form. It is impressive sci-fi concept album about 2 space travelers in the year 2115, Quentin Thomas and William Kai, who are on a journey in a space station called babel to find a new planet to inhabit ('Paradise') as we as humans have destroyed Earth. The last human footprint was left on Earth in the year 2065 as all the resources were used up and famine struck and Earth's population went from the billions to the millions. The remaining population is about 5 million, all of whom live on Babel.  Now, they believe they have found a planet that the humans can inhabit to rebuild the human race.
And I know what you're thinking, all the albums songs are going to be so futuristic and weird sounding and all about space and aliens and all that good stuff. However, Logic being the creative genius he is constructed a way for people who do not enjoy sci-fi stuff to still love the music. The reason being is even though the album takes place in 2115 the music on the album is actually 'oldies' that Thomas and Kai have been listening to on their journey to Paradise. You see what he did there? So the central theme of the album takes place in 2115 but the music is from 2015, so it is album inside an album. Feel the inception yet? So the music is just todays hip-hop/Rap with skits(scenes) thrown into the album throughout that provide the story happening in 2015, i personally enjoy the skits by the way they are definitely worth your time.
Overall this album is just Logic being Logic making great music that has a story. I will for sure have this album on repeat for a long time",0,0,"Nov 25, 2015"
8,"Logic does mental strength training in 'The Incredible True Story.'  Everyone knew his second LP would be good but maybe not this good.  Well done, Logic.",0,0,"Mar  1, 2016"
10,"I found this album absolutely beautiful, the versatility Logic shows on this album is quite amazing.
Fav Tracks: Fade Away, Like Woah, Stainless, I am the Greatest",0,0,"Jun  2, 2016"
7,"After so many albums, I can only listen to Jeezy in small doses as his voice (although unique) is nauseating. Listen to his whole album at one time...I can't. I won't. None the less, the title track is a banger. He keeps up with the times by mimicking what others are doing-in terms of content and beats/production. Which is a bit disappointing. Outside the title track I cant remember another song at the moment and perhaps that says more than I have already written.",0,0,"Dec  9, 2015"
6,"Like 'Top 5 Dead or Alive' by Jadakiss, this is another somewhat noteworthy Def Jam album from a soon-to-be veteran colleague in the game.  'Church in These Streets' will remind you why you were even remotely interested in Jeezy to begin with, but it won't necessarily win any new converts.",0,0,"Mar  2, 2016"
4,"An album that purports to be so much but really isn't on a whole.  GoldLink knows where he has to go, but he's scared to go first.  Maybe next time he can take the plunge.",1,2,"Mar  2, 2016"
5,"With a few sparks of genius shining through the cracks within its overbearing mediocrity, GoldLink's debut commercial project strikes a few notes on-key and simply disappoints on the rest. I have been excited to see this guy drop a project since I found him on Soundcloud thanks to tracks like 'Wassup', and though his unique voice and style are still very much present on 'And After That, We Didn't Talk', they are somewhat muted, somewhat thrown into disarray and 100% unfocused. I expect his next project to blow this out of the water, because he has clearly demonstrated here that he has the makings of a great artist, he just hasn't figured out how to put all the great parts in the right places yet.",0,0,"Apr 23, 2016"
6,"This is more like an album, this guy knows how to make a great body of work whether he actuallu possesses the dopest rapping abilty is another thing, but after No Way Out we all knew he wasnt going anywhere and this mixtape proves rightly so.",0,0,"Jan 22, 2016"
6,"The 'Money Making Mitch' mixtape is an accomplishment simply because of its strong enough rap offerings, but it's exactly what you'd expect from Diddy, in an age where his messages are not extremely influential or important.",0,0,"Mar  2, 2016"
8,"I do not understand half of the lyrics but who the **** cares the tape goes hard , this is top notch material people, do not sleep/hate on thugger he is a beast",1,1,"Jan 14, 2016"
10,"Flames is an understatement,, Thugger executed it so swiftly in this project................ just wow, what a beautiful work of art. Now excuse me while I go and bump this album in my car",0,0,"Feb 12, 2016"
10,"I personally think Young Thug should have made this a commercial project, because this material was outstanding! Production was A-1, lyrics were catchy like usual, Lil Uzi with that intro! and this was full of catchy bangers. Was very pleased to give this a try. Cant wait for SS3!",0,0,"Feb 14, 2016"
8,"Roots Manuva, one of the UK most consistent artists drops another full length album, 'Bleeds'.
'Bleeds' takes us through a more darker and melodic and soulful side of Manuva's music, with tracks like 'Hard Bastards', 'Crying' and 'Don't Breathe Out' featuring a lot more singing than on past Manuva records, even more singing from the man himself.
But that doesn't mean that that Manuva stepped down his rap game. 'Facety 2:11' and 'One Thing' prove that Manuva can still keep up with the game and that the man can flow over any track he spits on.
The only issue I had with 'Bleeds' is that it gave me the impression that Manuva was dwelling in his comfort zone for a bit too much, as some of the production sound a bit too samey.
'Bleeds' is a darker and more intimate album from Roots Manuva that definitely does not fail to impress, but it didn't quite amaze me.
Fav Tracks: Facety 2:11, One Thing, Don't Breathe Out, Hard Bastards
Least Fav Track: ----",1,1,"Dec 30, 2015"
7,"Favourite Songs: Don't Breathe Out, One Thing, Cargo, Facety 2:11
Least Favourite Songs: I Know Your Face
Based off Roots Manuva's reputation and the 3 singles that came out prior to the albums release I thought this might be one of the best albums of the year. Unfortunately, for me it didn't quite get there but it's still a very solid project. He still puts a lot of effort into his lyrics as always, with a good mix of socially conscious lyrics and nice wordplay, but some of the production is a bit plain. It's pretty experimental on 'Crying' with an actual cry interpreted into the beat which makes it kind of interesting but it doesn't actually sound that good. I think the main reason production isn't outstanding on the album is because he brought in outside producers for I think every song when he can produce better beats himself (as he's done before.) But again really solid project, 'Don't Breathe Out' is definitely the highlight of the project with a beautiful soulful chorus and sample. It calms the mood a bit after the directness of songs like 'Hard Bastards' and 'Crying'. I may not have been wowed by 'Bleeds' but I'm definitely impressed by what's on display here and Roots has proved he's far from lacking ideas.
Better Than Previous Project?: Yes
Try This If You Like: ill Manors by Plan B",0,0,"Nov  5, 2015"
10,"'Bleeds' by Roots Manuva is a really good album! I've never heard rap from UK and it was my fault! It's diffrent, strange, but amazing!! My favourite tracks: 'Cargo', 'Stepping Hard'",0,0,"Jan  6, 2016"
10,"The album is excellent! It exceeded all my expectations. Everyone worked perfectly, Madlib is f'ckin genius. How he does it?
The album is in my Top-5 of the year now.",0,1,"Nov  3, 2015"
8,"The production by Madlib always comes through, as it does on this LP. The combo of MED & Blu works in a lot of ways but falls short in some. Overall, a very fun and interesting listen.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2015"
7,"A fine project from by MED, Blu and Madlib with interesting beat choices and a nice list of guest artists.
A fine album to vibe out to on a weekend or when your are out in a bout, that sadly suffers from some weird mixing issues that can swallow the sounds/vocals up.
Fav Tracks: Get Money, Peroxide
Least Fav Track: The Stroll",0,0,"Dec 31, 2015"
10,"MED, Blu and Madlib are a debonair version of the Lootpack in 'Bad Neighbor.'  This is without a doubt a West Coast classic by three rap professionals.",0,0,"Mar  1, 2016"
2,"DJ Khaled is desperate for revenue and reconciliation in 'I Changed A Lot.'  It's about as shallow as an inflatable kiddie swimming pool and as ordinary as costumes at comic con.",0,0,"Mar  1, 2016"
10,"dj khaled drops another one mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaasssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssterppppppppppppppiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeccccccccccccceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee",0,0,"Aug  1, 2016"
10,"If you are at all interested in the art form of the Broadway musical, this album is required listening. It is at once a love letter to the history of Broadway and many pop styles, and a completely new synthesis. Plus, it's educational!",4,4,"Nov 10, 2015"
10,"This is my absolute favorite recording of 2016. It's an amazing mix of hip hop, Broadway, history and verbal jousting that would make Eminem envious. Even after dozens of runs through the soundtrack, I still hear themes that make me go 'WOW.' I can't recommend this any higher. Lin Manuel Miranda and Questlove are certified geniuses.",3,3,"Jan  3, 2016"
9,"Mark my word, carve it in stone with a chisel, this will be one of the best musical of the year. No one, I literally mean no one would though to implement hip hop music into a musical about the American revolution in the 1700's. It sounded crazy at first to anyone, but when you really start to think, you see that hip hop music is the best match for the play, they're both about revolution and a vision for a world without discrimination. Furthermore, it's not only Hip-hop that is in the presence of this album, such genres like R&B, Jazz, Pop can be heard.
It is transparent to anyone that the mastermind of the album and the production, Lin-Manuel Miranda, never has his mind set on either the contemporary or the past music. Instead of being bias, he blended both in magnitude and with elegance, one fine example lies in the song 'Alexander Hamilton' rap songs that incorporate string quartet which add drama to a great degree that any listener can appreciate.
I am certain that there are more to be said to the album, but you need to really listen to the album or watch the musical to see what I mean. This album deserves a 9 out of 10. I would recommend this to any hip-hop listener.",3,3,"Dec  3, 2015"
9,"+ 'This will change your life'
+ Even tho it's a musical soundtrack, you are still able to pick up some songs and give them a listen ('My Shot', 'Wait For It', 'The Room Where It Happens' and many more)
+ Storytelling: it could be on any album (this is why 'album' and 'collection of songs' aren't equal)
- Really looong (it's worth it, tho)
- Probably too hardcore for music fans (their waste...)",1,1,"Jan 23, 2016"
1,"horrvel, a mesma coisa de sempre, sem talento, pssimas composies, sem graa, flop total como isso ta no topo h ningum veio negativar ou perder tempo aqui. affz",0,10,"Dec  4, 2015"
10,"This album is amazing! There's no other word. Pop, rap, blues and hip-hop this album involve a lot music genres and is so good, goes right on my best albums of all time collection. If you don't know what song listen first, here is some suggestions: Alexander Hamilton, My shot, You'll be back and Satisfied. But all musics are good!",0,0,"Jan 24, 2016"
10,"Just Brilliat    10",0,0,"Apr 23, 2016"
10,"Hamilton is a game changing musical in the Broadway world. Hamilton uses many different genres of music altogether and has such an amazing flow throughout the entire album. This musical is extremely educational, fun, and interesting. I recommend that everyone listens to this musical at least once. This musical features many different ethnicities and races. Also, Hamilton is very different from many other musicals because it only features music. The dialogue is present throughout the rap that is used. Lin Manuel Miranda perfectly uses different music genres throughout his musical; he effectively uses rap, hip hop, jazz, pop, classical. Miranda combines and incorporates all of these genres together to make one of the most original and game changing musicals ever. Hamilton is going to be here for a long time. I think that Hamilton will change the future for the drama world. Hamilton is a true masterpiece. I recommend this musical to everyone. There is something for everyone to get out of Hamilton.",0,0,"May 10, 2016"
10,"I love Hamilton so much. The music is my bae and the story and music is just SO GOOD! I love all the songs and the characters as well.You HAVE to listen.",0,0,"Aug 10, 2016"
10,"Lin Manuel Miranda's 'Hamilton' is truly God's gift to Musical Theatre. I would highly recommend this album to anyone who is a lover of rap, history, or musical theatre, or just things that are awesome. There is a reason that Hamilton is the hottest ticket on the planet right now.",0,0,"Jun  7, 2016"
9,"Not a single bad song on this album. Overall just a way more solid, focused album than the Documentary 2. The lyrics on the front side and the bangers on the back side keep me pressing repeat.",3,3,"Oct 26, 2015"
9,"The Game brings a certain level of intensity and focus that wasn't present on the first side to this double-disc album; his direction is clear, and most importantly, the songs are bangin'. This album does a great job of showing homage to old-school West Coast whether it's a background sample of MC Eiht's 'Streight Up Menace' to bringing in the legendary DJ Quik. If you're a fan of the West Coast, gangsta music, and just good music all around, look no further.",1,1,"Oct 28, 2015"
10,"I have never been a fan of game. Until I listened to this album. I checked this album just out of mere curiosity, The first song Magnus Carlsen, with Anderson .Paak on the intro and hook. As soon I heard this song I soon realized, that I have stumbled on a suprise. And also as a side note  tracks 3,4,5 all intertwine with one another.  The feratures as I have already mentioned with Anderson Paak are all amazing, with the OG nas, and suprisingly Will I am (Whose feature was the most suprising on this album, with him producing, and 'singing' the hook on The Ghetto  on The ghetto, ScHoolBoy Q, and Jay rock (Jay was the best feature better than Nas) on Gang bang anyway, (Which has an instrumental that fits with these MC's, and feels very dynamic. one of the best produced tracks). Games lyrics are about the negatives that come with gangbanging, such as Jay rock mentioning in Gangbang anyway 'Prosthetic legs, and wheelchairs'. Although the whole album is great,  In my opinion, the album takes an odd turn with focusing more on Banger influenced tracks, than the griminess of the first half the album. In all this album is genius. I think that its better Than To pimp a Butterfly.",1,1,"Nov 18, 2015"
10,"Its an independent album sounding like a Dr.Dre solo project. Eminem Big L biggie and others might be better lyricist than game but rap come to game game naturally his beat selection and flow is so nas like and natural and goes harder than. He is like a nas as hard as dmx and namedropping is an asset imo he does it so brilliantly showing he is not afraid of everyone. Deserved a 5 mic in Doctors Advocate though classic album and this one too.",1,1,"Nov 28, 2015"
7,"Documentary 2.5 is good but not better than its predecessors. This album was more serious, more emotional and had more beats similar to the early 2000's  than Documentary 2 and some things work and some don't. The album starts off with a skit then starts with the song Magnus Carlse featuring  Anderson Paak( who was the best feature in this album) the song is okay but seems to drag on with was one of the problems in this album. The album goes on with Crenshaw / 80s and Cocaine and Gang bang anyway  which were also good then the emotional track The Ghetto with Nas and will.i.am which was one of the best tracks of the album. From adam was okay  but slightly disappointing with Lil wayne being disappointing,  The Album  goes on consistent with mostly good tracks and some bad ones with Intoxicated which was the worst song of the album because some DJ will be just talking, The Album finishes off with el chapo which was also good. The Documentary 2.5 is truely for The Game's fans as he talks about his rough neighbourhood,  being a father and being a gangster, there a a few fun tracks with Quiks Groove(BEST TRACK), Up the wall and outside. The best tracks are The Ghetto, Quiks Groove, Gang related and up the wall, while the worst tracks are Intoxicated, From Adam and Life.The best features are Nas, Will.i.am, Ty dolla $ign and everyone on Quiks Groove cause it was A SUPER FUN TRACK. Worst features lil wayne and everyone on Moment of violence.  This album is emotional, falls flat at times but has a few fun tracks.  This is a good Album not better than its predecessors but a good album with a The Game being at his best in a long while.",4,5,"Oct 23, 2015"
10,"This album is easily a classic and the whole set is the best double album in hip hop history.  There is no other album this long that is this consistently amazing and strong all throughout.",4,7,"Oct 23, 2015"
4,"I like that this is a double album and all the guests as well. Seems like almost anybody who spits is on this thing. But, the bottom line, Game is rapping on them too. Game jacks the flow of some good rappers on this. I found less than 3 good tracks. Bottom line is Game's style is lame, in my view. Although given how much he has sold of this album, I am in the minority!",0,2,"Oct 26, 2015"
5,"Production wise, Game has taken some big steps away from the usual hokey Dre wannabeats he usually goes for which play massively in his favour. Lyrically, as it has been since his first album, its mixed bag. He possesses a sharp technical ability but the continuous repeated name drops is beyond ridiculous, its as if he's become a parody of himself. The only times on this album where we get the unexpected is the Lil Wayne featuring 'From Adam' where Game paints an actual picture with emotion that feels genuine and not contrived. The hook is from Weezy is also a welcomed change from his recent autotune meltdown.
Songs like Gang Bang Anyway feel forced and slightly generic, YG essentially already made the song 2 years ago on the far superior cut 'I Just Wanna Party'. The large number guests doesn't feel like a necessity just proof Jayceon is incapable of creating decent songs on his own. Not exactly disappointing considering he hasn't had an above average album since his first. What is slightly irritating is the complete lack cohesion sonically. Nothing on these albums sound a thing like his first, lyrically and production wise.",0,4,"Oct 24, 2015"
6,"The best song on here is a bonus track. With Skrillex. The production on the album is nice but The Game just ruins it with the stuff he says. Oh well.",0,5,"Oct 24, 2015"
10,"I was worried that the second part of the album would fall flat after such a great first part, but man was I wrong! Disc 2 is amazing, as good as disc 1 without any doubt. The beats are great, the invited artists (maybe too much) are great and Game is as strong in the booth as on the first part. From Adam is my personal best on 2.5 and maybe even on the double LP itself.",0,1,"Nov  3, 2015"
0,"I'm so sick of that same old love,
what's wrong with being confident?
Hotline bling slays and y'all have to know this, this album is not good to me, I prefer The Weeknd's new album than this to be honest.
Revival, Confident, Hotline Bling and The Beauty Behind The Madness are better",0,24,"Oct 23, 2015"
8,"The Documentary 2 proves The Game is still very much a relevant figure in hip hop. It's arguably one of the greatest double-disc rap albums in history. He clearly put an incredible amount of effort into this project to make sure it re-established his standing in the industry, and it's worked. Whether Game will use this rejuvenation of his career to put out another album in the future will remain to be seen. The Documentary 2 is one of the best rap albums of 2015, which has been a strong year for hip hop. Regardless of whether or not he releases another album, The Game has now cemented himself as one of the greatest West Coast rappers of all time. ~ Disc Two: 7.9/10 ~ w/ bonus track: 8.0/10
~ Overall: 7.9/10 (w/ Disc Two bonus track: 7.9/10)
Best track: 'Life'
Other notable tracks: 'Gang Bang Anyway', 'The Ghetto' & 'From Adam'",0,0,"Dec 20, 2015"
7,"There is a huge difference in quality between documentary 2 and documentary 2.5. This one is probably among the best rap albums of the year mainly because the overperforming features overshadow the game's presence who only spits 16 bars per song on average",0,0,"Jan 12, 2016"
10,"I never wanted to listen to a full rap album before, but the I played the Documentary 2 & 2.5, I haven't fell in love with a rap album since Kanye West, My Dark Beautiful Twisted Fantasy. Every song explains a story and has amazing composition by the Game and the collaboration are not overdrawn but masterful. Many think too many stars on an album makes it lose focus but the latter is the complete opposite and every song makes you believe in your mind that you are really watching a movie about the Game's eventful and illustrious life. The lyrics and sound has kept my phone repeating playing his album. But the Game achieved something Dr. Dre couldn't with Compton, he made you believe that you were witnessing the events through the music. That is a album",0,0,"Jan 25, 2016"
8,"Despite the fact that this album, like its part one before it, is a group effort, bringing together the highest minds in the rap industry, '2.5' is further proof that The Game must have worked his a-- off to get it to us.",0,0,"Mar  2, 2016"
10,"This is easily his most lyrical and dexterous album to date.  Production is insane and given that information I would say this is a damn home run.  Amazing album.",0,2,"Oct 15, 2015"
6,"Favourite Songs: On Me (feat. Kendrick Lamar), Don't Trip (feat. Dr. Dre, Ice Cube & Will.I.Am), Standing On Ferraris (feat. Diddy), 100 (feat. Drake)
Least Favourite Songs: **** You Ain't **** Circles (feat. Q Tip, Eric Billinger & Sha Sha), Dedicated (feat. Future & Sonyae)
I'm gonna be honest with you I haven't heard 'The Documentary' so I can't compare but based on the hype the first one gets I'm gonna guess that it's better than this sequel. This isn't the first time I've listened to The Game though, I listened to the 'R.E.D Album' and I downloaded 'Jesus Piece' when it came out; I didn't love it but there was some really nice production on a few of the tracks which kept me coming back to it quite long after it came out. On this album the production is perhaps even better but the songs I really like, like 'Don't Trip' or 'Standing On Ferraris', tend to just have really simple beats and instrumental loops throughout the whole song, as well as overused samples. I don't really care that they've been used before, I just think at this point they're kind of uninteresting and there's other songs that have sampled them much better which I'd rather listen to. I didn't really care for the stripped down production either; there's usually not much going on in it. It does work well on '100' though to create a really chilled vibe which is helped by Drake's lazy singey rap thing on the hook. In terms of rapping....I guess it was alright. I'm not a huge fan of The Game's flow and he didn't really say anything he hasn't said before. Most of the time he's just talking about Compton and that's fine but instead of really going into the details he just mentions it a lot. I liked the moments on the album where he tried to tackle racial problems a little bit or tried to become quite thoughtful. However, these moments were overshadowed by some of the more cliched and badly put lyrics on the album. I feel like this would have been a really great album if he'd cut out 4 or 5 of the songs that feel like filler. I don't dislike them they're just eh, although I do dislike the song **** You Ain't **** I think in the modern day world it's a little too misogynistic and he doesn't really justify the **** lyrics with a beat or hook or anything. Not that he ever delivers a good hook really. Any good ones are usually done by guests. And there are a lot of guests. Most of them don't even bring that much to the tracks though I barely noticed Q Tip on 'Circles' and Kanye West was only on for about 15 seconds. So Yh there's a lot of unnecessary features. Future especially, The Game and him have no chemistry it just sounds weird. Also, Will.I.Am. He talks on here like he's been making **** gangsta rap for the past decade so he can fit in with Dr. dre and Ice Cube instead of the radio friendly r&b he's become popular with like 'My Hump'. As long as you don't analyse it too closely though it's a fairly enjoyable album, hopefully 'The Documentary 2.5' will be better though.
Improvement From Last Project?: Yes
Try This If You Like: Compton by Dr Dre",0,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
10,"Excellent album, definitely his best work since Doctor's advocate. The beats are dope and polished to perfection and Game's improved a lot on his flow and acrobatic rhymes.",0,1,"Oct 16, 2015"
0,"I'm so sick of that same old love,
what's wrong with being confident?
Hotline bling slays and y'all have to know this, this album is not good to me, I prefer The Weeknd's new album than this to be honest.
Revival, Confident, Hotline Bling and The Beauty Behind The Madness are better",0,9,"Oct 23, 2015"
10,"Short and simple, best Game album since The Documentary. Album of The Year contender. The songs flow seemlessly, from end to end.  He is rapping better than ever. This is a true Game album.",0,1,"Oct 19, 2015"
8,"Documentary 2 is a worthy sequel to the Documentary. Using beats similar to the early 2000's was a bit of a risk but it certainly payed off as the production was not boring with enjoyable tracks like Don't trip, Step up and B*tch you ain't sh*t. The Game was at his best in a long time as his lyrics were amazing, The features were as good with the best features being Kendrick Lamar, will.i am, Sha Sha and Ab-Soul. The Album starts off with On me feat Kendrick which was the best track in the album and slightly maintains the momentum with Step up to Standing on ferraris then The amazing  Sentimental track Dollar and a Dream with Ab-Soul bringing his A-game, The album steps down a bit with Hashtag which was not as good as other tracks and Just another day being boring on The beat but the album was good until the end with the Dope track L.A finishing off. The Best tracks are On me, Dedicated, Mula and L.A. The worst Tracks are Just another day and Hashtag with Dej loaf and Jelly roll being disappointing features but overally the production is great, Lyrics are good, Features are worthy and better than last year's Blood Moon. This is not the best Album in five years as The Game said, but one to remember this year with high expectations on The Documentary 2.5.",0,0,"Oct 16, 2015"
8,"The Documentary 2 proves The Game is still very much a relevant figure in hip hop. It's arguably one of the greatest double-disc rap albums in history. He clearly put an incredible amount of effort into this project to make sure it re-established his standing in the industry, and it's worked. Whether Game will use this rejuvenation of his career to put out another album in the future will remain to be seen. The Documentary 2 is one of the best rap albums of 2015, which has been a strong year for hip hop. Regardless of whether or not he releases another album, The Game has now cemented himself as one of the greatest West Coast rappers of all time. ~ Disc One: 7.9/10 ~ Overall: 7.9/10 (w/ Disc Two bonus track: 7.9/10)
Best track: 'Standing On Ferraris': I'll be bumping this one for decades,  la 'The Next Episode'.
Other notable tracks: 'Don't Trip', 'Made In America', 'B**** You Ain't S***', 'Summertime', 'The Documentary 2', 'New York, New York' & '100'",0,0,"Dec 20, 2015"
7,"Not as good as its predecessors but still a solid album. Flow=10/10, production 9/10 and lyrically this is decent-great. Pretty decent album and contains some great features.",0,0,"Nov 13, 2015"
8,"Great album from the Game. Gives great social commentary on the 'ghetto' and always has a great sound around. Not many low tracks, and standout tracks are there.",0,0,"Oct 17, 2015"
9,"This album is dope, i enjoyed almost every song on it, with great features like Ice Cube, Dre, Kendrick Lamar, will.i.am, Ab Soul and Kanye West. It has very deep lyrics on it, highly recommended.",0,0,"Oct 15, 2015"
8,"Overall a very good follow up album to the album that first gained game notoriety.  Game's lyrics and flow are top notch throughout the album but it is a little too long for my liking.",0,0,"Oct 18, 2015"
10,"Its an independent album sounding like a Dr.Dre solo project. Eminem Big L  biggie and others might be better lyricist than game but rap come to game game naturally his beat selection and flow is so nas like and natural and goes harder than. He is like a nas as hard as dmx and namedropping is an asset imo he does it so brilliantly showing he is not afraid of everyone. Deserved a 5 mic in Doctors Advocate though classic album and this one too.",0,0,"Nov 28, 2015"
7,"The Game comes through with a comeback LP and impresses me for awhile but after the strong opening 5 tracks, it falls off into track fillers and horrible features, just to pick back up at the end.",0,0,"Dec  8, 2015"
4,"The game is the corniest rapper alive and he thinks he is top 5 lol, i cannot stand his name dropping *** saying invalid **** and bragging about lies . If it wasn't for the stellar production and some of the features this album would be unbearable, some of the songs already are actually",0,0,"Jan 12, 2016"
9,"Album took me completely by surprise, usually when an artist comes out with a sequel to a previous album, it's to help record sales. The Documentary 2 is not that at all, and is a true follow on from his first album in my opinion. Dr. Dre's production is extremely prevalent throughout, and reminds me of 'Compton' in more than one way. There are, as with most albums, a few songs which are weaker and get skipped when listening, but overall lyrical performance and beat selection proves this to be one of the best hip - hop albums of 2015.",0,0,"Feb  1, 2016"
8,"This is what The Game's been missing over the last couple years.  It's a big, bountiful, sumptuous hip-hop feast, and the second disc is just as supreme.",0,0,"Mar  2, 2016"
2,"Oh Fetty Wap, how I wanted to love you....Let me tell y'all a story. March 2015, I hear there's a new rapper with a kinda Rich Homie Quan type of flow called Fetty Wap who (unlike Quan) is lovable and mostly understandable with a song called Trap Queen. I listened to it and personally loved it. I liked how his voice was mediocre but enjoyable at the same time, I liked his beat choice and pretty much everything about him.
Then his real breakthrough hit came out called My Way came out, at first I was indifferent on it. About a month later, a remix by Drake came out and replaced a mediocre verse by Fetty's friend, Monty. This made it a massive banger and was one of my Summer songs.
In Late Summer, Fetty released 679. My favorite song by Fetty. I even enjoyed liked Monty's verse and started listening to 3 songs alot on Radio, Deezer, at discos, etc, Trap Queen, My Way and 679.
After these, I found out Fetty was releasing a debut album, and immediately I was hyped.
Then, he released Again, Fetty's worst single. As well as using lines from Trap Queen for half of the first verse, it ran by the 'Thugs need Love too' scenario.
The days coming up to Fetty's debut were strange. Both WATTBA and Caracal had come out and I had almost forgot about the album for a day or two.
Then the day came along, September 25'th 2015. I listened to all of it, more than 1 hour.
Needless to say, this album was the biggest disappointment of 2015.
3 Fav Tracks: My Way, How We Do Things, 679
3 Least Fav Tracks: Jugg, Couple Bands, Again
My Biggest Problem: Nearly every song in this LP sounds the same....No like literally I can't tell the difference between half of these songs. Jugg sounds like Trap Queen, Trap Luv IS Trap Queen (nearly the same beat, '1738 ah!', and the flow sounds the same!),Time's beat is pretty much 679's beat slowed down. And last.....But not least......MONTY IS ON 9 TRACKS IN THIS 20 TRACK LP!! (JESUS)
My Biggest Positive: Ummmm the singles are still good?
This is not only the biggest disappointment of 2015, but also one of the biggest disappointments in the past decade!
Also, this is easily one of my least favorite albums of 2015 so far by a longshot
2/10",3,3,"Oct 14, 2015"
1,"These songs have given me something to mock for the next year or so but outside of that there's not much I can take away from Fetty Wap's **** debut. It's got no substance for its length, it's extremely formulaic, he definitely can't sing but oh wait, he's got a funny eye! Unfortunately, that doesn't help the **** music become any less **** I really hope 2015 is the last time I'll hear about Fetty Wap, although knowing how brainwashed people are these days he'll probably top the charts for years to come with his boring ass 'bangers'.",2,2,"Dec 20, 2015"
0,"To sum it up the album was a disappointment. I loved Fetty's singles released over the summer they were AMAZING, but this album was a HUGE letdown. I don't like how Monty is randomly put in almost half of the album and he is not needed. I know that it is sort of a brotherhood between them, but it just didn't work.People are going to defend the album because of Fetty's many singles but you have to look at the big picture. He failed to take any risks on this album and it suffered creatively for it. It was like hearing Trap Queen 19 times. This is not how any album should be, repetitive and rushed. Besides that, some of Wap's rap are VERY basic. The album is to put it simply: not good. Of course he did have his moments. I did like seeing polished versions of his singles, that was a pleasant surprise. But in the end, this is just Wap saying how much he loves to party, do drugs, and women and that's not what expected. If your a Wap fan, you'd likely enjoy some tracks on th album but this will not be expected. This is like an hour of different variations of the same song. I love Fetty and I want to see him grow into his career but he needs to work on giving his stuff some substance first.",2,2,"Oct  3, 2015"
0,"Horrilble, this isn't music, all the tracks sounds the same, come on, try to be a little more original. All the tracks are really bad, i prefer kill myself than listen this again, DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM",2,2,"Jan  3, 2016"
0,"This album is garbage. Pure garbage. It is straight out of the vein of the terrible 2015 trap trend and it hurts my ears that this is what 'music' is turning into. The album drags on with 20 songs and even more so since all of the songs sound the same, and have the same lyrics. Don't waste the time or the money.",7,14,"Sep 25, 2015"
8,"Not every track here is a hit, but most are. I was pleasantly surprised by how many bangers there are on here. My personal favorites are 'Juug' 'My Way' 'Boomin' 'R.G.F Island' 'No Days Off' 'Rock My Chain' and 'Rewind'. So yeah, quite a fews great tracks on here in my opinion.",3,7,"Sep 25, 2015"
7,"Considering a lot of this debut album is from a mix tape that was recorded in the past year and Fetty has only 2 different artists featured throughout the entire album, it is a pretty reasonable debut. Do not go into this album expecting master lyricism of albums like To Pimp A Butterfly, production as good as Kanye, or a compelling story like Man On The Moon. It is a fun album to listen to with some tracks that you can constantly have on your shuffle and not get tired of them. 'Again', 'Jugg', '679', and 'I'm Straight' are big highlights of the album.",1,3,"Sep 27, 2015"
6,"Fetty Wap has exploded into the music industry as his Trap Queen sprawled all over social media. But 'Fetty Wap' has pleasured fans with bangers on bangers, what his fans wanted he has created. I'd wished he added more features as later on the album, the songs become slightly repetitive, lyrically and production wise. Fetty has time to improve his art, but for a limited time as I see his name fading on the bench rather than the court. NO HATE at all, just being critical. Fetty is dope as hell. And a legit intro as well.",1,5,"Sep 26, 2015"
7,"I surprisingly enjoyed this album. It's a solid debut for Fetty, one that demonstrates his great potential.
~ 6.6/10 ~ w/ deluxe edition tracks: 6.6/10
Best tracks: 'Jugg', 'Boomin'' & 'Rewind'",0,2,"Sep 28, 2015"
4,"Fetty did a good job of scattering his hit songs throughout the album. The lyrics are much too repetitive and he always sings about the same things. I was underwhelmed actually.",0,2,"Sep 27, 2015"
0,"This album looks like a parody of today's hip-hop music, it's a trap, over autotuned, and... seriously there are too much defects in this album, i give 0 because i can't give a lesser vote",0,0,"Jun  1, 2016"
9,"This album is a head bobber, I can't remember when I've let an entire album play through from beginning to end without skipping forward.  Get the album you won't be disappointed.",1,1,"Nov  7, 2015"
0,"just like every rap and phantogram.....would pay for them to go away.....can't believe how sexual things are again.....i'ts almost as though there is nothing other than butts which really is nothing more than the vagina i suppose",0,2,"Oct  7, 2015"
10,"It seems like critics have a hard time when genres merge. Honestly, this has been one of my favorite albums to jam so far this fall. Head bobbing tunes front-to-back, crisp production, with a dope AF Skrillex chaser. Give it a spin!",0,0,"Nov 20, 2015"
5,"This EP has great production coming from Josh Carter, of Phantogram's, and Skrillex, in the finale track. Also the second member of Phantogram's, Sarah Barthel came with great vocals and used many good metaphors in her choruses and short verses through out the EP. But most of her choruses were repeated and dragged until the end of many of the tracks. Big Boi did an average job overall. I thought he did a good job flowing on Josh Carters electronic style beats. But his lyrics were not up to par in my opinion. I just don't think theses guys were a good collaboration. Also most tracks failed to maintain a concept. Overall this is an average project. 5/10",0,0,"Jul 26, 2016"
10,"Meow there everyone. Meowthony Meowtano here, the meow's meowiest meowing cat. Here today with a remoew of the new Meow the Jewels MeowP, Meow the Jewels.
Meow the Jewels is an Atlanta/New Meork meow meow consisting of Killer Meow and Meow-P. Pitchfork gave this album a love heart cat emoji when it thoroughly deserves a cheeky grin cat face emoji. It makes me want to go and pee on Ryan Schreiber's pillow. I'm feeling a strong Meow to a light 10 on this Meow, trans-MEOW what did you think of this meow did you love it did you catnip why and what do you think i should meow next and that's it pawthony hisstano meow the meows formeower",7,7,"Oct  8, 2015"
8,"I know it's a novelty record but I do genuinely love it and let's face it it's probably the best remix album of all time. I thought it would make me want to blow my brains out but the meows and purrs have been manipulated really well to make the instrumentals so **** you. I'm also pretty sure you can summon cats with it; I was 5 minutes into the album and I saw a cat walking towards my house... The cat peeps love it. How can you disagree with the cats?",1,1,"Oct 12, 2015"
8,"Meow meow meow.
Meow meow meow meowing meow meower. Meow, meow meowwwwww. Meow.
Meow. Meow  El-P meow Killer Meow meow'd the meow's off meow meow. Meow, like meowwwww.
Favourite Meows : OH MY DARLING DON'T MEOW, ALL MEOW LIFE, MEOWRLY, PAW DUE RESPECT, CREOWN (especially CREOWN; meow meow meow meow meow!)
Meow/10",7,10,"Oct  2, 2015"
0,"This is an absolute pile of trash that hipsters who hate trap music and all things trendy will bump. FOH with this super Mario 8 bit cat sounds for beats garbage.",2,10,"Oct  7, 2015"
2,"A compldfe joke that shouldn't even have a rating on Metacritic.    hiss",0,7,"Oct  7, 2015"
5,"I only like the original RTJ2. It doesn't really need to exist. You don't really need to listen to this to make your life complete. You DO need to listen to the original RTJ2 to make your life complete. It is a little clever with the cat noises and stuff. It seems like a joke or a meme like 'Meow The Jewels coming soon...' and we laugh it off but then it ends up being a real album and its like oh... ok",0,1,"Jan  4, 2016"
7,"I love this concept and idea. As dumb as it may look on paper, its actually decent. This LP just shows everyone how far we've come in Hip-Hop today...",0,0,"Dec  8, 2015"
7,"After hearing this I'm very excited about this NY rap group going forward. I think they have allot to say and are surprisingly deep even when they are boasting. The only problem with this album is that it's a little too long and by the end I felt like I heard all they had to say for now. The production is also very average with few bright spots. If they had a Dre type budget, from what I heard, they have the flow, substance and electricity to make a lasting hip hop album.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2015"
8,"Having massively cut back on the eye-roll-worthy bars (though they are still definitely present at times), The Underachievers have managed to prove themselves in a situation where they have proved their moniker to be a misnomer. The first side is a fantastic, and though the second half isn't quite on the same level, it's still very impressive. I honestly didn't think they had an album this quality in them, and I was happily shocked to enjoy this as much as I did. I'd refer to this as my 4th favorite Hip-Hop album of 2015, which is quite a praise for a duo dropping their commercial debut.",0,0,"Apr 24, 2016"
8,"It's decent for what it is. A handful of club anthems, and songs for the fans. As I'm a fan of both Drake and Future, I enjoyed it. Metro Boomin does great production for the most part too. Definitely worth giving a listen",2,2,"Sep 24, 2015"
7,"I'm a Drake fan.
I like all the preovuos works. Room For Improvement, Comeback season, So Far Gone, Thank me Later, Take Care, nothing Was The Same and If You're Reading this It's Too Late.
Future is a great rapper too.
I had big hopes and expectative for this, but i am a little bit diappinted. Drake has drop so many good songs this year, on IYARTITL and when the Meek Mill feud came in, he dropp back To Back, right hand and Hotline Bling, the three song are better than any of this mixtape.
But there are a few songs, that will be on another Drake project as normal tracks, as 30 for 30 Freestyle and Chnage Locations.
Plastic Bag and Jumpman, are great songs, at the level of Hotline Bling or Back To Back.
But you will not find 'Energy' 'Know Yourself' '10 Bands' 'Legend' type tracks on this project.",1,1,"Sep 23, 2015"
8,"WATTBA has been hurt by the tape's massive expectations. Listening to the project, you can tell that Future and Drake didn't put nearly as much effort into it as they do for their studio albums. The duo's incredible talent, however, has still resulted in an elite mixtape and a pretty great project, overall. 'I'm The Plug' exemplifies the entire mixtape. The production from Southside and Future's hook were great, but Future's lyrics were a little shaky. Drake's verse was one of the best on the album but had a terrible transition back to Future. The song was good but not nearly as good as it could have been, similar to most of WATTBA. Also, shoutout to Metro Boomin for several masterfully-produced songs and OVO's 40 for producing the incredible '30 For 30 Freestyle'. ~ 7.8/10
Best tracks: 'Plastic Bag' & '30 For 30 Freestyle'",1,1,"Oct 23, 2015"
8,"It's a dope mixtape overall with a few stand out tracks. Nothing ground breaking or game changing, but Drake and Future have a nice chemistry throughout and there's a proper balance of trap bangers and that ambient ovo sound.",2,4,"Sep 22, 2015"
5,"Favourite Songs: Diamonds Dancing, I'm the Plug, Jumpman
Least Favourite Songs: Digital Dash, Big Rings
It's cool that Drake and Future actually made a whole album together but it wasn't exactly surprising when I didn't like it. Most Drake and Future releases can be pretty hit and miss (usually it's the latter) and Future has been, in my opinion, going with quantity over quality this year. I did a pretty negative review of his last album 'DS2'- which was only released what was it like 2 months ago- and although I like this a lot more I think it still suffers from the same problems. If you wouldn't call yourself a Future fan this project is definitely not for you because it sounds like a Future album with songs featuring Drake and Drake doesn't really bring all that much to the table. I think I preferred Future on here. I mean apart from lots of subliminals towards Meek Mill and a couple of great verses he really doesn't bring much to the album. I don't really have much to say about the actual album, I guess it's ok, it starts off **** awfully but it recovers. 'Diamonds Dancing' is a song I'll definitely come back to the production on it is just so nice when the saxophone/horn/whatever the **** it is kicks in during the hook. 'Jumpman' was kind of catchy as well and 'I'm the Plug' had a good beat.
Will I Return To It: To a couple of tracks",1,2,"Sep 22, 2015"
1,"If you're listening to this, it's too late...
Before you waste your iTunes gift card, please consider the following.
To open up I would like to say, the only thing keeping this 'mixtape' from an absolute stone cold zero was the production. Although it is cringe worthy to give the producers (who obviously put more time and effort into the project than either of the two artists did) credit for only one tenth of the entire projects ratings, it's almost impossible to move past the fact that both 'rappers' ( I use that term loosely) bring the entire project to a halt.
Song by song ratings:
Digital Dash - Opens up with the muffled sounds of Future attempting to string together some catchy verses that pertain almost entirely to (you guessed it) drugs, money and girls. Future sounds more like a nervous, mumbling middle schooler with his eyes to the ground reading his first oral presentation. Sorry Future but mumbling won't help people realize that you can't write or deliver. But then, just as we thought all hope was lost, Drake jumps in with an equally disappointing, repetitive verse. Unfortunately for the mixtape, the 6 God did not rectify the situation.
Big Rings- It's obvious Wheelchair Jimmy has always been grateful for his team, in his eyes they all deserve big rings, and... that's about all we hear from the ex-Degrassi star. If you thought you were going to get away from the autotune this time... think again, leave it to Future to mask his voice (Once again) and deliver some less than impressive lines about murdering, kidnapping and carjacking.
Live From the Gutter- An attempt for Future to illustrate his 'Come Up', once again a typical concept painted with an autotuned brush, presented with no standout lines. Hello Drake, in 165 words, you managed to tell us what? How had you an illustrious dating history? We know you appreciate your boys and love to tell us about your female history. But seriously, Mia Khalifa obviously doesn't care that you're live from the gutter, she's still not into you.
Diamonds Dancing- The common consensus is that this is the best song on the album. Which is understandable considering the audience it's appealing to. A repetitive song with a slow strip club-like beat. This song is perfect for getting a lap dance and sipping on some liquor.. but that really about it.
Are you seeing a pattern here? Or is it just me... If you were hoping for some magical climax in this album, I'm sorry but you will be sorely disappointed. From Scholarships to Drakes 30 for 30 Freestyle, the rest of the album is about as bland and generic as the previous four songs. So instead of wasting your valuable time reading a song by song review for the next 7 tracks, I'll save you some time and hopefully money and tell you exactly why this album should not have sold 350,000 copies in the first week.
Concept- 2015 has been a year filled with amazing, unprecedented classics that can only be described as timeless. Albums that represent what rap truly is. I understand that each album is attempting to appeal to a particular audience through the messages it conveys and the beats those meaning are carried over, but for an album to be successful in the minds of critics it needs a concept. After listening to this album many times over and digesting it for a week, I've come up short in my attempt to find a concept. All 11 tracks seem to be redundant and poorly pieced together from a lyrical point of view. No meaning past the face value of the words, both Drake and Future have not strayed from their comfort zone. For someone who is rumoured to not even write his own lyrics, Drake who is considered at the top of the game now by many mainstream rap fans is particularly disappointing. Each song carries the same message, and no track strays from it. We understand you have money, we understand you think you had a tough life, and most of all we understand you have girls in your give us something new.
'Real Rap' is simply an opinion, therefore I am entitled to my own. Drake and Future are not rappers, they are entertainers. The lack of variety and absence of meaning to me just goes to show how much these two actually care about their craft. If the rumours are true, and this only took 6 days to create, I can't express in words how disappointed I am with Drake and Future. It seems that these rushed albums are more about financial gain, than actually producing a quality soundtrack.
What A Time To Be Alive is nothing more than a representation of the apathy and lack of interests artist have towards rap. Lyrics and concepts are the foundations of any good musical creation, but this mixtape offers nothing but redundancies in both of those categories.
1/10, I'm glad I did not support this mediocracy but actually purchasing the mixtape, and I hope you all follow suit. Give credit where credit is due, these two have done nothing special in their careers and this mixtape just reinforced that fact.",2,6,"Sep 26, 2015"
2,"Literally the worst thing I've heard all year.
I'm a big Drake fan. This **** is boring and I found it nearly impossible to get through.  Basically a throwaway Future album that has Drake rapping on it.
Light 2",0,2,"Sep 25, 2015"
6,"Not being too keen on Drake or Future, I didn't know what to expect. Going into this I found myself realizing that these collections of songs starts to blend together and that there is no variety. The beats are FANTASTIC but Drake and Future show a lack of chemistry throughout this record. Just like they're last two projects. It's mediocre.",0,1,"Dec  8, 2015"
10,"This mixtape was pretty decent. It was created in a very short time and it is of good quality. Metro Boomin did an awesome job at producing the tracks, the beats are very dope and catchy. Although you can't really understand what Future is saying(not that anyone expected that from him), his voice matches perfectly with the beats. Drake's verses sometimes were pretty disappointing but at his freestyle at the end he drops some nice bars.",0,0,"Oct 11, 2015"
5,"Essentially a Future mixtape featuring Drake. I'm a Drake fan but I'm not a Future fan, although I do like a lot of songs where Future sings just the hook. Nevertheless, from the get-go I wasn't expecting a mixtape I was gonna like simply because I personally don't like Future, and that's what I got: a mixtape I didn't like. This mixtape is good for bumping in the whip, the club scene, and the like, because the beats bump pretty hard; I actually like most of the production from Metro Boomin on here. Outside of that, this mixtape doesn't really serve a purpose. 'Big Rings' and Jumpman are kinda catchy to me. '30 for 30' in my opinion was the highlight of the mixtape and maybe among some of the best songs of the year. However, that wasn't enough to lift up what in my opinion is a very average project.",0,0,"Sep 25, 2015"
6,"WATTBA, is a well put together mixtape. Although the underlying message behind songs is about friendships and fake friends, the tracks on the mixtape have well put together production, which backs up for the somewhat shallow lyrics. There are many bangers on this mixtape, shouts out to Metro Boomin for the production. Most tracks felt like throwaways from DS2 and IFYTITL. This project was way too overhyped, if it was bit low-key, the ratings would of been slightly better.
Light 6(god)/10
Although I am exited for views from the 6. I expect a lot from Drake.",0,0,"Sep 26, 2015"
7,"As a follower of both Future and Drake, it is easy to see that this tape is Future dominant. With a few tracks that really bang, (Jumpman, Big Rings, etc) this tape is overall pretty dope, but nothing spectacular. Good to chill and smoke to, with a handful of bangers that compliment nicely.",0,0,"Oct  6, 2015"
3,"felt like they weren't even trying.  Future is absolute trash. 2-3 good songs on this MAYBE.  Felt like drake was just proving a point... he can make music with bad artists and it will still sell",0,0,"Oct 20, 2015"
6,"I expected a lot of from this album because of 'If you're reading this it's too late'. But we have got a problem here. And this problem is Future. I don't like this guy. Drake stays cool. Best tracks - 'Jumpman', 'Rings', and maybe 'Digital Dush'",0,0,"Dec 19, 2015"
8,"The mixtape is great. Obviously it did not live up to the hype which was actually very hard to accomplish. However most songs are bangers and both drake and future come up with a bunch of great flows over -once again- outstanding metro boomin production.",0,0,"Jan 13, 2016"
10,"Mac Miller really shows his true potential in this project and I enjoyed every single song, he works hard and it really pays off. Lyrics plus production is unreal, just go:od feeling music.  #GO:ODAM",3,5,"Sep 18, 2015"
7,"Good work by Mac Miller, I am still in love with his older stuff rather than new Mac, but I will always go back to Mac Miller nevertheless. Great songs but has little playback value.",2,4,"Sep 18, 2015"
10,"Malcolm James McCormick, who raps by the stage name Mac Miller, is not your typical rapper. For starters, he didn't have the initial buzz of many rappers. He was part of a generation that included Sam Adams, Chris Webby, and Asher Roth, because of this he was constantly looked down as goofy and for the stereotypical music that college white boys all over the country would listen too. What separates Mac Miller from the others is his growth as an artist.
Blue Slide Park represented him having fun and doing things teenagers are known for including, having lots of sex, experimenting with drugs, and just partying.
Watching Movies with the Sound Off was a complete u-turn. Mac was depressed and it was obvious that he was struggling. Lines like, 'im not real, i think i never was' from the song I'm Not Real, show the intense amount of doubts he succumbed to. Songs like REMember, explored the loss of significant people in his life and the immense lows he suffered and how they influenced his abuse of substances. This album is one of the best albums rap or non rap, of all time. The last statement might draw a lot of criticism but the reason for my declaration is that it exposes Mac Miller, not just as a rapper, but as a person. When someone shares their deepest and darkest thoughts, it creates sympathy and empathy from the listener. There's nothing more relate able then when someone is completely honest.
GO:OD AM, like the previous albums represents a new chapter in his life. This new chapter represents a new beginning for Mac and shows growth as an artist. His past is evident throughout the album but that's representative of his as a person; a person is the sum of their experiences. Mac Miller has striked the perfect balance of being himself without being over the top. Blue Slide Park and WMWTSO brought out a lot of Mac, albeit in different ways, but they were sometimes so over the top that they felt they were created specifically for him. GO:OD AM shows the real Mac, but it brings enough of him to the table.
Mac Miller's lyricism has gotten deeper and more complex as time has gone by and GO:AM proves that he's capable of competing with people like Drake and Kendrick. His production is top notch, the beats are some of the catchiest tunes without being characterized as trap or drill. Mac Miller has proven once again that his album is nothing short of perfection.",1,2,"Sep 20, 2015"
7,"Rating:72/100
Favourite Tracks: 100 Grandkids, Time Flies, Perfect Circle/God Speed, Two Matches, Weekend
Least Favourite Tracks: When In Rome, Doors
First of all, like last years 'Faces', this album is way too long. I can appreciate long ambitious albums but I don't think this should have been so long, mainly because a lot of songs have different sounds and it makes for a really uncohesive project. The fact that some of the songs aren't that appealing to me production wise-throughout the album-probably doesn't help that. I mean I really didn't like 'When In Rome'. The trap beat was eh, there was this really annoying vocal sample in the background the whole way through, I don't think his vocal style really mixed that well with the beat and the hook got fairly annoying by the end of the song (WHEN IN ROME WHEN IN WHEN IN ROME WHEN I ROME WHEN IN WHEN IN ROME.) None of the hooks were particularly catchy except on 'Two Matches', which had a great laid back instrumental as well. Lyrically I think Mac has matured, there's still a lot of humour in the lyrics and his goofy personality still comes through but his word play is much more impressive. However, the lyrics can become kind of predictable by the end of the album and a little more variation in lyrical themes would've been nice. This is a solid project and if Mac Miller keeps going in this direction there should be a lot more great work from him to look forward to.
Will I Return To It: Definitely to some of it
If You Like This Try: **** the Money by Talib Kweli",1,3,"Sep 18, 2015"
10,"Mac Miller returns with a fresh new project that fully encapsulates all the greatest features of modern day hip-hop. His musical versatility, matured lyricism and impeccable flow carry him through a collection of beats that all seem to hold the perfect balance between catchy and experimental. Possibly Mac's greatest product yet.",1,4,"Sep 18, 2015"
7,"Not many artists are not better without their muse. The drug they leaned on is usually revealled to be the thing that exposed the artist in the artist. So, knowing macmill has all but dumped the drugs I was prepared for some auto-tuned, singing type sh*t. Thankfully macmill outperforms this expectation. There are some nice tracks on here like clubhouse and when in rome(knocking the 'trap music' trend). Nice word play in places as well and a good variety of topical sh*t as well. However is was the flow I can compare to his drug filled haze. Thus the 7. But better than most.",0,1,"Sep 21, 2015"
10,"Mac is still killing it, this album shows exponential growth for him as not only a rapper but a music artist. There should be no doubt that he will go down as one of the greatest in our generations music history. All love goes out to Mac ! I can't wait to see what the future holds for him.",0,1,"Sep 21, 2015"
8,"Definitely Mac's best album to date. It's a nicely produced project that's more mature, less monotone and more interesting, and expands on the incredible promise Mac showed on his previous album Watching Movies With The Sound Off. Mac delivers bars with conviction on this album; he raps like he's trying to prove he's among the best in the game. And I have to say, he partially succeeds.
Favorite songs: 'Brand Name,' '100 Grandkids,' 'When In Rome,' 'Clubhouse,' 'Break the Law,' 'Time Flies,' 'Weekend.'",0,0,"Sep 25, 2015"
10,"As a longtime Mac listener, it has been great to sit back and watch him grow as an artist. This album is crisp, and simply flawless. The best rap album of 2015, hands down.",0,0,"Oct  6, 2015"
6,"He had a unique sound that won me over on 'Watching Movies With The Sound Off' but here, he's just compromising and making basic rap. There is personality on here.",0,0,"Dec  8, 2015"
7,"This is just my opinion but i don't prefer mac when he makes happy songs like the weekend a few descent songs like brand name shows he can spit bars but everything else isn't special to me. He is still top 5 new school artist for me",0,0,"Jul 27, 2016"
10,"Is it great? Is it incredible? No, it's indescribably. This album is in the my TOP-5 of 2015 now. I'm going to listen to the full discography of these wonderful guys. Wooooooooow!",2,2,"Sep 19, 2015"
10,"This album wont be leaving my player any time soon. All i can say is WOW. When I first put in this album I didn't know what to think. It was good, but different. Its missing a lot of the catchyness that the previous albums had. This uses a lot of odd chord progressions and a little bit more dissonance that was missing in the other albums making it while not Immediately gratifying, it gives it something special once you have listened to it multiple times. Alot of the songs are slower, quieter then previous albums, but it still contains that Blackalicious feel. I really wish this is the kind of music that got played on the hip hop radio stations, instead of the crap they play. This is real hip hop. Pick up this album and give it a couple listens. You wont regret it!",1,2,"Sep 23, 2015"
7,"Solid comeback album from Blackalicious. This is not their best album, but it's funky, enjoyable, entertaining, and simply fun to listen to. As usual, Chief Xcel has produced some jamming beats. Imani Vol. 1 is breathing some new life into hip-hop again!",0,0,"Sep 28, 2015"
8,"Short review;
Blackalicicous is back with Imani Vol. 1!
Great traditional production, solid raps by MC's with fitting voices and good songwriting make this album an enjoyable listen from the moment you put it on. It's not an Hip Hop album that will break the boundaries of the genre, but it doesn't have to.
Imani Vol. 1 is an great comeback album by the Hip Hop veterans. It's a blast from the past put together in the present. Welcome back, Blackalicious.
Fav Tracks: Blacka, Ashes to Ashes, Alpha and Omega
Least Fav Tracks:  None",0,0,"Jan  2, 2016"
10,"Flames is an understatement,, Thugger executed it so swiftly in this project................ just wow, what a beautiful work of art. Now excuse me while I go and bump this album in my car",1,1,"Feb 12, 2016"
7,"Most songs here slap heavy thugger running the game right now ain't no denying that i will keep saying that the man is a pioneer FrFrFr !!!!!!!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Jan 14, 2016"
10,"This mixtape started everything, everything is Slime Season. Forsure SS2 is better than #1, but hey without this mixtape, their would be a sequel. Outstanding Trilogy of music, can not wait for SS3!",0,0,"Feb 14, 2016"
9,"Angel Haze is one of the most underrated female rappers. It seems that just for a woman get audience, she needs to be hyper sexualized or objectified, so artists like her stand in the background. Back to the Woods is organic, soulful. It's a masterpiece that didn't got the recognition and attention it deserves. My favorite tracks are Impossible, The Eulogy and Babe Ruthless.",2,2,"Nov 16, 2015"
10,"I really believe that if you didn't like the album after the first listen then you probably should give it one more listen. Jay rock had me feeling as if I were from the 90059 with the raw emotion and clever world play he put out there for us to enjoy and at this point i believe that everyone has an opinion but if you don't like it then you are probably just hating and wanting him to be more lyrical than kendrick which he isn't but he put his own stamp on this and people will eventually come back around listening to this like something a level less than a classic but above a great album",4,4,"Sep 18, 2015"
10,"This is one of my favorite albums of 2015 so far, along with TPAB, Summertime '06,  I Love You Honeybear, and Surf. Excellent beats all around. Some have a trap style flavor, while some are dark, experimental tracks, that really set Rock apart from his other TDE counterparts.",2,2,"Sep 17, 2015"
9,"First listen I was unimpressed, but after trying again I'm hooked. Jay Rock leans toward a more conscious hip hop style than Follow Me Home. Darker beats and lyrics, although a little less 'in your face' than the usual Jay Rock.",1,1,"Sep 18, 2015"
7,"an ok album, some boring songs, the production is solid for the most part and the features are not terrible. the Black hippy song is pretty mediocre tho. the flows on it were terrible. it's not a bad album it's just very average. nothing stands out about this album or jay rock in general. he has no real style on this album. i",3,4,"Sep 16, 2015"
10,"As always TDE delivers with beats. And as we've seen before Jay Rock holds himself down lyrically.
A great release from Jay Rock, 10 in order to even out that insanely low user rate/",3,5,"Sep 16, 2015"
6,"Unlike his TDE brethren, Rock's album is a decline from his first. His style and lyricism is outdated, while his production is nothing short of boring. Rock can't even stand out on his own album. 4 years, and it's still a decline. Guess he's not eating.",2,6,"Sep 16, 2015"
10,"Jay rock is not the most lyrical rapper out, but his delivery of his songs are on a higher level than other artists in the industry. If he had both he would be one of the greatest of all time, but Jay Rock is who he is. 10 score to balance out the distribution.",1,4,"Sep 24, 2015"
1,"Unlike his TDE brethren, Rock's album is a decline from his first. His style and lyricism is outdated, while his production is nothing short of boring. Rock can't even stand out on his own album. 4 years, and it's still a decline. Guess he's not eating. ok ok ok whoooooooooo",0,3,"Dec  4, 2015"
8,"Jay Rock really succeeds on 90059 in separating himself from his Top Dawg Entertainment comrades and is able to stand out as equal to rather than inferior to the rest of his label mates. His already impressive flow is even more polished and smooth on this album and he displays even greater strength in storytelling. Rock seamlessly blends gangster rap with relatable anecdotes from his struggles in life, never allowing the album too feel tedious (the short run time of the album is also critical for this). The one negative aspect of the album is that, although rare, Jay seems to fall into the generic hood rap from time to time, lacking variety. Regardless, with 90059 Rock truly earns his right to be mentioned when talking about TDE, rather than just Kendrick Lamar or Schoolboy Q being awarded all the praise. 7.7/10. Highlights: Necessary, Easy Bake (excellent back and forth sequence between Rock and fellow Black Hippy member Kendrick Lamar), Gumbo, Wanna Ride, 90059, Vice City (very fun and impressive verses from all the Black Hippy members), and The Message.",0,0,"May 17, 2016"
8,"90059 may get a bit overlooked in a big year in hip hop, but this a pretty great album. The production overshadows Jay Rock at times, however, which is a little disappointing for such a lyrically talented rapper. This is a big artistic leap forwards for him, compared to his debut album. I'm left feeling like I still don't quite know Jay Rock, though. Overall, I'd say this album is arguably a top-10 hip hop album of the year. I'm eager to see if Jay Rock can further capitalize on his talent and take another step forward with his next album. ~ 8.2/10
Best tracks: 'Necessary', '90059' & 'Money Trees Deuce'",0,0,"Sep 28, 2015"
7,"Favourite Tracks: Vice City (feat. Black Hippy), Easy Bake (feat. Kendrick Lamar & SZA), Gumbo, Money Trees Deuce (feat. Luke Skiiwalker), Necessary
Least Favourite Tracks: The Message
This is not the disappointment that everyone made it out to be. I mean sure it didn't live up to the hype but it's a really likeable album, even if Jay Rock doesn't really come through that strongly with his own sound. It has really good, for the most part, grimey production. Although at times it can seem a little skeletal, especially on the opening track, it's never unlikeable there's always something in the beat that catches your ear and it matches his vocals pretty well. I thought placing Busta Rhymes on a fairly easy going track was a bit strange but ultimately it did kind of work out. Kendrick Lamar's contributions to the album were great as well, him and Jay Rock aggressively exchanging lines on 'Easy Bake' was amazing to hear and SZA sounded great on the beat change up. The track featuring the rest of Black Hippy was cool as well. I like the fact that they all use the same quirky flow, although I do think it stops Schoolboy Q's verse from being as hard hitting as it should have been. I guess I don't really have many problems with '90059' the only song I wasn't really digging as much was the closing track 'The Message', I just thought it didn't really end the album on a high note. I mean it's ok from what I can remember the lyrics are emotional but there not really anything special about it. So overall I really liked this album and Ill be continuously listening to songs like 'Gumbo' and 'Money Trees Deuce' for the next few weeks.
Will I Return To It: To most of it yeah
If You Like This Try: Oxymoron by Schoolboy Q",0,0,"Sep 19, 2015"
8,"A lot of others would disagree but I felt as if every track was great and no mediocre tracks were present for me. The features were also all extremely great with only Isaiah Rashad feeling a slight bit underused (he only did the hook on 'Wanna Ride') however Busta Rhymes, Kendrick Lamar, Schoolboy Q, Ab-Soul and SZA all did really well. The only issue here is that the album simply had me wanting more as it only runs for 45 minutes  and while I personally was fine with it, this may not justify the $23 price tag for the album. (Australian Price). Despite this, Jay Rock has created a fantastic album and this is a great return back from having no album released for four years.",0,0,"Sep 23, 2015"
10,"One of the best albums that TDE has released. There are no bad songs on this album, and many great songs. My only complaint was that it was so good, that it left me begging for more. 10/10, highly recommend.",0,0,"Sep 16, 2015"
7,"Jay Rock coins the hard hitting style in TDE and continues it on this LP. From bangers like 'Easy Bake' to soft songs like 'Money Trees Deuce' he shows versatility. He falls short in messages and making an album have a consistent sound.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2015"
8,"Jay Rock has done it! Beautiful album! Track Black Hippy's 'Vice city', amazing 'Easy Bake' with Kendrick, 'Gumbo' and 'Money Trees Deuce' best tracks. :)",0,0,"Dec 19, 2015"
5,"I really don't like this kind of rapping but this album is decent and there are a couple songs that bump heavily in the whip, far better than his debut album imo.",0,0,"Jan 12, 2016"
9,"Travi$ Scott se reinventa novamente. A estrela solitria de Houston finalmente tem sua chance de explodir, e ele agarra ela com toda sua fora. E apresenta para o pblico um timo trabalho. Em alguns momentos soou como Yeezus, Days Before Rodeo e em outros Owl Pharaoh, mas nada que seja repetitivo. Ele acerta nas produes e nas participaes. Todos estranharam a participao de Justin Bieber no comeo, mas aps a cano, todos notamos o seu potencial para rimar, ele pode ir longe. Uma das colaboraes mais aguardada pelos fs de Kanye West & Travi$ Scott finalmente ocorre. A faixa 'Piss on Your Grave' originalmente obtinha participao de outra lenda, Paul McCartney. Pelo nvel de ambos artistas, eu esperava algo memorvel, mas no  uma faixa decepcionante. Enfim, falo agora sobre a melhor faixa do lbum '90210', com produo de DJ Dahi e participao de Kacy Hill, o trio colabora para realizar uma excelente faixa.
Um timo lbum para um debut.
9.0/10",1,1,"Sep 15, 2015"
7,"Travi$ Scott is an artist I've had mixed feelings about in the past. I didn't like most of his previous work, such as Days Before Rodeo and the singles dropped inbetween that project and Rodeo itself but I was incredibly surprised by the final product.
The majority of tracks on this record are great, such as Antidote, Maria, I'm Drunk, Pray 4 Love, Nightcrawlers and 90210. The features on the record are also surprisingly decent, with features from Quavo of Migos, 2 Chainz, Swae Lee, The Weeknd and Toro Y Moi which are all pretty nice.
The main two issues I have with the album are the track 'Piss On Your Grave ft. Kanye West' and the album cover itself. Normally, I wouldn't allow a piece of artwork that accompanies the album itself to factor into my like/dislike of an album but the cover art here is so repulsive that it made the album unappealing to me prior to listening and still makes me have mixed thoughts about purchasing the album physically just due to how much I dislike the cover art.
Overall, Travi$ Scott came through with an incredibly surprising first studio album but like his previous records, there's numerous flaws in his work which bring the album down a few points.",1,1,"Dec  2, 2015"
10,"Blown away by Travi$ on this one. As every artist grows and changes, so does their music and this is a work of art. Not so impressed with the production wished Travi$ wouldve handled it a little more. Other than that, Album of the Year, with great features. My favorite from the album is Maria, Im Drunk ft. Justin Bieber and Young Thug!",6,8,"Sep 10, 2015"
10,"The best elements of days before rodeo and owl pharaoh while being mastered with the best producers in the game made Rodeo the certified classic that it is",3,4,"Sep  9, 2015"
10,"This album to be honest I felt was the ultimate cohesion of yeezus, days before and owl pharaoh I felt this album did exactly what it set out to do and is a strong contender for album of the year at this point. Travis definitely upped the ante on this album and put the game on notice",4,6,"Sep  9, 2015"
10,"RODEO BY TRAVIS SCOTT
Rating:82/100
Favourite Tracks: Antidote, Piss On Your Grave (feat. Kanye West), Maria I'm Drunk (feat. Justin Bieber & Young Thug), Oh My Dis Side (feat. Quavo), Night Call (feat. Swae Lee & Chief Keef)
Least Favourite Tracks: 3500 (feat. Future & 2 Chainz)
It took me a few days to figure out how I felt about the new Travis Scott album. For a few days it was sat in my iTunes and then when i finally decided to dive into it i couldnt really figure out if I hated or loved what Id heard so I left it a few days and when I listened to it again it just clicked. I love it. The beats are super atmospheric throughout, its really cohesive, he makes great use of samples and the dark synths highlight the records (often depressingly) dark mood. Travis Scotts vocal contributions dont really impress me that much but I can get through them and theres plenty of features to keep things rolling (even if they are a bit peculiar.) I wouldnt say any of the songs are bangers (except maybe Antidote) but theyd still do well on the radio. The only song I actually dislike is 3500, its like 7 minutes (why???) and it barely changes. I really liked Piss On Your Grave I cant see why it was getting hate, the raw drums and Jimi Hendrix sample sound great. Kanye West is fine on it as well I wasnt expecting him to spit some fire and he didnt. I guess Travis could have done Kanyes part himself to the same effect but it would be a bit outrageous if he wasnt on the album.
Will I Return To It: Yea
Try This If You Like: Kanye West",2,3,"Sep 10, 2015"
9,"People who have no understanding of audio production will never grasp why Travis Scott is so talented.  Its deeper than rap.  This is art.  Definitely impressed with this young man's craftsmanship.",2,3,"Sep 10, 2015"
8,"This is Yeezus done right. As a fellow HHH, we're surrounded by simplistic artists like Future, Migos, etc and by 'real' hip hop like Kendrick and J. Cole. Travis Scott has struck a cord, albeit closer to simplistic rap, between the two genres. The album broods with absolutely beautiful instrumentals like Pornography and 90210 to deep cuts like 3500 and Piss on Your Grave. However, there is one exception to the album. There are no 'bangers'. This isn't Days Before Rodeo in the slightest, with the exception of Drugs You Should Try. The features are all fitting, and the album rides smoothly without getting too boring. If you're a fan of Travis for his signature autotune sing song rap, listen to this immediately.",7,13,"Sep  4, 2015"
9,"This is an album that will get mixed reviews. It doesn't appeal to everyone. I really enjoyed this album and I can say it will be on rotation for a while. (Blah Blah Blah Travis Scott bites other artist... blah blah blah he sounds like this and that....just enjoy the music and if you don't there are many other artist you could listen too)",3,6,"Sep  6, 2015"
10,"Rodeo is one of the best albums this year. Travis killed it on this album hope the albums he can release in the future will be the same quality as Rodeo.",1,2,"Sep 26, 2015"
9,"If you liked ' My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy ', you will love this album. Worth listen for the incredible ' dramatic ' Mike Dean synthetizers. Best song : Pray 4 Lovd",4,10,"Sep  5, 2015"
6,"This album is not original. This is super average, jumping into the trends, Travis is biting all his features on this. Hed didnot find himself here. This is super dissapointment, this is some **** overrated, all he does is vampirizing his producers and consigners, this is wack as **** 6/10",2,5,"Sep  6, 2015"
7,"im writing this review to say that people like RonTron are fkn stupid, 'yeezus done right'?? bhaha what the **** are you on about dude?? don't ever diss yeezus again, it's a masterpiece for the times, if you havent caught up sit the **** down and shut the **** up, and 'there are no bangers'??? talking about deep cuts and **** wtf are you on about bro???? every second song is a banger, seriously man, shut the **** up and sit the **** down homie, i have the upmost respect for travis i know he will blossom in the future but this record deserves a 7 no more, dont give him an 8 just cos his major debut didn't live up to it's expectations so u try to cover it up and **** not living up to ur expectations IS PERFECTLY FINE, if u make a 10/10 major label debut already ur career is limited in the fact if u dont keep that standard with future projects people will forget u, but see for travis he can only go up from this, so don't try and ride his dick this early man, give him the credit when he earns it, he's still young as **** and holy **** im an aggressive drunk",1,9,"Sep  4, 2015"
1,"Why do people like Travis Scott? I legitimately can't figure it out. All he does is rip off the style of others, including but not limited to Drake, Kendrick, Kid Cudi, and Kanye (this dude is basically a cheap imitation of Kanye, let's be honest). Thus, nothing is special about his music. Almost song on here is unimpressive and unoriginal. The only songs that sound even remotely good are 'P*** On Your Grave' (featuring Kanye) and 'Pray 4 Love' (featuring The Weeknd). And trust me, Travis Scott is not the reason that these songs are good.  Do yourself a favor and don't bother trying to enjoy this album.",1,25,"Sep  5, 2015"
8,"Not a perfect album, but it's damn near close. First and foremost the production on this project is phenomenal; I don't think there's a beat on this album that doesn't use the trap sound in the most professional or creative way possible. The lyrics are catchy, the narrative is interesting and clever, and the albums mood, feel, and aesthetic is extremely rich. One of my favorite albums of the year by far and I cannot wait for Travi$ Scotts next one.
Favorite Tracks: Antidote, Oh My Dis Side, Nightcrawler, Flying High, Piss on Your Grave",0,0,"May  7, 2016"
7,"I, along with many others, expected a lot out of this album. It disappointed me, to an extent. Scott proved he could make a cohesive album, but there's some mediocre material littered throughout. He tightened up his unique sound, but I would have liked to see some progress to an even greater level. Despite the project's flaws, there's a few bangers that I'll be bumping for awhile, and I'm definitely looking forward to what Travis can do with his next album. ~ 7.1/10 ~ w/ deluxe edition tracks: 7.0/10
Best track: 'Nightcrawler'
Other notable tracks: 'Piss On Your Grave', 'Maria I'm Drunk' & 'I Can Tell'",0,0,"Nov 28, 2015"
6,"This album has an excellent production and it sounds like the complete package until you actually listen to Travis' lyrics. Every verse he's on is whack af.",0,0,"Sep  7, 2016"
8,"Absolutely love the beats on this record and the way Travis complements them as well. Yeah its not smart or lyrical, but it just wants to have a good time and it succeeds at that. '3500' is an epic seven minute undertaking with excellent guitars in the background and a humorous verse from 2 Chainz, 'Oh My Dis Side' is just one of the many songs here that pulls of an excellent transition into the next part of the song. 'Wasted' has some middle eastern style to it which is really enjoyable and 'Antidote' is a hazy intoxicating song which is one of my favorites of 2015. Overall I was surprised by how much I enjoyed this record and I am eagerly awaiting the next project Travis puts out.",0,0,"Apr  1, 2016"
10,"Travi$ on this one is giving an impeccable piece of work. This album is the perfected form of what many Atlanta artists such as Future have only attempted to do by creating high art ignorance. This album is cohesive and when in a inebriated stated the album dark and wavy sounds are only enhanced. This music is definitely that of the new generation as it is dark and the deep bass only consistently follows the vibes of a drug endued party.",0,0,"Sep 13, 2015"
10,"Lyrically, this album is pretty mediocre in fair honesty. It is the production however, which keeps this album truly lit and enjoyable. The production from Scott is incredible, and this album is obviously influenced from Yeezus in terms of the abrasive, experimental-trap sound. Plenty of bangers and awesome album!",0,0,"Nov 13, 2015"
8,"Travis  Scott first album is while not the best out this year it is his best work of his career and it has shown through catchy tracks such as  Oh my Dis Side and the very wonderful 90210. If you have the money or want to know who Travis is well this is a good way to start .",0,0,"Sep 15, 2015"
8,"I did not like 'Days Before Rodeo' and I was not coming into this LP with high hopes, but I was thoroughly surprised when Travis came through with very nice voice interludes and instrumental. I now understand what the 'Rodeo' is.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2015"
7,"I didn't expect too much from this guy, but I'm possitive suprised. It's good album, Travis maybe isn't the best rapper, but production is great. 7/10",0,0,"Dec 20, 2015"
8,"When I heard Travi$ Scott's 'Days Before Rodeo' Mixtape, I only liked what.... 4 tracks off of it? I was expecting this album to bump so hard... in the recycling bin. I sat down ready to **** drag this album through the mud. I walked away having heard easily one of the best albums of 2015. First off, the production on this thing is **** amazing, it's so dark and energetic at the same time. Music that just just gets you moving. Songs like, Nightcrawler, and Piss On Your Grave, and Antidote, make you want to shout the lyrics at the top of your lungs. 'I GOT ME SOME UPS, I GOT ME A FREIGHT!' Another plus, is Travis' voice on this thing, it feels like he finally perfected his autotune style, and it sounds robotic, but human and emotive at the same time. Over all good record, I will definitely have this in my rotation for months.",0,0,"Dec 22, 2015"
7,"A lot of ******* be hating on laflame but he knows how to make a project worth listening and vibing to ,mostly intoxicated. This is not as good as days before but it's still lit.",0,0,"Jan 16, 2016"
9,"This album is autotune done right. A creative theme plus great rapping and production creates an excellent project and also his best project surpassing days before rodeo and owl pharaoh",0,0,"Mar  7, 2016"
8,"A hip-hop classic by any gauge.  Travis Scott may still be young, with a juvenile mind state that needs work, but my god, the skill, style, artistry and technique that go into 'Rodeo' are simply amazing.  People may say that Scott is an A$AP impersonator, but it's probably the other way around.  The A$AP clan, especially Rocky, took significant notes from Scott.",0,0,"Mar  2, 2016"
7,"I couldn't believe I liked this as much as I did. You already know that 'Antidote' will be a jam for years to come, but there really aren't too many weak spots on this. It's refreshing to see anyone take the redeeming qualities within the Atlanta Trap scene, expand upon them and twist it all together with an artistic/creative zest unparalleled by his contemporaries. Much love to Travis Scott and I am dying to hear what he comes out with next.
Only complaints would be some truly weak bars peppered throughout, some tiresome production on tracks here and there and not enough in terms of what this genre does best: crafting BANGERS.",0,0,"Apr 24, 2016"
10,"This album is a banger and showcases his trap beats and his banging rapping. This is an album you would shuffle 24 hours and 7 days. From hit banger Antidote to rock-rap-trap song 3500 including 2 Chainz, Juicy J, The Weeknd, kanye West and Kacy Hill. This is a huge step up toward his career. Favorite song is 3500. listen on Spotify and follow Travis Scott!",0,0,"May 31, 2016"
6,"After multiple hearings, I have come to the conclusion that Rodeo is simply just an 'Ok' album from an Ok artist. Sure, it has great moments like tracks 90210 and Maria Im Drunk, but overall it's a soulless album from an empty vessel called Travis Scott. Ok alright!",0,0,"Jul 26, 2016"
8,"so pre much when i was a young lad, i had a few problems with being 2 cool for skool, so pre much when i graduated, i realised im an ice addict, and that lyf is difficult, donate to my foundation swagkillerz101 to receive donations for the animals in africa and ****",1,2,"Aug 22, 2015"
7,"WAVE[S] BY MICK JENKINS
Rating:75/100
Favourite Songs:P's & Q's,Your Love,Perception
Least Favourite Songs:Piano,Giver
Ok so first thing I want to say is this album is definitely about the joyous vibe which might be the reason that nearly half of it seems to blend into 1 and disappear as soon as you hit pause. That's fine with me but the 5 songs that stand out make me wish there was a lot more from the other 4. Theres a beat change up on one of these tracks, 'Giver', which didn't really bring anything to the track in its last minute much like the beat change up on 'Get Up Get Down'. Lyrically, Jenkins sticks with the theme of water (hence the title) and I've seen some people complaining saying he's overusing it now but I think that's what sets him apart from other rappers releasing mix tapes (this is a mixtape in the same way that 'If You're Reading This Its Too Late' Was so basically it's not one you have to pay for it.) I like his deep voice but his flow isn't really anything special which is why I think this project fails it's so much about the vibe that he seems to fall from the forefront of the music if he's not saying anything particularly interesting or fresh. So Yh he's not really as lyrical as he was on the 'Water[s]' mixtape except on 'P's & Q's'. That song was nothing special to me until I realised the **** amount of alliteration he fit into it while not just spouting **** If you listen to any song off the EP listen to that and be reading the lyrics on genius because it's **** impressive. Some other highlights are 'Your Love'- I just love his voice over the funky loop and his singing in the song is pretty good so much so I had to check it was him doing it. Another highlight is the last track 'Perception' it's a banger with a fun cooky instrumental but it's also thoughtful-it's like 'To Pimp A Butterfly' level.",0,1,"Aug 22, 2015"
7,"A pretty good project. On this EP, Mick kinda expands his sound, experiments with singing/sing-rap on a couple songs, incorporates jazz elements on a song or two, and overall kinda has a more radio-friendly sound than his previous projects. That does not mean the songs lack in quality; Waves still displays Mick's impressive, beautiful lyrical capabilities and is solid content-wise, as Mick himself has stressed how important content is. Personally I enjoyed his previous project The Waters over this project; however, that does not diminish the fact that I still enjoyed this EP. It is very unique and very good.",0,1,"Aug 24, 2015"
7,"The album starts with a blast in the warped free-verse poetry that introduces 'Alchemy', and doesn't lose momentum until it's finished. There is consistency in Wave[s] that does itself feel like liquid motion. The seamless flow between invigorated rapping and a distinct deep and dark voice lay over the soulful production and do not sound forced or contrived. The track 'Your love' did seem a little bit rushed and commercial, but the strength of the rest of the album  washes any memory of it away. It's disorganized and surprising, which is why moments like '40 Below' jumping to 'P's & Q's' work so well. Wave[s] is undeniably interesting and Mick Jenkins deserves to be listened to.",0,0,"Oct 18, 2015"
6,"Last year's mixtape by Jenkins was great. I expected a lot, but I'm disappointed. Wave(s) by Jenkins is poor for me but I still count on this man. 6/10",0,0,"Dec 20, 2015"
10,"Old Souls Turn Twenty Four
The Water[s]is a self fulfilling album produced with the intentions of giving off this smooth and artistic lifestyle of a young black male in the midst of all the Chicago criticism. A more relatable feel to the young black community in contrast to what we call our mainstream hip hop, Mick Jenkins and his music has changed the view of what underground hip hop has the potential to be and thats again smooth, calm, and soulful
The album, The Water[s],  first off can be listened to fully, no skips, unless you dont get the metaphorical connection between THC and water then youre SOL.  To say the piece can  be listened to fully is an essential detail that needs to be known about any piece of work. If the piece has three really good songs, four okay, and six you absolutely cannot sit through the piece is mediocre and gets thrown to the side. Immediately. To say that this piece from Shipwrecked to Jerome is a beautiful flowing ocean says a lot about the luring creative ability this piece holds.
Each song expresses a deep connection within Mick Jenkins himself  by painting this lucid mental vision of a young South Side **** from the go that lives this realistic yet stereotypical lifestyle. From the weed to the love and to the hardships Mick makes sure that each song holds a strong central message in relation to at least one of these arguments. You see, its a fresh face when you think of Chicagos average trap music, Mick Jenkins adds soul and serenity to his music and that dilutes 95% of his content that would be seen as negative or inappropriate.",0,0,"Mar 23, 2016"
4,"The sounds sound as if Meth is still in the late 90's-sounds old quite frankly. Some of his references are straight from back then too-was expecting Joe Clair or Big Tiga from BET to make shout outs on here.. Now, I do like the gritty sounds Meth is grinding with, and he didn't fall into the trap of the latest 'trap musik' sh*t. I can respect that. Good to hear some of the WU come on this thing and his road dog Redman. But, this Meth ain't the best Meth we have heard.",1,1,"Aug 23, 2015"
2,"the album sounds pretty poor compared to his early works. seems after his albums 4.21 the day after and tical  the prequel, Method man had trouble releasing more work due to label issues.  the production on here doesn't sound raw and gritty and and the album is over packed with too many guests. i respect that meth wants others to shine, but on here he sounds like hes done with music and has ran out of ideas on what to rap about. guess from being in movies and out of the music scene for 9 years is taking its toll on method man. he will always be one of my fav rappers but this album is far from a classic like his past works,",0,0,"Feb 25, 2016"
7,"I didn't expect much from Welcome to JFK, but I surprisingly enjoyed listening to this album. Chinx is a versatile artist who I think would have had a chance of becoming a big rapper if he hadn't been killed (RIP). This is a very solid album that ensures Chinx will be remembered by many. ~ 7.0/10
Best track: 'Yay'
Other notable track: 'Don't Mind Me'
Also, despite overall not being that great of a song, the last couple minutes of 'Die Young' are something special.",0,0,"Sep 23, 2015"
10,"Okay, I already did a review for this album, but I want to do a longer one and rate the songs track by track. I'm an audiophile, so I mostly pay attention to rhythms, rap flow, and other aspects of a song rather than the lyrical content, but I've listened to this album many times so I can give each track reasonable judgement. Since I'm an audiophile, if a song has a sick rhythm and excellent rap flow, then you'll expect a perfect score from me, so don't rely on me on how much the album stays true to classic Dre content or whatever, because that's not me.
Intro 9/10: A simple intro explaining what Compton has turned into. It also has great background rhythm, which leads nicely into the next track.
Talk About It 10/10: A great start for the album. The rhythm is excellent and live, more like a club banger, but I think that's necessary for the start of a rap album. It needs to get the listener hyped.
Genocide 9/10: Great beat and excellent verse from Kendrick Lamar, and it's actually one of the few songs on the album with an old school flow.
It's All On Me 10/10: Another track with an old school flow, which I know is in retrospect of classic Dre content, which is its simplicity and verses. Sound excellent.
All In A Day's Work 10/10: It utilizes a very intriguing performance from Anderson .Paak, and it sounds excellent. It deserves a perfect score from me.
Darkside/Gone 8/10: Darkside sounds different. Very different. It's not the best sound but it still sounds good because it's unique. Gone is more simple. The tempo is low and the verses are a bit quick for the rhythm, but it was one the songs that drew my attention closer to the lyrics, and it sounds great. Not one of the better songs but still deserves a high score.
Loose Cannons 6/10: The rhythm is a little bit sloppy and too ongoing. Some sounds could've been cut to make it more simple. Lyrics are okay and the ending skit was good. The reason I did like the ending skit was because of the realism in it, or maybe I just watch too many movies. Idk but I saw it fitting to put on a performance for the ears.
Issues 10/10: Very good song. I love the rhythm and Ice Cube was very fired up on the track. I also love the chorus line from Dem Jointz. The ending with the shooting and cop chase sounds mixed with Dem Jointz singing kinda made me tear up. It sounded epic. LoL I know. I'm crazy, but I get goosebumps when songs do that.
Deep Water 11/10: Yes I know I put one point over the score limit, but this is my highlight of the album. Deep Water is a crazy good song. The rhythm is insane and Kendrick Lamar's verse gave me goosebumps.
One Shot One Kill 10/10: A fire track. Main reason is because the verses are easy flow with the rhythm, making the song quite fun.
Just Another Day 9/10: IT'S MOTHERF**KIN GAME TIIIIIME!!!!! Yeah, I guess whenever you hear something like that at the beginning of a song, then you know it's gonna be fire. This track was all The Game. I found it quite awkward that his voice was autotuned higher in the mid-point of the song, though. I don't know if it was really the Game who did that voice but I can't find any proof of anyone else on the track, so I just pretend that someone else did it to keep it from feeling awkward. Still love the verses, though. A short but fire track.
For the Love of Money 10/10: Old school flow, fire verses, and it all sounds incredible. That's pretty much all you need to know.
Satisfiction 7/10: Didn't grab my attention as much as the other tracks on the album but still sounds decent. The rhythm is pretty old school but it still didn't feel hard enough.
Animals 9/10: A lyrically intriguing song and another great performance from Anderson .Paak.
Medicine Man 10/10: I know there are a lot of people who like and don't like this track. This is mostly due to the chorus line and Eminem's verse. The chorus can be too simplistic for some listeners but for me, lyrically it was good. 'Doctor's orders, go f*ck yourself, take two a day set him on an overdose and kill yourself'. That's just telling it like it is right there. Most people don't enjoy Eminem's content today, and I can understand that just by comparing his old music with his new, but since I AM an audiophile, I simply don't give a damn. I love his music, old and new, and Eminem explodes on Medicine Man.
Talking to My Diary 10/10: Here we get to end with classic Dre style. An excellent, driving rhythm, a great performance from Dre, and an awesome ending instrumental. The perfect way to end an album.
This album is not for everyone. If you're an old school rap purist, then Compton may be forgettable, but for me, a person who just likes good music, Compton was a masterpiece. What Dre did right was his mixture of rhythms and verses, which puts on a great performance. There's really only one track on the album that I can bypass, which is Loose Cannons, so Compton is a nearly perfect rap Album.
9.5/10",1,1,"Feb  4, 2016"
7,"It's okay at best.  Gets corny at times especially with the skits.  But, Kendrick is a real bright spot throughout the album and leaves his mark on Compton.",1,1,"Aug 18, 2015"
6,"the album was good but was not what i expected from dr dre it sounded more like an deductive version of Good Kid mad city . the beats in songs like Its All On Me where the type of beats we where expecting from the legend . a modern beat with a touch of old school , but he failed to deliver in most of the songs. so my rating is bases on dr dre standard",1,1,"Aug 20, 2015"
10,"Corrected with spelling mistakes:
Well, I waited for this like you. I was expecting an next episode, it was all a dream. Yes the Kendricks tracks are cool however one thing I do know is this should have been as good as killer mike, ELP, Vince Staples and or 50 cent considering the time. This Album to me. as a consumer feels like Dre has delivered to the standard I expect, however if I was to listen to new ATL and CA rap I don't see this as a tour de force. TBH and IMO Kendricks has already done this, yes I understand he is very much featured on this album.I was expecting however that Kendric would haven been influenced by Dre, I dont expect the other way round! Songs like 'it's all on me' makes a difference but as rap exists ATM, its just a flash back ( good flash back). How it  is now, we have to consider twerking, chippy non stop, SchoolboyQ and Geasy.
I have longed for this album but as we all know 2002 was a long time ago
Every song is down to a legend but its not new school and the track that bring us back to old school are suggestive (you may not agree).",4,5,"Aug  7, 2015"
7,"With the album, Dre sounds reinvigorated and as if he's about to have a career resurgence when this is sadly his swan song. The production is varied and A1 , the mixing and mastering is incredibly crisp and the guest features do not waste their potential at all. Dre has a knack for mixing old school talent and new school talents, and he does this very well with this project (Honourable mention: Anderson .Paak). It is the most reflective, cohesive and  introspective The doctor has ever been. Yes ,there arent any definitive West coast bangers like 'Still D.R.E' or G Funk wildness of 'nothing but a G thing'. This is the work of a man who has matured enough to see his life events with different lenses and a man who was aware that no matter how much he worked on Detox, it would still not live up to the unreal hype. This is the work of somebody who is willing to embrace the old and the new and fuse it into something that's more fitting to his present situations, but without abandoning his roots: this album is still very West coast but more polished and gorgeously layered than his previous works. With that said, it is still his third best album in the trilogy. Is that a bad thing? No, it just means that the albums this album is competing with have had years to mature and have stood the test of time. However, all I can say for now to Dr Dre is, goodbye and thank you for the memories",3,4,"Aug  8, 2015"
8,"'Compton' is, obviously, far from the Old School gangsta vibes that characterized 'The Chronic' and '2001', but, somehow, as Dre has evolved continuosly along with the rap, being a producer of both New School and Old School, he has the ability to make here something, matter of fact, not different to whatever stuff other young producers make, but better done. I can definitely say that it has been better written than produced. It has a strong start, being the first 5 tracks my favorite ones of the album. All featured artists seem to be inspired by the fact of working with a legend like Dr. Dre, and they spit amazing verses, although I dont really dig at all the flows in most of the verses. Kendrick is the best collaborator in the album, as he appears in 3 songs making dope bars. Amazing Game and Snoop. Ice Cube doing his thing too. Em, as always, untouchable at his rhymes, but again using the same fast and hasty flow he has been using since Recovery, and that I cant **** with. But I feel like Dre keeps the themes of the songs really simple considering he may have a lot of **** to talk about after 16 years, mostly rapping about how proud he is of everything he has done and how much money he has gain and talking less about the 90s and his life itself. But actually 'Compton' serves as a good biography of himself, perfectly realized at the point of choosing the features, being mostly rappers and artists Dre has worked with thoughout his career, also being a big part of them born and raised in Compton, as it should be. I gotta admit that by looking at the collaborators and at the fact its been 16 years since Dres last album, I was expecting more of this one, but anyway, I find this to be a solid work and it accomplishes his function of being a good statement for Compton, and showing how this city has gave so much to the hip-hop, and still does.",5,7,"Aug  8, 2015"
10,"amazing project solid beats and raw rapping all comes together to make one of the best albums in a minute  Dre has mastered the sound of every generation a album filled with new talent and old the perfect blend of old school and new school Kendrick Lamar and Eminem  deliver two of the best verses on the album solute DR D.R.E!",10,15,"Aug  7, 2015"
9,"'Compton' delivers in all major categories - beats, lyrics and subject-matter. From the first listen I was hooked in and it truly feels like a soundtrack, or even a movie itself. The production reminds me of Kendrick Lamar's work (not surprising) and definitely has that good kid, m.A.A.d city (forgive me, I couldn't help the comparison) vibe to it across all levels. However it doesn't sound like a typical Dre album - there's no gangsta rap / G-funk sound like on 'Chronic' and '2001'. Luckily I didn't go into this album expecting that same sound Dre is renown for - it's 2015, times have changed in music. That doesn't change anything from the fact that the production is still top-notch and artistic. Despite this, I still would have wanted at least a couple signature Dre beats, which is why I resist from giving this album a 10 as a DR. DRE album. The closest song that comes to such a sound is 'Issues' featuring Ice Cube which still has that N.W.A. vibe to it regardless.
As for the guest appearances, every single one delivers something to the album, especially artists such as King Mez, Marsha Ambrosius, Justus, Jon Connor and Anderson Paak. Eminem delivers, as does Kendrick whose verses get better and better as the album progresses.
Don't go into this album expecting typical Dre beats and you'll be really impressed. Dre's sending off on a high, it really is, in his own words, a 'grand finale'.
FAVOURITE TRACKS: 'Darkside / Gone', 'Genocide', 'Issues', 'Loose Cannons', 'Deep Water', 'Satisfaction', 'Talk About It'",2,3,"Aug  8, 2015"
8,"Dark, gritty, funky, but rough around the edges.
+ Great Production
+ Kendrick's 3 verses add 2 points to this albums score.
+ collaboration with other artists are smooth and seamless and work great
+ Dre sounds powerful and obviously put a lot of work into this
- Dre is overshadowed by his features
- some hooks are hard to listen to, or just don't work
- Feels more like a Compton rapper + Eminem album then a Dr Dre joint",2,3,"Aug 14, 2015"
6,"I mean Yh it's good and everything but it's very far from chronic and 2001 level. People say give it time and don't compare it to them but how can you not. If he makes us wait 16 years for the **** it can't just be solid even if he didn't spend all that time working on it. If the whole album was as good as genocide and deep water I think then it would be acceptable because those songs are two of the best songs I've heard all year. Also, there seems to be a lack of Dre on the album, theres even 2 songs he's not even on. However, it's still a good record with plenty of lyrical throwbacks to spot, mostly great beats as dre is known for and sick features especially from Kendrick Lamar, King Mez and Xzibit (OH MY **** GOD ITS SO GOOD TO HEAR XZIBIT AGAIN). Eminem feature felt a bit unnecessary though and where is Hittman :'(",2,3,"Aug 12, 2015"
10,"Which other legend can find a way to balance old school hip-hop and modern day hip-hop!
This is simply just what the Doctor Ordered! I mean Kendrick, Eminem, King Mez, Ice Cube, Snopp all just killed this.",2,3,"Aug 10, 2015"
10,"I'm gonna keep it short. The production is hard-hitting and feels grand - you immediately feel that this is something huge. And you should, this is after all Dre's final album. And even though it's hard-hitting and pretty loud, it still has the laid-back west coast sound Dre is famous for. I assume the use of auto-tune will get some criticism, but I love it. It's not used to hide or cover up a bad voice, rather it's just a tool to give the music a specific sound and feel. In short, the production is glorious. Which one of course expects from a Dre album.
The lyrics is the weakest part of the album, but does not really matter. Dre's former work has never had groundbreaking bars and lines, but they are real, fosho. And if we count in the verses from the guest artists, like Eminem, Kendrick, Cube and even Snoop this the lyrics are with no doubt on par with all other rap these days.
God damn, Dre still got it. It's his final album, and he actually sounds hungry! This may be his last album, but I don't think this is the last we've heard from the The Watcher of The Rap Game.",2,3,"Aug  8, 2015"
10,"COMPTON by DR. DRE is perfect. One of the best rap albums I have ever heard, and one of the best albums I have ever heard. I didn't know music could be this good, but Dr Dre delivers.",2,3,"Aug  9, 2015"
10,"The Doc pulled out all the stops on this one. The beats are absolutely incredible and the performances of his guests are downright jaw-dropping; from lesser known artists like Jon Connor and King Mez to Dre's usual suspects Eminem, Kendrick Lamar and not to mention nostalgic collaborators like Snoop Dogg, Ice Cube and even Xzibit. And that's not to take away from the Doc himself, his flow is a good as its ever been, if not, better. Overall this a immaculately crafted album that hits all the right ways in ways that we wanted and even in ways we didn't know we wanted. This is the empathic grand finale that I'm sure the Doc meant it to be. He does not disappoint.",2,3,"Aug  9, 2015"
9,"This album bangs so hard! Dear people stuck in the past: get out of its **** you might actually enjoy the music ;)
Wouldn't have minded seeing Crooked I, Horseshoe G.A.N.G on there though tbh.",3,5,"Aug  9, 2015"
6,"Much has been said about the 16 years since Dre's last album. So far, nothing has been said about his age. Andre Young is fifty years old. He has apparently agonised over this record for years. For some time it became little more than a rumour, a figment of hip-hop's imagination, a dying wish from a lost age of rap. And then, all of a sudden it appears when least expected.
Whatever form it took through the years, the finished product is sorely lacking. It sounds like exactly what it is; a middle-aged mans version of what he believes rap should sound like today; the disappointing thing being, it fits in alongside so many other uninspiring, bland releases from similar artists today. Where once Dre was a leader, an artist who could sculpt new classics out of old, those edges have been dulled and there is very little to get excited about on his last album release. He criticised 'Detox' as an album he didn't think lived up to his own expectations and as the creator, he owns the right to that criticism. But there was clarity in some of that work because he was still submerged within the industry enough to understand the standards that met the bar he had raised in the past.
On 'Compton' he hits the sweetest spot with 'Genocide', a raw, abstract,  hard hitting beat torn up by Kendrick, followed by 'It's All On Me' which hints at glories of old and then the soulful 'All In A Day's Work', led by honest vocals of Anderson. Mostly the album sounds nondescript, indistinctive, just like a musician who has been concentrating on several other projects outside of the music world for the best part of a decade and a half. Dre's lyrics speak of being done with the game, the weight of expectation hanging on his shoulders. A decade ago, maybe. In 2015, not so much. People gave up waiting and the scene evolved, for better or for worse. Dre's music is no longer a torch bearer inside the game, his name speaks of stone cold classics from the past, not of a man forging a way forward. That remains in the hands of the next generation as always. Ask a midteen about him and you'll be pointed back to his collaborations with Snoop.
Sales of the album will be interesting to watch. After so long away the best thing to do would've been to remain prominent in the business world, rather than stepping back in time and falling into a bland middle ground. 'Compton' isn't a bad record, nor is it a good one. It just lingers in the worst kind of middle-ground unbefitting of a legend like Dr Dre. There will be a lot of hype and excitement surrounding this album as always on the net but once the dust settles and it fails to peak the imagination of the masses, it will go down as the weakest and most unimaginative of his releases.",5,10,"Aug  8, 2015"
10,"Fantastic album. Period.
Beats are on point as are the messages and stories woven throughout this Compton based epic. By adding Anderson Paak to the tracks, Dr. Dre introduces an upcoming artist to the world and builds upon his history of introducing the music industry to new talents (Snoop on The Chronic and Hittman/Eminem on 2001).",3,6,"Aug  7, 2015"
10,"Legitimately, all of the songs are amazing. The production, the lyrics, the beats, the soul, the emotions. Perfect final album. Straight outta Compton.",3,6,"Aug  7, 2015"
10,"This is a master-class in mastering and engineering, it's the best sounding album in years. Each track sounds dope ass hell, there's plenty more depth and content on this project than in The Chronic and Chronic 2001 combined, making it a great instalment in Dre's near perfect discography. The production is detailed and heavy and Dre's flow is better than ever before, all the features kill it, great album that was worth the wait. 10/10, just a shame we didn't get Nate Dogg or a 2015 N.W.A posse cut but nonetheless, a well put together body of work that reached the near impossible expectations we all had.",2,4,"Aug 10, 2015"
2,"I wanted RAP, what I got was an usher album. I will go back to listening to Tupac, at least he has an excuse for not delivering **** after 16 years. Dre should have just made an album of unreleased tracks from the 90s",2,4,"Aug 20, 2015"
9,"This is a solid album. You can play it without skipping any tracks. Any album you can play without skipping is a classic. This is a classic. I'm not saying that every song is my favorite but the album goes together very well. No skipping = CLASSIC!!!!!!!!!!",1,2,"Aug 11, 2015"
10,"This is Dre delivering the kind of album people have been waiting for. The vibe is totally different from 2001 and Chronic but equally as powerful. Dre brings in a variety of features that fit in seamlessly with the amazing production by the man himself. Excellent from start to finish.",2,6,"Aug  8, 2015"
10,"This  should be included among the best albums of the 21st century.... absolutely marvelous with kdot,cube and xibit...
kendrick killlleddddddd it as usual, Eminem .. ahhhhhh,
the production is classic....",1,3,"Aug 12, 2015"
3,"A mediocre project that warrants few listens to accomplish full understanding. Dr. Dre is, as always, a moral blank whos hardest efforts have forever created half decent projects with abhorrent lyrics; is back at it with a plucky list of guest stars who provide abysmal verse after abysmal verse. More so then anything, is how boring there contributions are, even Raps number one MC, Kendrick Lamar turns in his usual level verse making it interchangeable with many features of late. Its unbelievably uninspired considering his recent hot streak. Other A-lister Eminem continues his slow toilet flush of a descent with a tepid verse containing a rape line beyond desperate. The best production clearly comes from the hired help who obviously provide the meat to the beats whilst Dre slaps his name on to attain some credit he will not get with rapping. A poor project that sits nicely with Dr.Dres past abortions.",7,22,"Aug  8, 2015"
0,"My review was deleted?
Not going to bother writing it again.
Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah",1,4,"Aug 21, 2015"
9,"For those not old enough or familiar with Dre's early work, this may be a stretch for them.  But for those who know and love his work, it's another classic CD.  A+ work Dre.",1,4,"Aug 10, 2015"
8,"I am not the biggest fan of music but I grew up with pac, big, dre, nate, warren and the rest of the crew so I have been looking forward to more Dre since half a life time ago. Needless to say that I was the first to hit Apple when I heard the news.  I am incredibly disappointed by how whack the Album is.  It is full of fake ass Gs being supported by the heavies of the time.  This is not a problem by default, but the beats are whack.  I was poring over the album like a man who is falling desperate to cling onto a beat and there is none.   All this album is, is a rich man who gave up on music, and used his name as a platform for fake Gs (who no one will know tomorrow) to have their attempt at success because he made friends with them on set.  Even this, I have no problem with. It is very noble on Dres part not least because sales are being donated to a good cause.  However, this is about music and for me..... musically it is just awful.  :(",2,17,"Aug  9, 2015"
6,"In a very short critique, 'Compton' is a pretty good hip hop album but as a Dr. Dre album, I expect better. Dr. Dre is known as an innovative perfectionist, but most of all, Dr. Dre is a trend setter. Unfortunately, Dr. Dre follows more trends on this album then paving the way with his unique production style.
It is almost hard to knock the production because it is so well made, but it is not necessarily ground breaking or innovative either. There is a lot going on in regards of the musical side of things which is quite a lot different the simple funky re-created samples we are used to. The best tracks are the ones that use the well established Dre formula of having a more repetitive simplistic beats ('One Shot One Kill' and 'Just Another Day') instead of the bombastic instrumentals with a number of different sounds and beat changes.
It is hard to knock the album because it is in fact well made, but between Dre changing his vocal frequency, uninteresting autotuned hooks, and trend following instrumentals instead of genre paving production makes this Dre's worst album.",0,2,"Aug  9, 2015"
3,"You can try to annoint this as 'the sh*t' because of Dre. And when I began listening to it, I was ready for some fire! But there is not one single outstanding track on this, as if it was a promo CD for Straight Otta Compton or something. He has K.Dot on it, and its 'meh' and even Em appears on it, and his track is forgettable, Not sure what these people calling it a '10' are hearing-if they are hearing. Pass on this sh8t fo' sho'.",0,1,"Aug 23, 2015"
10,"The last stand. A what a last stand it is. Great job, Dr. Dre, it has been an honor listening to you throughout all these years, through the thick and thin.
Dr. Dre has managed to make an album where he sounds really hungry, and he decided to bring out some old school rappers such as Eminem, Snoop Dogg, Ice Cube, Xzibit, and even Kendrick! What's even more awesome, he appears on 3 tracks usually doing what he does best. Eminem was also insane on Medicine Man.
Don't compare this album to Dre's The Chronic or 2001, because this is something different. This is an album which talks his autobiography - about how Dre is proud for all he has done to the music industry, helped a lot of people, writing and producing, and did a lot of other good deeds in the past. Compton is easily Andre's third classic in 16 years. Even though it's his final album, I wish him a great future.
P.S. Forget Kendrick Lamar's TPAB, this is the rap album of the year.",0,1,"Aug 12, 2015"
0,"I've only casually heard bits and pieces of this album, but can we pause right there, why do we care a single cent about Dr. 'I just have everyone ghostwrite everything' Dre? Has he written(only allegedly) some good songs? Sure. 'Express Yourself' is about as party as you get from any song out there and the Chronic is basically hip hop's Nevermind. But can this guy just give up the ghost and start doing what he would rather do?  I imagine it's pretty much *anything* given how stagnant this album is. He probably likes chopping onions more than listening to this album. AND IT'S HIS.",0,37,"Aug 10, 2015"
3,"Dre isn't just your average producer in the history of Hip-Hop/Rap. The Chronic and 2001 were trailblazers for the West Coast rap scene. With those two albums Dr. Dre continued to reinvent the West Coast sound however this time round the sound was all too familiar, a sound that has already been done by other producers over the past couple of years and made the album underwhelming. Lyrically it wasn't any better - Dre and his ghostwriters failed to deliver noteworthy rhymes and the young brigade of artists that featured on this album didn't help the cause. I still ask myself why Dre didn't open the first song on the album strongly instead opting for King Mez spitting a Future-ish rap.  Maybe I am a tad too harsh however that was the bar that Dre set and for me the album failed on both fronts. Compton is an album that will descend in time after the current hype. It ain't no classic and now I understand why Dre himself canned the Detox project time after time.",0,1,"Aug 18, 2015"
9,"You've gotta know that this album is going to be quality from the start. Dre's beats are incredible, and synchronized well for the times. If Chronic was all Snoop, if 2001 was all Eminem -- Compton is definitely all Kendrick. His features scattered throughout vibe with Dre the best, but every track is meticulously produced.",0,1,"Aug 31, 2015"
10,"An incredible album that may be worthy of being called a masterpiece.  Compton fuses some modern production values with real rap, none of the top-40 garbage that relies on mindless lyrics over big beats.  Every song is on point - nothing feels wasted or boring.  Dre even brings back some of the little skits that he and Eminem used on several albums back in the 90s and early 2000s.  Guest appearances abound, and they all are incredible, with the list including Kendrick Lamar, Xzibit, Eminem, Ice Cube, Snoop Dogg and several others.  Compton will easily be Grammy-worthy and could stand as the most important album for rap/hip-hop for years to come.  Topping an album this good may not be possible - Dre has made himself relevant again for both long-time fans and young listeners alike.",0,0,"Aug 17, 2015"
9,"A fitting testament to an illustrious career in music and a reminiscent finish to an epic hip hop trilogy. Is this perfection? No. But should we have expected that. Certainly not. This is Dr. Dre simply doing what he loves and having fun while he does it. An album stuffed with production finesse which at times may seem overproduced but the technical beast that is Dre manages to mesh these elements seamlessly. The features throughout this project deliver their A games including a host of new up and coming artists like Anderson.Paak & Candica Pillay. There are experimental bangers for anyone keen on hearing what Detox may have offered, introspective and heartfelt numbers and a flurry of hard new age NWA style rawness (a fitting theme). The songwriting for Dr. Dre was very good despite Dre adopting others' flows and rhyme schemes rather than adapting his own. This album has a little something for everybody and any fan of the good Doc should not have any real problems with this album. If you did, then you forgot about Dre 16 years ago my friend. 2015 belongs to a small town named COMPTON.",0,0,"Aug 15, 2015"
7,"An album which has the classic and distinctive sound of Dr Dre. The album has many guests which feature great verses. Compton overall is a strong album with a few great tracks and a lot of pretty good to alright tracks.",0,0,"Dec 24, 2015"
8,"Compton wasn't what I expected, but it's a fantastic final album for Dre. I thought his last album would be similar to his first two, hopefully with newer versions of 'The Next Episode', 'The Watcher', etc. It truly is a soundtrack for the city of Compton, with the grandiose production and Compton-themed songs. It pains me to say this, but I thought Dre's rapping hurt several tracks. His artistic vision, influence, and experience make this project what it is, however. There are quite a few flaws stemming from the general clutter on the album, with so many features and differing styles. Regardless, Dre did what many fail to do: he ended his legendary rapping career with a great album. ~ 8.4/10
Best track: 'Just Another Day'
Other notable tracks: 'Genocide', 'It's All On Me', 'Deep Water', 'One Shot One Kill', 'Medicine Man' & 'Talking To My Diary'",0,0,"Nov 27, 2015"
8,"Dre promised the world 'Detox', but that was scrapped and many years later we were given 'Compton'. Based on the two singles released for 'Detox' a couple years back, I'd say we should count ourselves lucky.
'Compton' was inspired by the set of the 'Straight Outta Compton', and **** am I excited to see that movie now that I've heard this. From the beginning of track 2 to the end of 16, this is a collection of great music with awesome features. It's old news that Dre may not completely write every word he spits himself, and I say who cares. Sure he's not an elite MC in that aspect, but **** does this guy have an eye for talent, new and old. Features such as King Mez, Anderson .Paak, Ice Cube, Xzibit, Snoop Dogg and obviously Eminem and Kendrick Lamer, and ther are several new names people are going to check or more after hearing them on this project.
Deffinetly my favorite tracks are 9. Deep Water (feat. Kendrick Lamar, Justus & Anderson .Paak) and 15. Medicine Man (feat. Eminem, Candice Pillay & Anderson .Paak). Kendrick and Eminem just have such hard verses on there they quickly became my most played off the album. But the absolute best part of the album for me was hearing Dre brag in the line 'I was getting money before the Internet, still got Eminem cheques I ain't opened yet' as soon as I heard that line the first time I just lost it.
In conclusion this album has some serious beats, great verses and that Dr. Dre sound and production that brings them all together. I don't think 'Compton' is something anyone saw coming especially for a 50 year old rapper, and then this guy turns around and does something even wilder. Dre is donating all of his artist royalties from this album to fund an Arts Center in Compton. Take that, those who blame everything on gangster rap. Anyways, 'Compton' is one of the stronger albums of 2015, and if you're a rap fan, you'll find something you'll like on it. Hopefully this bodes well for 'Straight Outta Compton'.",0,0,"Sep 13, 2015"
9,"Fantastic Album! A somewhat unanticipated departure from the long awaited Detox album, 'Compton: A Soundtrack' is a pleasing amalgamation of Old-School hip hop sounds and ambitious new school beats all with the production quality you would expect from such a prolific figure in the music industry. Excellent!",0,0,"Aug 27, 2015"
10,"Where was Dre for 16 years? He was taking his time to perfect the beat!Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got something to say, but nothing comes out when they move their lips, just a bunch of gibberish and motherfu****s act like they forgot about Dre. Was true in 99 and is still true today. This album is whitout any doubt a more than satisfying return for him. His beats are crafted like a masterpiece, the invited artists all have their place and the album is coherent which is rare nowadays. The album will please both old school and new school hip hop fans with artists from all generations. Even if its new schoolish, it is not a fake swagger album like Young thug for example, it is high quality west coast hip hop. Nothing bad to say about it, perfect grade.",0,0,"Oct  6, 2015"
10,"Compton is a fantastic album with extremely well written lyrics that are very catchy and of course seeing dr dre produced this the beat in every song is head bop inducing.
10/10 buy this album if you are a fan of quality rap music.",0,0,"Aug 23, 2015"
10,"muy buen ultimo lbum de dr dre. hizo una buena despedida jhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhtgfr6edrtfgyhujolikujhytgfredfrtgyhjuhytgfredfrtgyhujhytgfrdghjgh",0,0,"Aug 21, 2015"
10,"great album, good story, its comed fro dr.dre best producer, thx for your work dre
he spend to much time on it, thtat why nice music and good lyrics",0,0,"Sep 22, 2015"
10,"Great album, with great features, filled of talents, great songs, Snoop and Dre singing again together, with the music from the movie straight outta Compton, great lyrics about the life of Dre with the rest of the NWA integrants.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2015"
6,"I didn't suppose that he would give us an album in this year. Everyone waited for 'Detox', but we have got 'Compton'. It's interesing music, but I'm not a big fan of this album. :)",0,0,"Dec 20, 2015"
10,"Initially I was blown back by the difference in sound from 2001 and almost didn't listen to it. After getting over the fact hip hop has evolved massively in 16 years I gave it another go......Dre........You are still KING. My favorite of your works yet and cant stop listening to it. I challenge an Dre fan who criticizes this work to listen to it once a day for four days in a row and if it doesn't start working its magic on you by then. It never will and I feel for you as this is AMAZING.....Nuff Said",0,0,"Jan 11, 2016"
8,"Dr. Dre's first album of the twenty-first century succeeds by bringing together exceptional artists, everything we love about Dre, and a prevalent updated sound.",0,0,"Mar  2, 2016"
10,"I really like the way Dr. Dre diverse his sound with what is poppin' today. It shows his versatility as a producer and that's the main reason why i like this album so much!!!",0,0,"Mar 22, 2016"
8,"8.0
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz",0,0,"Aug  9, 2016"
8,"Compton has a unique style compared to Dre's classic g-funk records. Dre explores a more modern sound, with both eclectic and old school influences. Production in this album is excellent; it's amazing to see Dre adapt so well to modern hip-hop after not releasing a record in 16 years. He uses a wide variety of samples and production styles to create a refined yet gritty sound. While Dre features a lot of artists, this is his style. Dre's always been more of a producer than a rapper, but he allows featured artists to shine while not stealing his spotlight. However, his verses on this album are some of the best he's ever rapped. Since this album is supposed to be his final act, he touches on many subjects which he is able to rap wholeheartedly about. The variety in sound throughout the album contributes to its cohesiveness, rather than taking away from it. If you're just a hip-hop fan in general, I would highly recommend listening to this album",0,0,"Jun  3, 2016"
9,"I'm glad Dr. Dre waited sixteen years to give this to us. I really am. Detox may finally be officially over, but with the release of Compton, that's no matter at all. In the decade and a half since 2001, Dre's sophomore solo effort, Hip-Hop has undeniably changed. The 90's where crammed to the rafters with hardcore rap - The Wu-Tang, Nas, just to name a few - but now, that isn't the case. Newcomers have tried new things; you'd never have caught a rapper singing on his albums before 2008, but Kanye did it, and then so did Drake, which resulted in R&B and Hip-Hop merging into one untidy mess. The era that Dre first made music in has long gone, and Compton makes a clear point at why this is a good thing. (Don't worry, there's no sappy R&B here though)
I didn't like The Chronic. I didn't like 2001, besides a few of the better songs I picked out of it. (And it always confuses me why he called it that when it came out in 1999, only two years prior to the album title. Sure, you can name your album anything you like, but if you're going to title it a year that hasn't yet arrived, why not call name it  a year that won't come and pass in such a short space of time?) Because this album is so sonically departed from the last two, and the topics are more serious, (less about smoking weed every day, for starters) I can easily say I really like this album. The beats are modern and heavily layered. The verses feel energized - Dre has an entirely new, almost unrecognizable flow. If there's ever a time where you want to hear him spit poison from his bared fangs, look at 'Genocide'. The beat is perfect here - it captures the atmosphere violently, powerfully. The steadily lowering bass line feels like it's shuddering down your spine. Dre unleashes an unseen fury, backed up by the one and only Kendrick Lamar, who seems to be using his To Pimp A Butterfly voice with his good kid, m.A.A.d city subject matter. Could it get any better? Speaking of Kendrick, all of the features on Compton all live up to expectations, showcasing both new talent (Anderson .Paak, Justus, and King Mez, the newcomers who are all scattered across the writing credits of the entire 16 songs of the album) and old talent from Dre's time (Ice Cube comes through with a verse, and Snoop Dogg is angrier than we've heard him in a long time). Kendrick delivers three solid verses on three tracks ('Genocide', 'Darkside/Gone', and 'Deep Water') and Eminem can be found right on the back end of 'Medicine Man'.
Here's the thing with Eminem - we've already mentioned that Hip-Hop has drastically changed since Dre's time. Eminem proves the point harder than most - on 2001 we heard  his 1999 nasally, pipsqueak, but still very compelling flow that was to be found on The Slim Shady LP and a few other places, like the Sway & King Tech posse cut. Now, we have his Shady XV, 40-year-old angry shout, the rage slowly building up from a calmness that I hoped would last, but didn't.
Dre claimed that the inspiration for the album came from watching 'Straight Outta Compton' the 2015 bio-film titled after N.W.A.'s 1988 debut album. It seems cliche, but it works; the album talk of Compton street violence and N.W.A. comes out fresh and re-polished, even after so many years. You can tell Dre misses N.W.A., especially Eazy-E, who succumbed to AIDS in 1995 after the group had fallen apart. A twenty year old Eazy voice sample is used for a spectacular beat switch on Darkside/Gone; 'Eazy-E, CPT, OG from the other side' brilliant. Two decades down and Eazy still kills it from the grave.
Another reason I'm glad Dre waited so long for Compton is because it feels like it's also inspired by so many things since the 90's, musically and otherwise. In terms of the music inspirations, I was drawing comparisons between good kid, m.A.A.d city and this album. Not the impeccable, genius, personally narrative flow that GKMC has, but it feels musically inspired by Kendrick's masterpiece, which isn't surprising due to Kendrick's appearances on this album, Kendrick and Dre's outside affiliation, and the fact both albums are set in Compton, Los Angeles. The the beats on both 'Genocide', and also 'Satisfiction', remind me of Chance The Rapper's 'Paranoia' in the way that the sound almost draws you completely into the realm of the artist, and makes the lyrics feel so much heavier, with a much harder punch. But atmospheric music all we get; lines like 'I lie on the side of a one way street / Nowhere to go, death all I can see' definitely wouldn't fit on the celebratory horns of 'Talk About It' which instead houses the lines 'I said I want it all! / Damn, I'm too old, I forgot I got it all.' Dre just bought California. 9.0/10",0,0,"Jun 24, 2016"
10,"Paul White has a low profile but has made some of the most exciting beats in the last five years. Apart from his solo work, his production for Danny Brown is incredible. Finally he's hooked up with an emcee for a whole album. Eric Biddines may be new to us, but listening to this he's clearly honed his skills over a long period of time. He's a blue collar rapper who took the bus to the studio. It's refreshing to hear someone this talented being so devoid of the usual hooey that plagues albums this good.
Comparisons to early Outkast fit well. Paul's immense production, Eric's Southern flow, and the feeling like you're getting in on the ground floor of something that's going to be huge.
Pretty much every track is a standout, but you want the best three? OK. Auntie Pearl's House, It's Over and Down South Boogie.
If I had to pick one more, it would have to be Don't Be A **** for Nirvanafreak (review below)",2,3,"Aug 21, 2015"
10,"I bought this album a couple weeks ago and it gets better with each listen. Eric Biddines laces Paul Whites tracks to perfection. Down South Boogie, Don't Be, and Golden Ticket are stand out tracks. But the whole album is cohesive and each song has its own infectious quality. Any comparison to Andre 3000 is overstated, voices are somewhat similar but that's it. Buy this album, you will enjoy it.",2,3,"Aug 26, 2015"
6,"If you came here from the dick above remember I'm not being a **** this is just my opinion. This would have been better if it was just a five track EP. That would have been dope as **** I mean this isn't bad but it doesn't really sound very fresh *coughcoughOutkastcoughcough*. Mos Def feature is really unenergetic it doesn't sound like he wants to be on it. Oh Yh and I think there's a bit on Talkin' Bout where Andre...I mean the lead guy says 'Im hoping nobody steals my flow'. I mean is that a joke or.... But as I said I did really like 5 tracks this album worked best when it was just really funky. It never really got better than the first track though.",0,4,"Aug 22, 2015"
10,"One of the best and most slept-on records of the last few years. Paul White's production is funky, soulful, and unique and Eric Biddines can sing as well as he raps. Great songwriting too. It does call back to that southern 90s rap sound but you can't imagine this coming out back then. Favourite tracks: Auntie Pearl's House, It's Over, Golden Ticket.",0,0,"Feb 23, 2016"
7,"The debut LP from Atlanta rap trio Migos proves that the group knows exactly what it's doing. They have a style, and they stick with it throughout the whole album. The simplistic, bass-heavy beats and comical raps are enough to be entertaining throughout the album, even though missteps like the Chris Brown-featuring 'Just For Tonight' don't have much to offer. Regardless, 'Yung Rich Nation' is a solid album that gives rap fans something to remember the eccentric trio by.",1,1,"Aug  8, 2015"
0,"Straight up a let down. Three tracks play the same recycled up-beat 'gangsta' tune over which he raps about how hardocore he is. I ain't even a hater. I like Gunplay, but I can also be objective in my judgement. The lyrics are most disappointing cliched trash.",0,2,"Oct 11, 2015"
3,"This is the same band that made It Takes A Nation Of Millions To Hold Us Back. Just think about that for a second. I like Public Enemy but their attempt to modernise their sound is messy and forgettable.",1,2,"Aug  5, 2015"
10,"Public Enemy might be the one group we need most right now. Fantastic album.
(Public Enemy's New album is the most under appreciated album so far this year, people really have forgotten who the legendary originators are if it wasn't for people like P.E Half of today's Hip Hop artists wouldn't exist they paved the way for so many artists and created a platform for the Kendricks, Lupes, and Kanyes to run with. P.E sparked a revolution which a lot of today's artists are still speaking on today. It's time to show respect to the pioneers instead of just forgetting them when the next big thing arrives cause if anything they're the ones which started it all off.)",0,2,"Aug 19, 2015"
8,"Future's DS2 is a great album, and his first one at that. The first noticeable improvement over his previous two projects, Pluto and Honest, is that it is more consistent. No song is above an 8.5/10, but fortunately, no song is below 7/10 either, whereas Honest had Future's best track to this date ('Move That Dope') and his worst ('I Be U') and Pluto had some outright weak tracks. This is what prevented Pluto and Honest from being great. No matter how impressive DS2's consistency was, my favorite thing about DS2 is its production. Though DS2 'bangs' like nearly all other trap albums, the production here is definitely more experimental than that of Pluto and Honest and most other trap albums. Though I didn't love a few of the tracks' production nearly as much as the others, for the most part it has the most impressive production on a trap album I've heard in a while. Though each song might sound relatively similar with its heavy basslines, rattling hi-hats and sharp snare drum hits (which is what you would expect from a trap artist) what sets each track apart is its instrumentation. 'Thought It Was a Drought' is based off of an electric guitar and glockenspiel loop, 'I Serve the Base' is based off of a video game-esque vibrato bassline, 'Where Ya At' contains an echoing banjo riff, 'Slave Master' being arguably the most cinematic song of the album, with its looped strings, 'Rich $ex' containing breathy vocals and 'Blood on the Money' reminiscent of a synth-string and reverbed piano ballad of the 1980s. Even lyrically, Future has improved. If Pluto was a full display of Future's prowess as an astronaut, it can be divided into two sections, Honest, his emotional side and DS2, the side of him that never wants to stop taking drugs. Along with the improved druggy aesthetic that DS2 brings to the table reminiscent of Live.Love.A$AP by A$AP Rocky, his rhymes and subject matter have seriously improved. Though he still isn't mindblowing lyrically, he definitely has improved since Pluto and Honest. Also, DS2 is the most original Future project to date: though some of the trap instrumentals and lyrics are similar to what other rappers are doing today, Future brings a druggy aesthetic to the table with experimental instrumentation that I haven't seen since Live.Love.A$AP. Overall, this is a must-listen for all fans of Future, and trap in general. Grade: B+. Highlights: 'Thought It Was a Drought', 'Where Ya At', 'Groupies', 'Rotation', 'Blood on the Money'. Worst song: 'Freak Hoe'",1,1,"Jul 25, 2015"
7,"dope album but 56 nights better. Commas is good, thought it was a drought, serve the base, one of the sizable amount of dope joints on here. some are A bit monotonous for my liking. and yes bark, I'm from rap genius",1,1,"Aug  6, 2015"
10,"Amazing, such a beautifully constructed album. Future be dropping those flames man, the heat is intense within DS2. Although, it is not as good as 56 Nights",1,1,"Feb 11, 2016"
10,"Not another Future album will top Dirty Sprite 2, this was an outstanding album. Non-stop bangers, awesome hooks, and Future's grimy voice makes the tune more unique. Love it.",1,1,"Feb 15, 2016"
10,"1. If you're from rap genius you're woat
2. Future is a genius
3. DS2 is a great album, where Future goes back to his roots and displays his ability with legendary quotables
4. Metro Boomin is a genius",11,12,"Jul 22, 2015"
10,"By far best project by Future, beats are even better than they used to be. Lyrics are nothing special but that's not what it's about when talking about Future. 10/10 album.",7,9,"Jul 21, 2015"
10,"Everything you want from a Future album, done properly. Took his recent mixtapes and built upon them while still staying in the lane that his fans know and love. The people rating this a 0 are not fans of this type of music and thus are not giving this LP a proper review, as they are judging it from their narrow perspective of what they believe music should be.",3,4,"Jul 23, 2015"
7,"Okay Dirty Sprite 2 is a good album, but nothing phenomenal. DS2 is very consistent it opens up with good tracks like Thouht it was a Drought to Where Ya at. The album seems to die down a bit, but not too much with tracks like Colossal, Freak Hoe and Stick Talk. DS2 has amazing beats and Future uses them to the fullest, the album is good without features expect Drake who was good. The best tracks are Blood on the Money, Rich $ex, Blow a Bag and Thought It Was a Drought. This is a good Future album though it doesn't have stellar tracks like move that dope or Same damn but this is growth of Future and a Good album.",1,2,"Jul 23, 2015"
0,"It's absolute **** Quite possibly the worst album I've ever listened to in my entire life.Sounds just like every other mixtape some guy's giving away for free on the streets.",2,8,"Jul 23, 2015"
0,"Just like every other trap album that there is out there. Pure garbage. I'm going back to listening to legendary albums such as Madvillainy by Madvillain and Below the Heavens by Blu and Exile.",1,19,"Jul 22, 2015"
9,"Sonically, this is the greatest pure trap album of all time and pretty close to being a classic. So many people judge trap albums (and gangsta rap albums, as well) because of subject matter, but trap artists' music reflects their reality. Their subject matter can't be judged simply because a listener doesn't live like this (some of these feelings certainly stem from lowkey racism). This is an astoundingly consistent album packed with good songs with a couple standouts mixed in. I was worried when I saw there was one feature on this album. It's always a bold move on a rap album, but it paid off for Future. He's clearly mastered his distinctive, trap ATL sound with help from Metro Boomin, Sonny Digital, Zaytoven, Southside, etc. DS2 is prime mixtape Future, with not a single attempt at mainstream crossover pop success. As he says on I Serve The Base, they tried to make him a pop star, but they made a monster.
~ 8.8/10 ~ including deluxe tracks: 8.9/10
Best track: 'Groupies'
Other notable tracks: 'Thought It Was A Drought', 'I Serve The Base', 'Where Ya At', 'Stick Talk', 'Trap **** 'Kno The Meaning' & **** Up Some Commas'",0,0,"Aug 17, 2015"
10,"1. Barrk is fgt who won't 1v1 me rust
2. Ktt is all that matters now, the meek drake thread 14 x more active than RG LMAO
3. That reviewer who gave this album a 1/5 stupid as **** and think they're cute saying 'the future is as bleak as Future'  ****ing **** don't understand music
4. Album is 8.5 out of 10 but giving a 10 to balance out all the backpackers giving it 0 bc its future
FUTUREHIVE ****",0,0,"Jul 22, 2015"
4,"Future really pushed the listener on this one. And guess what, its not in a good way. 1 hour of future is too much especially when there is only one feature. Theres not really any emotion in his voice and some of these lyrics are just ridiculous (his fans seem to just give him a pass on that -_____-) its like he wants to be made into a meme .I've heard some people call him Future Hendrix and i don't know if thats a joke or not i really hope it is.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2015"
7,"This album really grew on me, I'd still say that Beast Mode and 56 Nights are superior projects, but this album is a serious trip down codeine lane and I loved (almost) every moment of it.",0,0,"Jul 26, 2015"
3,"Just a garbage, every song sounds the same. I only like Where Ya At, Blow a Bag and F*ck Up Some Commas. Every song is produced by Metro Boomin and sounds simply, and it's boring!",0,0,"Sep 11, 2015"
9,"Every beat that was placed on DS2 was near perfection. Future digs deep into the new Southside sound and provides his fans a great album. Only people who should have a critical review of this album are actual trap fans. You 0 raters have got to respect other genres of rap or just rap in general. If you didn't like this album at least respect it.
every track is great.",0,0,"Oct 19, 2015"
9,"Personally, it comes no. 2 in my favorite future projects (beast mode coming 1), but it is a cleaner, refined sound and future comes both in a explosive yet controlled manner and shows the mind state of  a man coming off a successful 3peat of impressive mixtapes. 2015 has been a good year for mr hendrix",0,0,"Sep 12, 2015"
6,"Future has an untouchable style, to give him that, but this is just production carrying him through it all. He has a lot of potential as he has flow and personality but he needs to be understandable to start. Overall good production. Future has potential.",0,0,"Dec  7, 2015"
8,"This is a pretty great album. Future's album is pretty dope. From songs like Where Ya At to Blow A Bag, this is an album mainly directed at trap-rap fans.",0,0,"Jun  1, 2016"
8,"Heliocentrics.
'From The Deep'         !!!
Helio       Malcolm Catto.  groove            jazz/funk/hip-hop.
'From The Deep'     jazz        electronica  hip-hop  funk       .
jazz.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2016"
10,"Amazing Album!
Macy Gray is just the cherry on the top. Galactic makes excellent modern funk that moves my soul.
My favourite tracks: 3. 'Into the Deep', 6. 'Right On' and 9. 'Does It Really Make a Difference'.",0,0,"Aug 17, 2015"
10,"an incredible sequel to his awesome original. the guests he has on here flow nicely with the production and ghostface himself. ghostface has built a career off making incredible music. this is yet another classic added to his discography.",0,0,"Apr 17, 2016"
8,"An excellent followup to the original, with more fresh story sequences that are heavily entrenched in the themes of family and family values.  A part three is probably not out of the question.",0,0,"Mar  2, 2016"
8,"Statik can put any kind of beat to a track, mix it, and they'll be nice. Varied styles and flavors. I prefer his harder, 'grimier' beat to go hard on-which this album does not have much of. There is alot of light-almost jazzy base to alot of the tracks on this album. However, some of the MC's styles don't really match the beats selected-leaving me to wonder...'where is that hard sh*t?'",0,0,"Jul 12, 2015"
10,"'Lucky 7' is incredibly consistent in the quality of the instrumentals and rhymes from the contributing artists which vary from good to excellent. Statik Selektah's beats are usually similar, consisting of boom-bap drums, scratches and soul samples-however they never sound uninspired and fabricated. The style of production is similar, but there are variations in the drum patterns and samples, along with the featured artist and the concepts they bring to a record. 'Lucky 7' harkens back to the 90s era of Hip-Hop, in a way Selektah is carrying on DJ Premiers legacy in terms of reviving a classic NY sound that has been missing for a while. The featured artists consist of long-time collaborators and Rap legends such as Bun B, Smif-n-Wessun, Talib Kweli, Royce da 5'9, Sean Price, Joey Bada$$, CJ Fly, Kirk Knight, A$AP Twelvyy, Action Bronson, Ab-Soul and many more, but there are also some newcomers consisting of Mick Jenkins, Your Old Droog, Big K.R.I.T. and Dave East to name a few. 'Lucky 7' is essentially a compilation album comprised of great tracks featuring the most talented rap artists of today, bringing top notch lyricism and energy to detailed soulful and occasionally grimy NY production (especially on the track 'Murder Game'). This is probably Statik Selektah's best album to date and if it really is his last, it's definitely a powerful final statement...Hip-Hop is alive and well.",0,0,"Jul 19, 2015"
10,"Amazing album, Wayne brings it once again. This album is filled with amazing punchlines, deep subject matter, great flows, and flawless production. Wayne's best project since S4TW2.",21,33,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"very pleasing album from start to finish, can't really find a bad spot on it. tho 'im that **** wasn't the best song ever it was still listenable. i can get with this album. can't wait to play it in the whip and at a party.",5,5,"Jul  9, 2015"
10,"great lyrics, great flows, great beats, great features. overall just a great  album. i modern day classic. one of the best albums to drop in a while. rap was dying with hopsin barely keeping it alive but wayne helping now.",3,3,"Jul  9, 2015"
10,"I usually hate Lil Wayne, but after listening to this album, I realised what was wrong with my life and changed the way I think. I was a 13 years old white boy from Mississippi who always listened to country and now I live in the Bronx as a black 25 years old.",3,3,"Jul 13, 2015"
10,"Just an incredible concept album about a man who views himself in chains and barred by the harshness in society, who wants to be free. Can't wait for To Pimp a Weezy",2,2,"Jul  9, 2015"
10,"The album should have a metascore between 75 - 90, not 58. I think 58 is not the right metascore for Free Weezy Album. No promote but look at the commercial performance of the album, million of downloads in just first 24 hours despite Lil Wayne doesn't promote this album much. Its single isn't a commercial performance, too but why this album gain lots of downloads? It's at the quality of this album. Great voice, lyrics and beat. 'Glory', the lead single is a masterpiece. If the album sell on iTunes, it could next Lil Wayne hit after Tha Carter IV and Tha Carter III. Wait for Lil Wayne since IANAHB II, a garbage from Lil Wayne, disappointed of the delayed of Tha Carter V, hope for him since Sorry 4 The Wait 2. Guest apperances are good, too. Wiz Khalifa, Cory Gunz or Euro, they are both do the good job in this album. I don't know this is album or mixtape but just one thing I can say, this is the best hip hop album of 2015. Can't wait for Tha Carter V! F**k Cash Money! 10/10",2,2,"Jul  9, 2015"
10,"This album is way better than Beezus or Feminem. The only artist currently that can compete with this album is probably Hopsin, G-Eazy, Macklemore, Birdman, Immortal Technique, and Tech n8ne. Thats it. This album is the second greatest hip hop album ive ever heard, and ive only heard 4!",5,6,"Jul  9, 2015"
10,"doooope album sooooo dope man wayne you done it once again you blew my mind out of the water i love everything that he does and this is just another classic album # 15 for wayne every song is sooooooooo goooooood.",4,5,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"this album is very very smooth some chill tracks some bangers some love **** great balance on this album. he also raps about the cops and black people problems on a trask which is also dope as **** great job wayne.
i admit as a hopsin fan this album was a huge surprise to me.",4,5,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"Weezy fukd my beech Weezy fukd my beech Weezy fukd my beech Weezy fukd my beech Weezy fukd my beech Weezy fukd my beech Weezy fukd my beech Weezy fukd my beech Weezy fukd my beech",4,5,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"i personally think the critic score does not reperesent this album at all. its at leas a 90/100. it's a 100 for me but it shouldn't be any lower then a 90.
anyways this album is great, the concept is insane and waynes bars are fianlly back. i love this album so much. THANK YOU WAYNE.",4,5,"Jul  9, 2015"
10,"Album is so creative and so different from anything you've heard from Wayne before.  His most complete and best album since Tha Carter III.  And this is coming from someone who was starting to give up on Wayne after all the lackluster projects he's put out,",10,13,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"As an esteemed rap fan and heavy stan of 90's hip-hop, I went into this expecting garbage, and that's how it seemed to me on first listen. But after several more listens, it grew on me so much that it just surpassed Kendrick's To Pimp A Butterfly as the best album of 2015 for me.",12,16,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"Amazing album. Way better than to pimp a butterflie, pinata, illmatic xxx, nas is dead and all those other albums that people are prasing from this year so why hate? just wow.",6,8,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"I love david so much, but he really doesnt care for me. he usually ignores me. he mostly just humors me. that isnt cool. but i will always love him. he is so chill and cool",3,4,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"this is a very nice album overall every song is dope and every feature brought they same for every Producer. while wayne isn't at prime level he is very close to it and still better then 95% of rappers on this album.",3,4,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"WAYNE IS A LEGEND! stop ahting on the man just because he made it on his own. that's no reason to diss his mixtapes and albums you jealous haters, go suck ur own d.",3,4,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"damn i smoked so many kush to this music, i smoked more kush to this music then i did to the schoolboy q music. this album almost as good as Dedication four and five and I am not human 2. great album wezzzyyyy.",3,4,"Jul  9, 2015"
10,"Its great. It wasnt bad line after bad line after bad line, like IANAHB2.
To conclude, its Weezys best album since Tha Carter III. Tunechi sounds sober, his tracks are cohesive, his flows have improved, and I am personally excited for Tha Carter V.",10,14,"Jul  8, 2015"
0,"Terrible album, Wayne disappointed once again. This album is filled with corny punchlines, overused subject matter, choppy flows, and poppy production. Wayne's worst project since Tha Block Is Hot.",5,7,"Jul  9, 2015"
10,"I love this album, wayne is finally able to be creative again and make great music again now that he is off of Cash money who really held back his Creativity. this album is one of the best of 2015 and a classic imo.",11,16,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"This is one of my favoritre albums ever for a reason. In my opinion, its Wayne's best project. He brings everything you'd want from a rap album, from amazing beats (who as the beatmaker btw? this is fantastic) to very clever rhymes. Check this one out!",11,16,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"i hoenstly feel this is one of his best albums to date, he kills every song on here he sound hungry agian from the cash money beef. i really love this album one of the best of the decade. Wayne you the king.",4,6,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"fantastic album. full of great wity lines and dope hooks and dope verses and great production. wayne really surprised me on this album i thought he had fallen off i didn't even want to listen to this but damn i'm glad i did listen to it.",4,6,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"Another classic masterpiece by the man, Lil Wayne. Your favorite rapper, be it Eminem, Kanye or Nas, likely looks up to the man, and its for a reason. Wayne's been killing it since he was 15 until now in 2015. DONT SLEEP ON THIS!",4,6,"Jul  8, 2015"
9,"A stunning return to form with his creative shackles finally free from the Cash Money conglomerate. With several concept songs and sharp performances, the Rapper lil Wayne reminds the world why he was once so feared. No longer do we have the days Wayne would spit line after Iine of charming eccentric raspy witticisms but a more conscious, controlled and sharp rapper whose only faults stem from often a subject matter the squeamish are unable too handle. A formidable madman Wayne remains.",2,3,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"DAMN DOPE ABLUM BRUOHHHHH, I SMOKED SO MUCH TO IT. i was so interested in his lyrics bruh, he was really rapping about stuff and not stupid **** like weed and girls bro.",2,3,"Jul  9, 2015"
10,"this album is a masterpiece, album of the decade to me man. i'm from compton so i know how wayne came up through the streets. this album is so awesome!!!!! way better then to crap a **** buy kendrakewannabe lamear. nice album weezy.",2,3,"Jul  9, 2015"
10,"You may know me as one of the most popular users on the Rap Genius forums. Truth be told, I've been dissing this album for days without having heard it, but now that I did, its one of my favorites this year and definitely a 10.",9,14,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"great album full of great songs and lyrics. ignore the troll reviews by **** websites like Exclaim who are just trolling for click bait, this album is the return to waynes prime and it's his best album since the carter III a pure classic with no bad songs.",14,22,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"Why the **** are people hating on this? A 3, a 7??? really? I dont normally listen to rapper music but this is easily the best i've heard, that's why im rating it a 10.",6,10,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"insane lyricals, bro i smoked so mannie dank weed plants to this bruh i cant even stopppp smiling right now holy **** im so high listening to this and its so dope bruh i can smoke like 4 grams of Reggie to this man. ty wayne.",3,5,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"great album, best of the year so far yes even better then that album by kenny lamar.
he touches on alot of stuff on this album, from love, to obsession, to murder, to him shooting himself. great album.",3,5,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"Very good album from the weezy f baby this year. better than i an not a human being 2 but not better than i an not ahuman on lean 3, but thats just my opinion. plz check it out and support lil waynes!",4,7,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"i actually like that he got kicked off cash moneys by birdman cuz it made him have that burning passion again, you know??? amazing project from an amazing rapper.",4,7,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"very good album from wayne he is spitting lyricals on every single song and he even broke Eminem record for most syllables per second. only a goat can do that.",9,16,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"ibcircuits is the greatest lover, friend, and human of all time. no denying that. u gotta respect and love that gorgous man! u just must! damn he so cool.",5,9,"Jul  8, 2015"
8,"Wayne is back! (never even left thooo) Best project since C3 by far!  The beats are on point, Wayne is focused lyrically, the guest features aren't bad, and each song is interesting in its own way. Its not a perfect album, but its definitely a great project from Weezy.",5,10,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"love this album, from the intro to the outro its just a great album to listen to. every song has a deep meaning to it, the flows are all on point, and every hook is nice. no bad songs. only wish for a drake and YG feature.",3,6,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"amazing masterpiece clasic mixtape by wayne, this is his 15th classic so far. keep going wayne, show those haters who you are!!!!!!!!!!! flawless beats too.",3,6,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"I came into this album not expecting this much quality, but I got it. From beginning to end I loved it. Wayne brings a type of flow & delivery to hip-hop that hasn't been seen before",2,4,"Jul  8, 2015"
0,"While lilwaynehq spams this album with 10 ratings, we all know that it is an awful pop album that proves Wayne's fall off isn't stopping any time soon.",6,14,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"very inresting album from start to finish, from the bangers like pull up and post bail balling to the heartwarming love songs like without you or thinking about you to the morale boosting I feel GOOD. just dope wayne.",3,7,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"This album is a tale of love fear hate and joy sadly i didn't enjoy this BS Wayne WTF was this so many poop lines I had to clean my toilet bruh WTF  This album need to be free keep that coon wayne locked up 4 man slaughter /rape on My ears, but 10/10 CUZ STONECOLD SAID SO haven't heard the album TBH
- Dicky-Ricky/King Milk_Shake",5,12,"Jul  8, 2015"
7,"Mmmhh... first 5 songs are amazing, really Weezy at his best, but from 6 to 14 are worst than songs in I Am Not A Human Being II... the last track 'Pick Up Your Heart' has incredible beats, also 'My Heart Races On' with Jake Troth is a to-listen, and the last verse of London Roads is really really hurting and awful. But Tha Carter V (or whater Tunech will do) must be more cohesive and with better producers and guest stars.",6,15,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"wayne is a genius he always has been and this album furthermore proves how great FWA is, every song has a subject and great raps. wayne is back on top of the throne. sorry hopsin",2,5,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"i love this album so much as a 13 year old boy from wyoming i feel i can relate to this album so much especially songs like White girl that remind me of my childhood.",2,5,"Jul  8, 2015"
9,"Deserves a 9/10 lyrically better than TPAB IMO and it is listenable and the story behind it is perfect for Wayne's time and also it deserves recognition of how intricate it was but also how simple it was done it feels like Wayne pushed it all the way through except for one part the end felt like it was missing something but I still enjoyed it more than Tha Carter 4.",2,5,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"wayne keeps it real on this album tbh, i haven't heard him rap like this in a while and it's very refreshing to hear him actually rap about something more then **** on a album.",2,6,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"definitely the best wayne album since C3, 2nd best album of the year after drakes. both are classics. this has better love songs, i've never heard wayne get this emotional on Album songs.",1,3,"Jul  9, 2015"
10,"love everything about this album its just pure flames all the way out bruh. i can listen to it in the whip, or while playing fifa, or while smoking lean or even while having oral sexs.",2,8,"Jul  8, 2015"
5,"This album sucks......................................................................................................................................",5,21,"Jul  8, 2015"
0,"If you are a optimistic Wayne fan, there is some sharp bright lines and moments that recall the old memorable moments. But the fact is that these moments are lost in the amidst of mediocrity beats, filler choruses, and lazy (sometimes disgustingly so) verses.",4,21,"Jul  8, 2015"
1,"Even in its better moments, FWA suffers from a lack of subject. Wayne shows he is still passionate about his music - and this is definitely his best beat selection since Tha Carter III - but the album is an over-slog of uninspired verses and filler material that doesn't offend, excite or address any issues.",1,8,"Jul  8, 2015"
4,"A nimble, almost balletic rapper on countless mixtapes, singles, and Billboard-topping collaborations, the former charismatic and sharp rapper proves that - sober or not - he's past his prime. With a ample collection of lackluster projects since his 2008 masterpiece, maybe we just should stop expecting any quality or exciting work from him. Ever.",1,12,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"insanely creative album, very dope concept, great lyrics, great flows, great production. definitely a classic album. definitely better then any young thug crap music.",0,5,"Jul 10, 2015"
7,"The Free Weezy Album didn't let  down. The first half of the album is great, the best opening to a rap album i've seen this year with Glory to London roads.It seems to die down after that with uninspired i'm that N***a and lazy Psycho it then picks up with Without you Post bail ballin and pull up, though i felt living right could have been better and white girl also but finishes with the stellar track Pick Up Your Heart.The best tracks are Glory,He's Dead, PIck up your heart and London roads and the best features are Euro,Bibi Bourelly, and HoodyBaby. FWA was not lil wayne's best work yet but this is his best work since the Carter IV.",0,0,"Jul 10, 2015"
8,"I am absolutely stunned by the lukewarm reaction to this album from critics, so far. I was expecting this album to be trash, but Wayne killed it. I would argue that FWA is Lil Wayne's best project since Tha Carter III. I suppose the low critic reviews are because it's definitely not a concept album and there's nothing groundbreaking sonically. It's ludicrous to me, however, to penalize the album for this. The whole thing bangs, the production is absolutely outstanding, and every track except for maybe one or two is great, sonically. It has more of a mixtape feel, to me, but it's still a pretty great project as a true album. This is Wayne's comeback from all the Cash Money drama. FWA is aggressive, loud, and overall classic Weezy. ~ 7.6/10
Best tracks: 'Psycho' & 'Thinking Bout You'",0,0,"Nov 29, 2015"
7,"Weezy is Free!
This album starts with a strong track, Glory, which is his best in years... The next four tracks were on fire or just good... After that the album becomes less interesting until Jeezy's verse on the second-to-last track, White Girl, where Jeezy is always on fire when it comes to rapping about 'white girls'... The last track, Pick Up Your Heart, makes the album end well with great lyrics, great work by Cool & Dre and Weezy's outro speech...
Wayne has improved from IANAHB2 and recent mixtapes and his subject matter has matured, but the album slightly falls short and makes me really crave for Tha Carter V...
Best tracks: Glory, My Heart Races On, London Roads, Pick Up Your Heart...",0,0,"Jul 11, 2015"
10,"One of the best rap album so far in 2015, to pimp a butterfly is nothing compared to this masterpiece, insanly creative ans the fact that it's only available on tidal makes it more personal, can't wait for his next project.",0,0,"Jul 13, 2015"
10,"very great album, it's a classic honestly. it's been out for one day but i can see it influenced plenty of rappers in the far future. it's one its way to being the most underrated album oat (thanks to critic scores)",0,0,"Jul  9, 2015"
10,"BEST AL:BUM EVER WAYNE IS SO GOOD MAN THIS **** IS CRAZY AND CREATIVE AND FUN AND GREAT AND PLEASING TO THE EARS AND OVERALL JUST A BEAUTIFUL ALBUM ONE OF TH BEST RAP ALBUMS OAT.",0,0,"Jul  9, 2015"
10,"Right when you thought Wayne wouldn't be able to put out another outstanding project is the moment  you were wrong. I haven't heard a great rap album like this since S4TW2 which is also a great project to check out.",0,0,"Jul 12, 2015"
7,"Its pretty much considered a fact that Lil Wayne fell off ever since the release of his arguably classic *No Ceilings*. However, he showed a lot of potential in 2014 and 2015. Not only did he kill all of his own tracks (such as Dusse, Gotti, Dreams & Nightmares, etc.), but he also killed all of his guest features (M$, Smuckers, Thug Cry).We were definitely anticipating this project.
There are quite a few dope cuts on here; the real issue though is his consistency. There are some fantastic cuts off of here such as I Feel Good and Glory, yet there are some really underwhelming tracks such as Post Ball Bailin and Living Right. The beats are dope for the most part, and Weezy can flow, but his vocal delivery can sometimes be really grating.
Despite this, the highlights do outshine the lowlights. Weezy drops clever bar after clever bar on here, and continues to prove that he has a knack for coming up with intelligent multi-syllabic rhymes. He spits all of this in an intricate flow that never seems to lose its magic touch. He just gives off an impression of dopeness.
In the end, this won't go down as the album of the year or Wayne's best album in general, but it is a pretty nice album. Weezy obviously still has some fire left in him, and all of us Wayne fans are patiently waiting for him to drop his highly anticipated Tha Carter V. If Wayne can cut out the more lack-luster tracks on the album, we'll all be in for a treat.",0,0,"Jul 12, 2015"
10,"This album was different than anything Wayne has ever put out...It was introspective, fun, happy, dark,..all in 1 album...I don't skip a track and when I first heard it...It took me back where I had to listen again  cuz I didn't expect this album to have this well-rounded sound...I loved it..",0,0,"Jul 12, 2015"
10,"fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire",0,0,"Sep  3, 2015"
4,"Lil Wayne was at the top of the game a bit ago, but now he just releases these groan worthy songs and projects that makes me ask what happened. The amount of the word **** is horrible. I can't say anything more but disappointing. If you want to be freed then you should probably release a better project.",0,0,"Dec  8, 2015"
9,"The Album is incredible. I can't wait to hear Vince later down the road. Good to see some fresh new talent step in the game with some heat. It's giving TPAB a run for its money.",7,7,"Jun 30, 2015"
9,"Staples' raw, resigned style stands on the other extreme of the metaphysics and optimism of Kendrick Lamar, but tracks such as 'Dopeman' and 'Norf Norf' show that it can be just as addictive. At age 21, the Long Beach rapper has managed to convey potent doses of reality into his music in a way that some performers fail to do in their entire careers.",5,5,"Jun 30, 2015"
9,"Lyrical, Vince Staples tells us more wisdom and reality then any other 21 year old rapper out there. Yet what's even better than his lyrics, are deez beats: probably the best produced rap-album this year. A great LP debut for this Long Beach rapper, expect more from this guy in the future.",2,2,"Jul  2, 2015"
10,"Vince Staples got a masterpiece in his hands. the album was solid from start to finish. definitely an album of the year.  'Senorita' is my favorite song on the LP.",1,1,"Jul  9, 2015"
10,"The whole album flows soundly, with no reason to skip tracks. Many of the lyrics are so powerful it gives you chills, Vince has a way with words and a timely, rhythmic flow. It all fits together, some tracks making you think and get lost in those thoughts, others drawing you to the beat. With this album, he puts Long Beach on the map and his name in rap history.",1,1,"Jul  6, 2015"
9,"Stellar production from No-ID and Staples steps up his deliver, laying down one of the most moody, thrilling, menacing and interesting debuts of the year.",1,1,"Jul  8, 2015"
10,"Flames is an understatement, Vince executed it so swiftly in this project................ just wow, what a beautiful work of art. Now excuse me while I go and bump this album in my car",1,1,"Feb 12, 2016"
10,"Incredible debut album. Didn't think he could top his mixtapes, but he sure did. Amazing lyrics and also alot of solid beats by Clams Casino and others.
Favorite song: Summertime",3,4,"Jul  3, 2015"
9,"This is definitely an improvement from his last album. Vince packs nice flows and great lyricism into a wonderfully put together story line. I think the beats are great but they need a little improvement but not much. In my top 5 albums of this year for sure and maybe in my top 10 of all time.",1,2,"Dec 25, 2015"
9,"AMAZING DEBUT ALBUM by the past Odd Future member. This album has the perfect amount of 'gangsta rap', psychedelic music and pure WTF'ness, but that is what makes it a great album. It's an added bonus that it is a double disc album! >",1,5,"Jul  3, 2015"
2,"This album was so underwhelming as a lot of the tracks seemed the same to me. The first half was definitely weaker than the second though. I think Vince is a lot more of a feature rapper and can't really carry out a totally cohesive project that won't lose me half way through. I wish there was more to this album. It's too late Charmi.",5,33,"Jun 30, 2015"
2,"I don't understand 'a genious' of this guy. This album sounds terrible. Staples's flow is tragic. Maybe a production in a few tracks is OK. 2/10, don't like this.",1,8,"Dec 19, 2015"
9,"8.6/10................................................................................................................................................",0,3,"Jul  3, 2015"
8,"Summertime '06 is one of the most impressive hip hop debuts in a while. Vince Staples definitely has a talent for storytelling, as he paints a vivid picture of many of the things he has been involved in while growing up, including being in gangs, selling drugs, and he also does this with impressive lyricism, especially on 'Norf Norf'. Summertime '06 also contains some of the most impressive production that I've heard all year, courtesy of Kanye West mentor No I.D. and A$AP Rocky collaborator Clams Casino. Also, Summertime '06 may be a somewhat unoriginal concept, Staples' flow, delivery and unique style of production makes this album original enough to the point where it doesn't bring the album down much. With all this being said, I do have things that I don't like about this albums. The majority of the hooks were terrible and cringeworthy ('Loca', I'm looking at you, 'Lift Me Up' was extremely repetitive too) and Kilo Kish's voice just gets on my nerves on the tracks she is featured on. He also overused other female vocalists, such as Jhene Aiko, Snoh Aalegra, Daley and Desi Mo, although I didn't really mind their performances, it sort of dragged down the album for me, along with the James Fauntleroy collaboration on 'Might Be Wrong', which Vince didn't even appear on. Despite these faults, however, Summertime '06 is an extremely impressive debut, especially from a 21-year-old. Grade: B+/A-. Highlights: 'Norf Norf', 'Jump Off the Roof', 'Senorita', '3230', 'Like It Is'. Worst songs: 'Loca' (on disc 1), 'Might Be Wrong' (on disc 2)",0,2,"Jul 22, 2015"
10,"Incredible album.  One of the best debuts in a long time.  Keep doing what you want to do, and forget about what people want. He is going to be one of the best rappers right now, if not he already is in my opinion.",0,1,"Oct  8, 2015"
9,"Summertime '06 is one of the best debut albums in recent memory, one I would say is just short of classic territory. With a significant assist from the legendary producer and Def Jam executive No I.D., Vince Staples effectively communicates to listeners how he felt in the summer of 2006. This album, along with Kendrick Lamar's TPAB, have been the two projects in 2015 that have required listen after listen after listen for me to fully digest and understand them. With a debut like this one, it's possible Vince could become a significant figure in hip hop very soon. I can't wait to see what he can accomplish with his next album. ~ 8.8/10
(Disc One: 8.7/10) (Disc Two: 9.0/10)
Best Track: 'Norf Norf'
Other notable tracks: 'Seorita', 'Summertime', 'Get Paid', 'Street Punks', 'Hang 'N' Bang', 'C.N.B.' & 'Like It Is'",0,0,"Nov 29, 2015"
7,"Not entirely my thing but definitely an impressive debut. The theme runs through it quite well and there are definitely some positively interesting choices Staples is taking musically. He's got a good flow most of the time, the only track that didn't really please me is Get Paid, especially when you're coming from something as strong as Might Be Wrong (one of the best on the album) but it's still bearable.
One thing though, this is a double album? It's divided in two parts, sure, but it's just fifty-nine minutes long which is within an album's length. If this is a double something it's a double EP.",0,0,"Jul 31, 2015"
9,"Great album by Vince. It took a few spins to fully appreciate it, at first I was expecting it to sound like Stolen Youth. I honestly think this is his best work to date, lyrics and production are on point. Be prepared to go down a dark summer tale!",0,0,"Mar 10, 2016"
6,"Decent album a little drawn out though if he had made it only one disk then I would give it an 8. Also didn't enjoy some of the chorus's very much especially Loca.",0,0,"Nov 25, 2015"
5,"Being a Vince Staples fan I was anticipating this a lot. Unfortunately, he compromised his sound on this LP. He is trying to be someone he isn't and it's disappointing.",0,0,"Dec  8, 2015"
9,"Long Beach rapper Vince Staples comes through with one hell of a debut record.
If I could describe this record in one word, it would be 'Raw'.
From the production delivered by No I.D., Clams Casino and DJ Dahi, to the strong list of feature artists, down to Vince's hard hitting, yet easy to follow rapstyle. Raw.
Summertime '06 is a record that is shockingly beautiful for all the ugly and menacing things Vince paints with his music as we go through the emotional highs and lows of this Long Beach youth. If it were not for two average tracks here ('Might Be Wrong' and 'Loca'), this album would've been prefect. But can you really blame him after making a extremely consistent and cohesive 20 track long project?
Fav Tracks: Norf Norf, Senorita, Jump Off The Roof, Get Paid, Street Punks, 3230
Least Fav Track: Might Be Wrong",0,0,"Dec 30, 2015"
5,"That was really well made pop rap album, but it didn't brought to the table ABSOLUTELY ANYTHING. It started off really strong with an epic song witch angelic choir in the background (Lord Knows) but it fell off pretty fast with 'club.banger.ft.Future.nr.77' and 'club.banger.ft.Chris.Brown.nr.144'. And I hate to say, that all these trap influenced tracks (nr.'s 7,8,10,11 on the track list) felt pretty dated. In 2012 this could be dope, but now it's just not interesting at all. Well, 'R.I.C.O' was an awesome track, but totally dominated by Drake (even beat seemed like it was made for Graham), Rick Ross verse on 'Been That' was kinda nice, and Nicki's guest appearances were decent too (but she definitely better raps than sings), Chris Brown was Chris Brown- nothing much more to say, and The Weekend's hook was pretty typical for him (Diddy and future didn't amaze me). Meek Mill was pretty ok by himself, his kinda over dramatic flow made him feel really hungry ('The Thrillest'(!!!)), but nothing he said was amazing.Overall, it was nicely done album, but it was kinda dated and generic.",3,3,"Jul  4, 2015"
8,"Dreams worth more than money is very good. When I saw F_ck you mean, B boys, I don't know and scareface not making it for the final tracklist I was nervous, but leaving them out was a good thing because he brought his A-game. The Best tracks are All eyes on you, Stand up, Bad for you and Pull'in up. The best features are Nicki minaj, Drake and the Weekend. DWMTM is definitely more eemotionally driven than Dreams and Nightmares with Cold Heart and The trillest. The turn up is a bit disappointing with Ambitionz, Check and a song with Rick Ross, with Classic being a bit lazy.Overally DWMTM is better than Dreams and nightmares, a very good album and one of the best rap albums in 2015.",0,4,"Jul  3, 2015"
3,"3/10 only because of Drake's featuring and first track on this album. I didn't expect too much from Meek Mill and it's like I thought. It's forgettable album. Collapse",0,2,"Jan  6, 2016"
7,"Almost every song has an appearance, which means a) people want to jump on his tracks .....b) he doesn't have enough to say on his own. But, with all the appearances he made on other's tracks, his album was anticipated. Listening to it, I can't say it amazing, or that I like all the tracks. As a matter of fact, many of the tracks have the same BPM-evidence he has found his niche. but evidence that he doesn't have much more than his niche. I like a few of the songs, but I don't think any are better than some of the singles/mix tapes he has been on.",0,0,"Jul  7, 2015"
8,"In most cases, going to jail **** a rapper's career up... For Meek, that wasn't the case... He had so much of hunger from jail that he put it in this album and he used it to freestyle some good tracks on this album, better than his last album where he wrote his lyrics... His lyrics are hardcore but the Nicki Minaj collaborations bring the album down due to those tracks being corny... The only guest that shines in this album is Drake, other than that, it's Meek's time to shine...",0,0,"Jul 11, 2015"
5,"Yh it had some good songs like Jump out the face (future is killing it with his features this year although not with his solo stuff) and the opener but a large chunk of the album is kind of hard to get through. Meek should shut the **** up with that **** scream rap. Swizz beats should just shut the **** up in general. Nicki minaj should **** off for making meek do those two songs about them (especially All Eyes On You). Nothing meek said was memorable. Only song I'm coming back to is R.I.C.O which feels more like a drake song.",0,0,"Aug 11, 2015"
7,"This is the first album from Meek Mill I listen to its entirerty, and I was surprised at how good it was.  Some tracks were forgetful, but never bad, and the guest apperances from Nikki Minaj and Chris Brown are not bad at all, while The Weekend and Future's apperances are great.  Some hip-Hop cliches and lack of innovations and some not-so solid tracks keep it from being great, but it is still worth a listen, and if you're a fan of hip-hop, it won't dissapoint
Highlights :
- Pullin up
- Lord Knows",0,0,"Jul  5, 2015"
6,"Meek mill has some decent cuts. But his ability to use his flow and construct more interesting flows are limiting to his ability to create better songs.",0,0,"Aug  7, 2016"
10,"With his first album being a true graduation from battle rap and mix tape releases it was arguably sloppy. Production on his first album with exception of the intro and amen was pretty all over the place. Meek Mill didn't have to prove he was a great rapper, he had to prove he could do more than battle rap and make 'bangers' which is done by being an artist. DWMTM is his first album that gives a palatable Meek Mill to everyone. It has everything to do with musical maturity and growth. Lyricism that doesn't have to be lashing or particularly sharp, but still is, and over instrumentals everyone can agree are great. Meek Mill set out to make a musically inclined and masterful work that exercises why we should like him, and he did exactly that. Is this a 10 stacked against all the music thats been released? No, probably an 8.5-9. But relevant to D&N this is a 10+, and for the same guy who was selling crack and rapping on the corner to get into a studio after a stint in jail and focus the way he did it deserves that 10.",0,0,"Jul 23, 2015"
2,"I can't believe Kanye accepted to be a part of this. Tyga is a lacklustre artist, lacking charisma and relevant content. His flow is always the same, unless he's straight up jacking Drake's 'Started From the Bottom' flow despite claiming to have an issue with Drake. The production is trap influenced with all the high hats and others are very west-coast influenced with heavy bass, but Tyga fails to create interesting, well put together song concepts, instead littering great beats with redundant lyrics. Horrible album, very basic, the only good thing about this album is the production but in the end it seems like a great tragedy to have them be completely wasted on Tyga and his basic rhyming ass. The album cover's dope too, that's it. 2/10",2,3,"Jul  7, 2015"
1,"The worst Tyga studio album so far. I really like 'Wait for a Minute', ' Hookah' and '40 Milli' but so disappointed that these singles don't drop on the album final cut. 'Hollywood N****z' is the only track that I like from the album. Other tracks are just garbage. The production of the album is poor, too. Thought that Kanye West will improve the album but no, he did it very bad in this album. The guest apperances are very poor. Lil Wayne and Boosie Badazz did very well in Free Weezy Album and Touchdown 2 Cause Hell but they're just crappy in this album. Tyga tries to improve his voice but his voice in this album is bad, worse than Fan of a Fan: The Album. His voice is sleepy and creepy. Don't waste your money to this album, you'll need a refund then.",2,3,"Jul  6, 2015"
0,"2.200 copies in first week? That's the right commercial performance for this album. What can I say about this album is terrible, trash, crappy, sleepy and the worst. This is the worst album of all time, worst hip hop album of all time, worst Tyga album of all time. Tyga just fail to make great album since Hotel California. What is the best song of this album? None. What is the worst song of the album? All tracks! **** Tyga don't make great songs like Wait for a Minute, 40 Mill or Make It Work on the album. What happened with him? If this album only peaked below number 100 on Billboard 200, that don't surprised me.",2,3,"Jul  8, 2015"
6,"it's just an average album, maybe 6.5, but nothing really above 7, pretty much every song is literally alright/meh, nothing interesting but it's good enough for 'album' quality, like compared to any mixtape coming out it it does maintain it's glossiness and structure to put it ahead which is a good enough achievement on it's own.
the cover from an art perspective does successfully represent the album sonically, has that shiny glossy gold feel, so props to donda.
i mean like if it wasn't for mike dean's presence tho, a lot of these tracks would just drop that little ledge they weigh on to make it just good enough to bump a few-couple times, so props for mike deans contributions.
but it's a smart choice from tyga going back to basics building a new more solid foundation for his career than just surviving off singles, only 45 mins so it's done in no time and the bonus tracks (arguably better than majority of the album) just add as a reward for sticking through his new development.
he's got a long way to go and he's just hanging in there, still getting a lot of hate, but kanye isn't stupid, he knows there's some potential in his flow and image for popular mainstream audiences which = money, respect and success. let's just hope he realises his reputation is ruining his career as an artist and turns it up a notch on his future music projects and not let these critics bully him even tho he does deserve some of it, doesn't matter tho it's all development, he still has time to grow up, well at least one more chance, after this.
idk why i was bothered writing this pre high",1,2,"Jul  8, 2015"
0,"Gold album? It's not even a copper album =D =D =D =D =D =D =D =D =D =D...
What happened to Hookah, 40 Mil and the other tracks?
I can't believe that Kanye actually had something to do with such trash =D =D...",1,2,"Jul 11, 2015"
0,"First, when this album release, I have a plan to buy this album. But when I streamed it on Spotify, the tracks make me disappointed and new tracks are awful, crappy, sleepy and just trash. Can't even hear 5 seconds of this album. Tyga make me so disappointed in this album. His voice and guest apperances are terrible, too. I can't find anything nice from this album and still don't know why there is 1 positive user review on this album.",1,2,"Jul  7, 2015"
0,"After Careless World, Tyga doesn't make sense. Hotel California, Fan of a Fan and The Gold Album, can't show he is the best club banger. Poor quality of voice, beat and lyrics. Tyga now is just a shadow of Tyga in Careless World.
Just a garbage. The worst album of 2015. 0/10",1,2,"Jul  8, 2015"
1,"This is the album, not the mixtape so Tyga must did this album better than his mixtapes. Some of his mixtapes like Well Done 3 or 167 is better than this album. This album is just a garbage and the only thing that I like from the album is the artwork so I give it 1/10.",1,2,"Jul  8, 2015"
8,"This is a good listen...With music saturated with copycats...This is really refreshing....Skyzoo at his lyrical best...Nice guest appearances. Great!!",2,2,"Sep 24, 2015"
10,"While this album may not bring social consciousness or anything too deep, it is a really fun album with incredible lyricism, beats that are bangers and some amazing guest features from the likes of Method Man, MF Doom and R.A the Rugged Man.",0,0,"Jun 25, 2015"
8,"A wonderful fun album with some of the coolest artwork and packaging of any album that has ever come out. If you're somewhat familiar with rap, think of this album as a cross between MF DOOM and Wu-Tang Clan. If that sounds interesting to you at all then definitely check this album out.
The vinyl edition comes with an awesome 70+ page comic book and a bunch of stickers. The songs on this thing are just great. Standouts for me are: Czartacus, Lumber Jack Match, Nightcrawler ft Method Man, World Premier ft Large Professor, The Great (Czar Guitar), When Gods Go Mad ft Gza, Ka-Bang! ft MF Doom, Escape From Czarkham Asylum, Sinister",0,0,"Jun 28, 2015"
10,"This album is a breath of fresh air from the poisonous, commercial hip-hop that fills the industry today. It's great fun from start to finish, and the performances from MC's Inspectah Deck (ex Wu-Tang) and Esoteric are hard as nails.
The antihero idea of Czarface is brilliant and the sketches are very witty. I've heard that the vinyl edition is specially pressed and comes with a 70 page comic book! Great additions.
7L's production and beats are right on point. His inventive use of samples and nods to the golden days of hip-hop are very effective and the MCs' energetic performances help bring this production alive.
If you're sick of rappers lecturing you about their humble beginnings and then how they became dirty rich and are now the king of the world and superior to everyone and so on and so forth, this is certainly for you.
Favourite track is 'Junkyard Dogs'. Love the sketch in the middle: I realized the guy strapped over the mailbox looked kinda familiar. So I asked him, 'hey, do I know you?' And he said, 'oh, well indeed you might.'
But most of these tracks are great. My second best rap album this year behind To Pimp A Butterfly. 10/10",0,0,"Jul 22, 2015"
9,"Inspektah Deck, 7L and Esoteric really knocked it out of the park with an original, dynamic rap album, full with lush beats and a competent list of rappers that not only deliver, but smash expectations.
The first half of the album delivers songs like 'Nighcrawler' ft. Method Man and 'World Premier' ft. Large Professor that bump in the whip on cranked at 11. But it doesn't end there, as the second half of the album turns savage with 'When Gods Go Mad' ft. GZA and the 8 minute long entertaining 'Escape from Czarkham Asylum' that never loses steam with multiple beat switches.
Even the skits on this album are pure gold and worth a listen, especially the one towards the end of 'Sinister'.
This album is nothing but 55 minutes of pure spitting and hard hitting beats. An essential listen for every Hip Hop head and fan of the genre in general.
Fav Tracks: Nightcrawler, World Premier, Sinister, Escape From Czarkham Asylum
Least Fav Track: Deviated Septums (But it's only a digital exclusive bonus track, so...)",0,0,"Dec 31, 2015"
10,"If you aren't familiar with DJ Koze, he's one of the DJ's that turns up in parentheticals, *alot*. I first came to know him, I believe, with a Nichoals Jaar remix or maybe it was Matthew Dear, but regardless, he's kind of the slick remixer *already* slick DJ's use. It's an odd role, but the DJ Kicks series suits him perfectly because his talents seem to be collaboration, production et al. rather than outright songwriter etc. The album is on Spotify if you want to sample it, but usually it's best to buy the Kicks series, as Spotify loses the rights to the myriad of songs on usually on the albums.
If you want a taste of Koze at his songwriting pinnacle, try Amygdala. It sounds a lot like this, incidentally, but has a more uniform feel than a typical mix record would.",0,0,"Jul 15, 2015"
7,"when u be hittin dem boiz, u kno, da g's, da GRAMS, DA HAMS DON HAMS DA BEST HAMS, HAM KANYE HAMS. das wut dis album b BOUT
da TRIPLE O's DA OZEBRAS, u feelin or distillin da goodiez",0,0,"Jun 24, 2015"
8,"One thing that listeners must take to mind prior to listening to this album is that Surf definitely does not centre around Chance The Rapper and thus takes it's own fusion of rap, funk, soul, jazz (and many other genres) to be quite different to the type of rap music found on his previous record Acid Rap. However, once this is taken to mind, wonderful live instrumentation and good vibes all around can be heard with this album and it proves to be a great listen. Perhaps the only flaws of this album is that it isn't necessarily innovative or mind - blowing musically, production - wise or in a lyrical sense. Despite this, The Social Experiment has crafted a wonderful album that holds the listeners attention from start to finish and the surprise features on this album truly steal the show on the tracks that they are featured on. This album makes me excited for anything The Social Experiment has to offer in the future and it raises the anticipation for the solo album that Chance will release some time in the near future.",3,5,"Jun  6, 2015"
5,"Even though Chance the Rapper said from the beginning that this isn't his album and that he won't be featured on this record as much as we expected him to be, I cannot help but have this thought in the back of my mind while listening to this record. People would tell me it would be unfair to compare this record to an album like Undun by the Roots, another hip hop band. But I think it is fair, as Chance is one of the most exciting young rappers as of late. But while this is an ambitious record with a lot more instrumentation than other hip hop records, it doesn't come without it's failures, which I hear in many parts over this record. While I won't question Chance's top fans to exclaim about the 'good vibes' that the album brings, sometimes musically and focus wise The Social Experiment falls short. Fantastic songs like 'Slip Slide', 'Familiar', and 'Sunday Candy' standout much more than they should, because the album should've been a lot more of these kinds of songs. The band playing as a strong ensemble bringing out the best of all the members of the group. But In many parts of the album I simply see many examples of a failure of building off of melodies, such as in songs like 'Cool', 'Caretaker', 'Just Wait' and 'Questions'. Many of these tracks also are completely watered down by the amount of features all over this record. It was so watered down that J. Cole didn't even stand out to me, because there were just too many verses from so many people all over the place. I didn't hate this record. I respect the creativity the group has come up with on this record. But unfortunately, for the amount of time I was anticipating this record, it was a disappointment for me. But I still see potential in these young musicians still in their young 20s, and while they have a lot to learn, I'll still be listening to their next release.",1,3,"Jun 14, 2015"
8,"Its occasionally borderline kitsch aesthetic and sugary delivery will deter some, but there are enough solid verses and clever arrangements throughout to satisfy anyone.
The best tween album ya ever did hear, it's also for the tween in all of us.",0,3,"Jun  9, 2015"
8,"7.5/10................................................................................................................................................",0,1,"Jul  3, 2015"
10,"This album is incredible.
Surf, as Chance has said, is not a Chance the Rapper album. It is a Donnie Trumpet album featuring The Social Experiment. So you're listening to a jazz trumpet album with notable HipHop influences. It's brilliant.
Live instrumentation, deep chord progressions and wonderful writing. They meshed with Busta Rhymes, Big Sean, Erykah Badu, J. Cole and D.R.A.M. as if they too were a part of the Social Experiment. Literally one of the best albums I've heard this decade.
I see people complaining about Caretaker (which is one of my favorite songs on the album) or Warm Enough (transitions perfectly from the hyper Slip N Slide). But it's the role that these songs play when listening to the album as a whole that help the 'Wanna Be Cool' and the 'Go' sound so colorful. Its really a carefully constructed, beautiful album.
Bravo!",0,1,"Jul 16, 2015"
4,"This is boring af ....................................................................................................................................",0,1,"Jan 13, 2016"
8,"I welcome something this unique in 2015. I never really understood the hype associated with this album, however. I think Surf is a consistently above-average indie hip hop album with a few elite moments. It's ambitious, yet bland. The message is great, but the delivery is a little flawed on many songs. Trimming the album down to 10 or 11 tracks would have greatly helped focus the concept of the album. ~ 7.9/10
Best track: 'Windows' (feat. Raury & BJ the Chicago Kid)
Other notable tracks: 'Go', 'Sunday Candy' & 'Pass The Vibes'",0,0,"Sep 23, 2015"
5,"This album had a ton of potential but this was just very bland and boring. I just did not seem to be very interested in any of the songs on this album. Thank God this album was free on iTunes, because if it wasn't,  I would be asking for my money back. This isn't the worst music I have listened to, but it is definitely not great music.",0,0,"Oct  1, 2015"
8,"just like to say that everyone thinking this is a '10' or a 'classic' are hoes, this is a solid dense piece of work but cmon guys it's okay to say the bar has been set very high and not everyone is gonna make crazy as **** albums to top one other, please make sure the credit is going to where it deserves, but for this solid sophomore he deffs deserves a wider sense of appreciation from bigger hip hop audiences and ye",6,6,"May 29, 2015"
8,"I thoroughly enjoyed ALLA. The druggy vibe that Rocky went for, sonically, worked perfectly. I think it's awesome and reassuring that Rocky has departed from his slightly poppy sound on his debut studio album. This is true A$AP Rocky music without the oversight of a label. Listening to this album start to finish is an experience. Most of all, I love that he created a very unique album in an industry that has many copycats. As a project, it's a little inconsistent with a couple relative duds in the 18 tracks. Regardless, ALLA is a fantastic album that, unfortunately, might get overlooked a little in this standout year in hip hop. ~ 8.2/10
Best track: 'L$D'
Other notable tracks: 'Holy Ghost', 'LPFJ2', 'Electric Body', 'Jukebox Joints', 'M'$' & 'Everyday'
Worst track: 'West Side Highway'",1,1,"Aug 17, 2015"
10,"In recent years A$AP Rocky has become one of the best rappers and praised this second album we see proof of why so many compliments.
Applying several extremely cautious and well-written verses, Rocky brings everyone a new vision of himself, his career, life and all that he has to show. Rocky brings his artistic matured and this is undeniable.
Tracks like 'Holy Ghost', 'Fine Whine', 'L$D', 'Everyday' and 'Max B' are more theoretical and comprehensive, with a darker tone and supreme. While 'LPFJ2', 'M'$', 'Body Electric', ' Wavybone' and 'Canal St.' are deducted in force, domination, dedication and evolution.
Rocky is by far one of the best representatives artist of the Rap/Hip-Hop currently qualitative. A pretty classic.",14,18,"May 28, 2015"
9,"It's an awesome psychedelic LP with a dope vibe. Perfect chill out music and I think it has more meaningful lyrical content than the ones before. Also Rocky definitely has one of the greatest flows in the rap game. I really enjoyed it from the beginning to the end.
I can only recommend this piece of art.
(I'd write my favourite songs but I could enumerate all of them.)",10,13,"May 27, 2015"
10,"I have a whole new level of respect for A$AP Rocky and the A$AP Mob. This album takes Rockies standards of music to a whole new level. The album is incredibly smooth with unbelievable flows. A$AP Rocky has managed to make a game changing album with something many rappers can't reach and for me that's the connection i felt with the album as I listened to it. At Long Last has a chill smooth feel to it that very few recent albums can manage to achieve. The album features many stars such as Future, Schoolboy Q, Kanye West, Lil Wayne and more. Each of these artists work well with the music of the album and create something special. Personally, At Long Last is the best album written by A$AP Rocky and I have a whole new level of respect to A$AP Rocky and the A$AP Mob. Long live A$AP Mob and RIP A$AP Yams.",4,6,"May 28, 2015"
9,"After initial listens to A$AP Rockys now classic mixtape Live. Love. ASAP and his debut album, Long. Live. ASAP, I was mixed on him. He had an incredible flow and delivery, as well as sometimes really nice delivery. However, his appeal was his ability to literally say anything and make it sound like the coolest thing ever. In the lead up to this album, specifically after the release of the track Multiply last year, I started re-evaluating those two projects and really began to understand Rocky and dig his entire catalog. It still has its weak spots, but overall, I really love those two projects now. Now, finally, with this project, he has crafted a project with very few weak points. It may be a touch long, as 18 tracks is a massive project nowadays, but there are no specifically weak tracks as every song really brings something to the table. As it stands, the best tracks here have to be Excuse Me, Lord Pretty Flacko Jodye 2, Max B, and Canal St. The closer, Back Home is also a top track here that really serves as a fitting tribute to A$AP Yams. The only complaint I have here is the track Electric Body, which is a good song, but has some elements that gross me out. Oh and Kanye Wests terrible verse on Jukebox Joints. He is one of my favorite artists, so it kills me to rag on him like this, but it is a lowlight of the entire project honestly. Yet, from front-to-back, this is easily A$AP Rockys best project and a strong contender for Album of the Year. Featuring his trademark flow and delivery, some great guest turns from Bones, Joe Fox, Juicy J, UGK, and Mos Def, and top-notch production, this one is everything and anything you could want from a modern day rap album.",2,3,"May 29, 2015"
8,"I was not disappointed at all with this album. I believe that it is the second most beautifully produced album of 2015 (behind Kendrick Lamar's To Pimp a Butterfly). The production is extremely diverse, ranging from slow and dreamy (but not boring) to neo-psychedelia to The College Dropout-style soul. Almost every single song on this album has outstanding production - truly a landmark in musical history. And although Rocky's voice did irritate me at times ('L$D') I did also like his lyrics. Although the lyrics don't always match up to the outstanding production, you can clearly tell that Rocky put a lot of effort into not only making this album, but also being a lyricist. And although this is typical Rocky and was kind of expected from LLA and LLA, Rocky very proudly proves himself to be different from very many mainstream new school rappers. At.Long.Last.A$AP might just be A$AP Rocky's best album to date, and will probably go down as one of the best hip hop albums of 2015. Grade: A-. Highlights: 'Fine Whine', 'Excuse Me', 'Electric Body', 'Jukebox Joints', 'Wavybone', 'Better Things'. Worst song: 'Dreams (Interlude)'",2,3,"May 30, 2015"
10,"What an amazing album... and I was expecting a sophomore slump from A$AP Rocky. Holy Ghost, Canal St.,  L$D, Excuse Me, JD, Lpfj2, Electric Body, Max B, Pharsyde, Better Things, M'$, and Everyday... all instant favorites from the first listen. A$AP Rocky shows off his impressive talent on every song, while iconic rappers show up for the occasional feature and the trippy productions backing every song are perfect for the theme that A$AP Rocky was trying to convey. Favorite hip-hop album of the year (so far?)",3,5,"May 28, 2015"
7,"A$AP Rcoky's best album and the best album to make its way out of the A$AP Mob.
Put aside a few forgettable tracks, a la JD, Everyday, and Dreams, this album delivers.
8.5/10",1,2,"Jun  1, 2015"
10,"One of the best new rappers out there. A$AP scored homed with this trippy experience which is an amazing follow-up to his debut album. Songs like 'Everyday', 'LSD' and 'Juicebox Joints' are highlights for sure.",1,2,"Jun  2, 2015"
10,"An album with this much hype is hard to live up to, however Flacko delivers. Rocky understands who he is as an artist, and elevates his lyrically content a bit more as he perfects his sound. Though the album is 18 tracks, substance is not diluted, one of the best hip hop albums in a year full of highly anticipated releases.",1,2,"May 30, 2015"
10,"OK, it's an instant classic. I've heard LPFJ2, Everyday, Electric Body and M'$ before the album release, and I said that 'Yeah, Flacko will do it this year.' He did. Easy decision, better than Kendrick Lamar's TPAB because of the beats. It's simply more entertaining. I am waiting more crazy albums and songs like Everyday from Rocky in the future.",4,12,"May 28, 2015"
7,"It's a good but not as remarkable as the previous album. For me, the strengths are 'Holy Ghost', 'Fire Whine', 'West Side Highway', 'M' $ ',' Everyday '(perfect music!) And' Back Home '.",1,4,"May 30, 2015"
8,"A$ap rocky returns to us with a really good album. it's chilled, then sentimental then a bit of turn up music. Best tracks are L$D, M'$, Jukebox joints, Everyday and Lord pretty flacko jorde 2. Have to say though not better than his first album, but for a guy who hasn't put up an album in 3 years it was dope.A.L.L.A had  balance throught out and the features were fantastic all of then went by asap terms and woked beutifully.Best features were Kanye West, Miguel And Lil wayne.Sometimes the album felt lazy with West Side Highway and JD, but the album as a whole was great and therefore  rap album of the year so far and a great welcome back.",0,1,"Jun  8, 2015"
5,"I just don't get it maybe. Maybe it's his voice, lack of lyrics, lack of hard driving beats....not sure. But when I listened to this Cd, I kept fast forwarding to the next song, wondering 'where is the sh*t everyone is clamouring about.' I didn't find it. I did like the variety on the album and the appearances from others. But now, after listening to this last week, I can't remember one song.",0,4,"Jun  1, 2015"
8,"Rocky doesn't fall victim to sophomore curse. He maintains all that was good about Rocky up to now with a little extra something. That something came in the form of tracks like LSD and Everyday where he enters what I like to term an 'Acid-Punk' state of mind. This extension of Rocky only serves to confirm his place in the game and one of the good guys. I only wish I heard more of the Mob throughout over the likes of Kanye and Future.",0,1,"May 29, 2015"
7,"I've never really liked Rocky and didn't enjoy his first two projects at all, so i was pleasantly surprised by how much I liked this album. The production, in my opinion, is incredible; very dreamy, psychedelic, and produces a really nice vibe; probably one of my favorite hip-hop albums production-wise. One of the things I've criticized Rocky for in the past is his lyricism, one of the reasons I hated his mixtape. His lyricism, while still not great, is much improved. I really like the way he flows when he raps, so coupled with better lyricism made for a much more enjoyable listen for me. My personal favorites from the album are Canal St., Excuse Me, Jukebox Joints, and Everday. Overall nice album",0,1,"Jun  2, 2015"
9,"This that new New York wave right here! From the first track, Pretty Flacko gives us bars and content at a higher level than he ever has given us before. Also, the production is a movie all the way through; the sound takes many twists and turns but still resonates as a complete body of work where no track feels out of place. This is not only the best release from A$AP camp that we've ever had, this is the best New York rap release that we have seen since at least the turn of the decade, and it doesn't sound like it came out in 1996. Yams is applauding from heaven.",0,1,"Jun 15, 2015"
8,"With the year only halfway done and already packed with quality releases, At.Long.Last.A$AP. definitely does not fall short. Rocky has expanded his skills with including him singing more hooks/choruses and even dishing out his own beat on the track 'Dreams.' The singles hooked me in instantly and they felt even more valuable when in context of the album. 'JD' and 'LPFJ2' bring the heat and 'Jukebox Joints' bring the soul. However, Rocky's eclectic taste does somewhat interfere with the vibe that he brings to the album. Joe Fox's overwhelming features may slow down the excitement of this release, but does not completely take away from the quality that is very evident. For listeners who are already fans of A$AP you will absolutely not be disappointed. For new listeners, this is still a solid first impression.",0,1,"May 31, 2015"
8,"A lot more focused, a lot more lyrical and more elaborated
I would gave it a 9 but the track-list is too long and there's some unnecessary songs like Pharsyde Dreams and Max B, at least he should had put i as bonus tracks. Beside that, For ME i think this is his best album project yet and i think he will not stop his evolution here",0,1,"Jun  3, 2015"
10,"There is honestly not a single song I didn't like on this album. Each song carries a certain vibe that furthers the album's aesthetic, without being bland or boring. Rocky evidently stepped up his lyricism and rhyme schemes, opting to use a plethora of multi-syllabic rhymes and effective internal rhyme schemes. This is everything I can possibly ask for. For me, this is definitely going to be Top 3 Rap albums of the year.",0,1,"Jun  6, 2015"
7,"Rocky's return to more cloudier sound pleases me, and I think it fits him better, too. A.L.L.A is a bit too long and has some fillers that could've been left out of the album, but the coherent collection of (still) good and very good songs is an enjoyable listen. Now that he's found his own defined style and certainly knows what and how he wants to do things, I am very excited and looking forward to the next one of his albums.",0,1,"Jun  7, 2015"
8,"The first 5 tracks are heavy hitters. With an 18 song track listing, I definitely thought there were a few weak songs that could have been left out. However, this album has pretty much been on repeat for the last week. Overall, it's a very good album with cool beats and good lyrics.",0,1,"Jun 11, 2015"
8,"It seems that even from Kid Cudis immediate success, cloud rap hasnt had the mainstream personality  that A$AP Rocky brings to the table. From the Harlem Based A$AP Mob, Rockys braggadocios and Fashion Killah personality has been loved by many on his debut album, Long.Live.A$AP. Tracks like **** Problems, Wild for the Night and Pretty Flacko brought mainstream hits and star power.
For me, this debut album was a solid effort, but didnt live up to the expectations from one of my favorite debut mixtapes: Live.Love.A$AP. This mixtape showed Rockys ear for fantastic production and his smooth flow that early showed personality and flair in this project, which I loved. At.Long.Last.A$AP combines the two albums and shows much more focus and maturity, where star power doesnt seem to water the material down as did his debut full length, and makes it an incredible conceptual release.
Holy Ghost is another incredible opener to add on to the list of great intro songs in Rockys catalog. Holy Ghost, Im on My Knees sings Joe Fox in the chorus, who was found in the streets of London by Rocky and Rocky found needle in the haystack, because this mystery person is all over this record. Holy Ghost is an emotional track that deals with Rockys personal religion, which we havent even gotten a taste in his last two projects. Canal St. paints a picture of the iconic New York location with a surprise feature from fellow cloud rapper Bones. The track L$D gives us something from Rocky that weve never heard before. The Kanye West inspired autotune singing on incredible production puts us in the state of mind Rocky probably was in when making this track.
Excuse Me was another highlight track with a sprinkling strings sample with a hard-hitting beat. Electric Body featuring another incredible feature from TDE member ScHoolboy Q. Although not as hard hitting as Brand New Guy, these two, as leaders in the rap world, have showed versatility and personality in this track. Jukebox Joints needs to be addressed as it is a collaboration with Kanye West. I didnt expect anything less from Kanyes incredible production, but Yeezys verse leaves much to be desired (not that I didnt expect this since I havent been a fan of his recent lyrical work).  On the song Wavybone, Rocky again shows his love for Dirty South Hip-Hop bringing on UGK for a powerful track.
I LOVE M$. I can talk about the production and Rockys great verse, but Lil Wayne is back on one of his best features Ive heard in years. This Lil Wayne verse along with his verse on Tyler the Creators new record has be excited for The Carter 5 even more. The problem with this track is that the following tracks dont keep the excitement up. We get a dull interlude and a final track from a lackluster Mos Def feature.  Although Everydays Rod Stewart feature was very well executed.
This album contains tributes to the late A$AP Yams, who passed away recently to an overdose on purp drank or lean. This album was exciting, focused, creative, and for the most part had features that were well executed. This is an improvement from his last project, and A$AP Rocky seems to be leading the way for New York Hip Hop.",0,2,"Jun 14, 2015"
8,"This **** was good I liked it and before I didn't like ASAP at all till I heard this I hear his lyrical wisdom it's simple and ridable and  his flow and voice is great some of the singles were not to great though and a lot of the songs sound the same.",0,1,"Jul  8, 2015"
8,"Long Live ASAP was a great album but this one is much more. Its a clear improvement with his beats and production. The only complaint I have is his lyrics. While ASAP can make music interesting without really saying anything it still would have been nice to see an improvement in his lyrics. With this new album he's still saying basically the same thing he has been in his previous albums.",0,2,"Aug 19, 2015"
10,"Flames is an understatement, Vince executed it so swiftly in this project................ just wow, what a beautiful work of art. Now excuse me while I go and bump this album in my car",0,1,"Feb 12, 2016"
6,"Very Mediocre  in my opinion I was expecting more, I had high hopes but I was let down it sounded like it could use some remastering and his lyrics a not that captivating. And as far as Rakim comparisons it would be a disrespectful to Rakim to use Rakim's. As well as A$ap Rocky's name in the same sentence.",0,0,"Dec 20, 2015"
8,"7.7/10................................................................................................................................................",0,0,"Jul  3, 2015"
8,"Long Live ASAP was a great album but this one is much more. Its a clear improvement with his beats and production. The only complaint I have is his lyrics. While ASAP can make music interesting without really saying anything it still would have been nice to see an improvement in his lyrics. With this new album he's still saying basically the same thing he has been in his previous albums",0,0,"Aug 14, 2015"
5,"Rocky comes through and changes his sound to an extreme druggy feel to it all, which works on some tracks like 'Wavybone' and this first half of 'Jukebox Joints' but gets way to heavy on many moments on this LP. It has its likable tracks but all together this album it too thick for liking",0,0,"Dec  8, 2015"
8,"One from the best albums this year. Rocky gave us a great music. ALLA is a really narcotic album, but this is just a style of Rocky. 'Pharsyde', 'Canal St.', 'Max B' favourite tracks.",0,0,"Dec 19, 2015"
8,"Never would have thought that I was going to like the vast majority of an A$AP Rocky joint.
A.L.L.A. provides us a more confident and improved version of the Harlem rapper. Better flows, rhyme schemes and still just as charismatic as before. Even his lyrical content improved. Not a lot, but the jump is definitely noticeable.
The record also sports some of the most masterfully crafted production on a Hip Hop record in recent years, going toe to toe with Travi$ Scott's 'Rodeo'. From hazy, immersive low tempo sounds on 'L$D' and to an extent 'Everyday' ft. Rod Stuart & Miguel, to hard hitting bass rattling bangers like 'Max B', 'M'$' ft. Lil Wayne and the two punch combo of 'JD' and 'LPFJ2'. A.L.L.A. has got you covered with these treats for your system.
Even most of the guest artists did their thing. ScHoolboy delivered on 'Electric Body', and Weezy snapped on 'M'$'. Rocky also brought in James Fauntleroy into the mix.
There were only few missteps on the record. 'Fine Whine' ft. Future & M.I.A. just didn't really grab my attention. The same applies for 'L$D'. Not a bad track per se, I just really didn't care for it. (Or I simply wasn't in a L$D mood)
A.L.L.A. is an absolute joy to blast in your car, in your house, in your earphones,in your headphones, in your TV, in your.......
Fav Tracks: M'$, Max B, Everyday, Holy Ghost, Wavybone, West Side Highway, Electric Body, Pharsyde
Last Fav Tracks: Fine Whine, L$D",0,0,"Jan  8, 2016"
8,"Holy Ghost-
This is a great track with a catchy gospel instrumental and a few clever verses here and there. This is one of Rocky's most unique and well done tracks.
Canal St.-
Another great track with a really good Bones appearance. The hook is extremely catchy The instrumental is well done and there are even more clever lines. It's definitely a ear worm track, and one of the best on the album.
Fine Whine-
The quality just takes a nose dive. Rocky's performance is boring and hard to listen to. The hook is nothing to write home about and then we have 2 AWFUL features from M.I.A and Future. Yes, this is EASILY 2nd the worst song on the album.
L$D-
Rocky's singing might be boring, and the lyrics and instrumentals are not good at all, I grew attracted to it for some odd reason. This is an extremely laid back song that can actually be decently pleasant to listen to while you're going to sleep or even while you're making some bad decisions on some good drugs.
Excuse Me-
One of the best instrumentals on the track list here. It is for sure catchy, and the hook is pretty well done. While the lyrics are average and have some cringe worthy moments, it didnt take away much of my enjoyment.
JD-
It's 1:30 and is just filler. Skip it. No good lyrics or beat to save it.
LPFJ2-
Another short song, but it is one hell of a banger. It's an extremely fun and trippy song with no substance in the lyrics. But I do like the trap flavored instrumental a whole lot. I frequently listened to this song.
Electric Body-
You think it will start off one way, and it just takes a sharp left turn. It's surprising and it's awesome. The great beat, which is A$AP styled, and the aesthetic are really good. SchoolboyQ does a good job on his verse, and he fits right in there. The end of the song, while the beat is still really good, the singing is just NO.
Jukebox Joints-
This song has a feeling that brings me straight back to the 90's and early 2000's. The beat and most of the lyrics are old school, while still maintaining that pop appeal. Kanye West had some great verses, and I enjoyed this song, A LOT.
Max B-
Oh My God. Joe Fox and A$AP Rocky pair up with each other on these next 2 songs, and they're amazing. Max B is a very aggressive and dark song. The lyrics and beat are pretty fantastic, and we get to see a whole other side of Rocky we havent seen yet. His delivery is probably the best performance by an artist in 2015. (Snoop in One Shot, One Kill is the best)
Pharsyde-
An extremely chill song with very grimy bass, and it's fantastic. some lyrical moments are really good on this song too. joe Fox again is here to say that he is an amazing artist. A$AP has another great performance. Just listen to it.
Wavybone-
Track after track Rocky has shown he can be a very good artist. Wavybone is probably the most artsy track on here. The beat has gospel like vocals to back it up with a very jazzy tone to it. I thought UGK and Juicy J had some really good verses, and Rocky proves he can be versatile when he goes in. The lyrics are good and overall, an amazing track.
West Side Highway-
This track is okay if you ask me. There is a hook that involves some pretty good and grimy vocals. The song didnt over stay it's welcome, which is good and made me enjoy it a little more. however, this is just a filler track and you don't have to listen to it. But you won't want to kill yourself if you do.
Better Things-
This song may take a while to start, but it's still a great track in my opinion. Not cause of the lyrics, but the beat and the aesthetic. The beat is this monotone piano riff that is so freaking catchy. Rocky has another spot on performance. While the hook is weak and the vocals on the 2nd half are just gross, it's still a good track.
M'$-
Now, we have our first mediocre song after a while. M'$ has a great beat, but Rocky's performance is SO boring. The lyrics are awful and the quality is all over the place. However, I loved Lil Wayne in this song. The lyrics are still awful, but he goes in HARD, even though his vocals are full of effects.
Dreams-
Why we needed this awful interlude on here, idk. It's so bad. 2:17 is still long for this piece of crap. It's the WORST song on the album. EVERYTHING sucks.
Everyday-
But thank god, we have this saving grace. Everyday is a great track, and it is just so satisfying. Rocky has another great performance on here, with the best hook on the thing as well. The surprising performance from Rod Stewart just fits in a lot better than I thought he would.
Back Home-
This is the finale, and it ends on a REALLY high note. This track has another great piano beat that is fast and snappy like the flows on this track. What a way to end a great record.",0,0,"Mar  8, 2016"
8,"8.0
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz",0,0,"Aug  9, 2016"
8,"I was pleasantly suprised with this album. Like the emotion and rawness of this record and it is a pretty solid effort with some standout songs. He made the most out of the momentum he has due to his release.",1,1,"May 31, 2015"
8,"Awesome comeback album from Boosie. I will say that it is a bit long and contains too many filler tracks, but the man was in jail for damn near 6 years so I can forgive the man, he was sitting on 1,000 songs! Production-wise it doesn't really take any risks, but then again there aren't any real misses either. Lyrically this is the best Boosie has ever been, and his pain and his losses are reflected in this brutally honest testimony. Boosie is back like he never left in the best way possible.",0,0,"Jun 15, 2015"
8,"Really good album, his best in years, the beats are for the most part good to great, Boosie is raw, aggressive and sharp on the mic and touches on emotive subjects. Retaliation is my favorite track, really worth the purchase!",0,0,"Jun 24, 2015"
9,"An incredibly fun album, Shamir's Ratchet is a great escape from the pretentiousness of modern indie music. It is what it is, and what it is is really fun to listen to.",1,1,"May 27, 2015"
8,"A quirky, likable and disco-infused ride that points towards a bright future for the Las Vegas based artist, who seems to have a clear vision of his career, as well as the confidence to make it a reality.",0,0,"May 22, 2015"
8,"This is an album, and an artist/group, that deserves much more attention than theyre currently getting.
Also, I still hate character minimums......",0,0,"Mar  9, 2016"
9,"This is definitely the most diverse album yet from Twenty One Pilots. It's very hard to put these guys into just one genre, but if I had to it'd be pop. They have catchy hooks, and pretty good production.
1. Heavydirtysoul is a great, fast-paced opener. (8/10)
2. Stressed Out is a fun song. The best of all the singles. (9/10)
3. Ride has one of the best hooks on this album. (9/10)
4. Fairly Local is ok. I thought tracks 2, 3, or 7 could've been the lead single. (7/10)
5. Tear In My Heart is a very catchy song. (8/10)
6. Lane Boy is a standout. It addresses their musical style lyrically and I thought it was very catchy. (9/10)
7. The Judge is w/o a doubt the best song . It has been stuck in my head for the past 15 days. (10/10)
8. Doubt is a very trappy track and it's fun. (8/10)
9. Polarize is very catchy. Awesome hook. (9/10)
10. WDBWOTV is my least favorite. Idk it just hasn't stuck with me. (6/10)
11. Message Man is very Imagine Dragons-esque and I don't really like it (6/10)
12. Hometown is such a dance song and I love it. I can hear this on any radio station. (9/10)
13. Not Today is fun. (8/10)
14. Goner originally came out in 2012 and was very short. I prefer the new version; however I wish the 'noose' tying noise was still in this new version. The outro is chilling. It's just a great way to end this amazing album.  (10/10)
Mathematically (based off my reviews) this album is an 8.2 but the overall package deserves a 9. Definitely recommend this album to anybody who likes: Pop, EDM, Alternative, (and maybe rap or trip-hop?)",1,1,"Jun  3, 2015"
8,"one of the best album that i ever heard in my life to date. All of the songs are great and the lyrics are well written thanks to this album i become such a huge fan and i could not be more proud.
my score:
1. Heavydirtysoul 9/10
2. Stressed out 10/10
3. Ride 9/10
4. Fairly local 8/10
5. Tear in my heart 9/10
6. Lane boy 10/10
7. The judge 7/10
8. Doubt 7/10
9. Polarize 9/10
10. we don't believe what's on TV 7/10
11. Message man 7/10
12. Home town 10/10
13. Not today 8/10
14. Goner 9/10
overall: 85",1,1,"Jun  4, 2016"
10,"There aren't too many albums that hit you like a sledgehammer on first listen. Blurryface is one of those records, but it's a complex game trying to put your finger on exactly why.
This is the fourth album from the Ohio natives, but this is the first time they've come across my radar.
The duo treat genre barriers with contempt, criss-crossing from radio-friendly pop-rock to emo, reggae and hip-hop with a fair smattering of hard electronica, both within the album and even within songs.
It's an intriguing mix, bolstered by strong songwriting, from uber-catchy opener Heavydirtysoul to the jingly-jangly We Don't Believe What's On TV with lyrics such as 'I don't care what's in your hair, I just want to know what's on your mind', and the reggae-rap of Lane Boy, on which they seem to address their genre switching: 'They say stay in your lane, boy, but we go where we want to.'
Blurryface is a mind-blower - check it out.",10,14,"May 30, 2015"
9,"The music and beats completely kick butt, however what separates Blurryface from other pop/hiphop albums are the lyrics. They aren't about money and drugs, but instead hardships, trials, and victories. Even the most fun of their songs are intelligently written and filled with relatable stories. Aside from the fact that each track is amazing, the album itself seems to flow like no other album of the genre. It starts a bit grittier with 'Heavydirtysoul' and ends with one of the most beautiful and tragic songs ever to be put on Disc...'Goner'. This album is a must buy.",2,3,"Jul 18, 2015"
10,"It's an album that pretty much reveals Tyler Joseph's alter ego, Blurryface (It can be heard on Stressed Out on the line 'My name's Blurryface and I care what you think' and during the last few seconds) and puts the duo to a next level of rap rock. People can learn something from what he is saying (or rapping) on the album, which is what makes this album a great breakthrough. Long live schizo-pop. Do not listen to the two negative reviews already posted here, listen to the album and decide for yourself.
Update: I was going to give this an 8, but because of the negative reviews, I decided to bump it to a 10.",5,10,"Jun 11, 2015"
0,"This was by far the worst album of 2015. Twenty one pilots is a group that is marketed towards adolescent girls that are trying to be edgy. The lyrics are whiny, the production is all over the place, and the vocals are not exactly outstanding. 0/10",4,8,"Mar  7, 2016"
6,"Vessel was better I was expecting more. I don't get the hype for this album. It has a great couple of songs (Tear in My Heart, Heavydirtysoul, and Polarize). I can't really list it any higher.",1,2,"Feb 13, 2016"
10,"There is no weak song in this album, compiling rock, pop, rap, reggae, dance and a little dubstep for an amazing compilation of Tyler's struggle with his alter-ego, Blurryface. He talks about his wife killing Blurryface in 'Tear in my Heart' and shows it in the music video. They especially hit it spot on with the teen angst and emo genres as well as being able to resonate with almost everyone with at least a couple songs. There is no song on this album that you want to skip, every second is worth listening to.",1,3,"Sep  3, 2015"
10,"I'm in love with this album, Twenty one pilots are my favorite male artists. About the album, all the songs are stuck on my head, and my favorites are Heavydirtysoul, Fairly Local, Message Man, Hometown.. all!",1,3,"Oct  4, 2015"
2,"Pretentious in every sense of the word. The raps were incredibly underwhelming, and the instrumentals which skipped around too many genres (reggae, pop, alt-rock, and hip-hop wouldn't sound very well together) were equally as underwhelming. I heard a lot of good things about this band but there wasn't nearly enough to back up the enormous praise it's been getting.",1,4,"Jan 28, 2016"
3,"On twenty one pilots's second major(ish) label album, they continue making the same style of warm, angsty pop present on all of their previous records. However, blurryface marks a distinct change for the duo, as they attempt to explore different genres within their sound. However, this proves pointless as even though they experiment in multiple ways (reggae influenced melody, pitched-down vocals in a very southern rap style), they constantly return to the SAME EXACT POP FORMULA. No songs on the album are distinguishable for experimentation with song structure, timing, vocal styles (even the track with VOCAL EFFECTS is nearly identical) or lyrical content, something else lacking on the album. Very rare are both the incredibly impactful lines that cause great emotion or introspection, as well as the very abstract metaphors/similes/sensory lines that cause ANY form of thought. The entire album is the same faux-nonchalant angst with no variation, leading to an album that interests for around 15 minutes, then becomes as interesting as watching paint dry. Scratch that, actually, because paint drying isn't obnoxious. In reality, it's as interesting as watching paint dry while listening to Pulse Demon on full volume. Save your money/time for something interesting like Neon Indian or pretty much anything else. 3/10",1,7,"Dec  2, 2015"
2,"'Tear in My Heart' is a good song. The rest of the album rips off rap, is produced like pop, and markets itself as alternative music. Some enjoyable moments, but for the most part it's just weird and annoying.",1,15,"May 28, 2015"
7,"Twenty One Pilots seem to represent pop music in all its essence in 2015/2016. A fusion of hip hop and alternative pop, 'Blurryface' seems to have been just what the general public wanted at the time of its release. With its massive commercial success and with its many hit singles having so much airtime, I now find it  hard to want to bang on the album. The radio has given me Twenty One Pilots fatigue. The album itself is very well written musically but I wonder about how future proof the production of it will be, especially some of the synth sounds used.  Lyrically, its got some interesting themes but I'm left unconvinced by the delivery at times. 'Blurryface' is decent without ever being fantastic.",0,0,"Jul 18, 2016"
8,"(To start of - 21 Pilots doesn't air on Radio in Czech Republic, so keep that in mind) First i randomly found the 'Stressed out' song, which got me interested. At first - i didn't like the whole album, but over time i started to like most of the album... Some songs are good for it's lyrics and some are not, but on the other hand they offer interesting genre mixture, which present fresh experience. Person has to give BlurryFace a shot to let it get under ones skin. Personal Favourites: Stressed Out > Lane Boy > The Judge > Tear in My Heart > Polarize > Ride",0,0,"Apr 27, 2016"
8,"I don't usually listen to this kind of music, but songs like 'Stressed Out' really caught my attention, partially due to my friend constantly blasting the same song over and over again! Anyways, thought I'd give this album a try, and... it's pretty good!",0,0,"Jul 14, 2015"
8,"This album is great and highlights all of the insecurities that one could face in the music industry. It's great to see how much this band has evolved.",0,0,"Jun 15, 2016"
9,"A good mix between mainstream sounding song writing and very individualistic and sometimes avante garde song writing. The lyricism here is as good as ever, albeit the occasional pandering to a more mainstream audience, Twenty One Pilots still manages to pull of a solid record whilst becoming more accessible.",0,0,"May 31, 2015"
10,"Twenty One Pilots Blurryface is surprisingly a step up from the successful Vessel album and features even more similar songs with a ton of hits. Blurryface is an album strong and solid enough to have enough powerful songs and lyrics to keep fans listening to album for a very long time. (A)",0,0,"Sep  5, 2015"
9,"With catchy upbeat music along with poetic lyrics that has a deeper meaning, Blurryface has shown that Twenty One Pilots  can tell a consistent story about depression and insecurity through music.
Rating: 9/10
Pros:
+Upbeat music
+The lyrics written by Tyler Joseph are poetic, honest and relatable that has a deeper meaning if we can try to analyze the lyrics more.
+The not so subtle lyrics about God and his faith on his religion doesnt feel preachy at all.
+The concept album has a very consistent story about depression and insecurity.",0,0,"Aug  3, 2015"
9,"Twenty One Pilots' fourth studio album is strange, genre-bending and consistently entertaining. There's no weak track on the album. The songwriting is top-notch with some great memorable lyrics like 'My taste in music is your face' and 'I don't care what's in your hair/ I just want to know what's on your mind.' The duo crosses multiple genres with ease and originality while also keeping a steady tone.",0,0,"Jan 11, 2016"
10,"the best album of the year, very good excelent lyrics and melodies, too simply, is an album that is heard from beginning to end without skipping any tracks, the best is 'ride'.",0,0,"Aug 22, 2016"
9,"Favorite album of the year so far! Even though the album is still a little of a mess and it still has it's awkward moments, the album has improvements from every angle. Very satisfying album since it is perfectly in between their sound evolving while it still doesn't sound too different from their previous work. There's not one song I don't like on this album, despite some songs being more memorable than others. I can't wait to see what Tyler and Josh come up with next.",0,0,"Jun 10, 2015"
8,"A crtica deu a nota certa para o Blurryface (deveria ser um 89, mas enfim). Blurryface  um lbum conceitual, com letras difceis de entender e recheado de msicas fascinantes.
Pontos Altos: Doubt, Hometown, We Don't Believe In TV
Pontos Baixos: Message Man, Not Today, Polarize",0,0,"Jan 11, 2016"
9,"Such a candid album! I never thought I could have enjoyed Alternative Hip Hop (or Hip Hop at all) but this album speaks to my inner teenage angst and sorrows and embraces inner awkwardness.",0,0,"Jan  4, 2016"
5,"Coming from a huge fan of Vessel, this album is, at best... Very disappointing.
Starting with Heavydirtysoul, you can tell they were kind of going for the same sound of the opener on Vessel, Ode to Sleep. With both of these songs there is a very poppy, catchy chorus with a darker, heavier sounding transition during the verses. However, Heavydirtysoul combines a Prodigy-esque verse with a nonsensical, repetitive chorus that quickly wears on the nerves.
It goes through the motions a few times before opening into the first single from the album, Stressed Out, which is by far one of the best songs on the album, and my second favorite. At first when I heard this song I didn't like it either, but this song shows some of their strongest songwriting on the album, and is very reminiscent of the material on Vessel.
Ride is a reggae/dub song that isn't too bad, although the processed vocals on this track just detract from the atmosphere of the track. The singer sounds like he's crooning through a speaker with slight water damage for most of the song, hold the chorus and a bridge toward the end, with another very annoying repeating lyrical cadence. There seems to be a trend on the album where the singer uses as few words possible during choruses, and stretches words out with strange pronunciation and eccentric vocal choices. This heavily detracts from the overall semi-serious tones they're going for with the themes on this album.
Fairly Local opens up with what sounds like a small town local bragging about it like it gives them street cred, followed by a very annoying 'ooh-ooh-ooh' cadence and short bursts of lyrics from the singer, leading to a very disorienting listen, and one that doesn't have much traction.
Tear In My Heart is another song on the album that I don't mind too much, but it is again, at most, decent. While I did like the pop sensibilities on Vessel, they were sprinkled throughout with moderation and taste for the overall product, and songs like Tear In My Heart go to show that they're going for a more straightforward approach with their influences, which can be good, but just isn't here. And even this song slows down quite considerably after the first minute, trading witty lyrics and clear vocals for intertwined, short bursts of words and repetition again.
Lane Boy is another reggae/dub ode over some terribly processed vocals from the singer. This has the most interesting beat on the album I think, but the rather bland bass line and, again, the vocal processing, just don't allow me to enjoy it as much as I want to.
The Judge is very surprising on first listen, just because it's so drastically different from everything else on the album, but in a good way. It opens in a way that may remind you of House of Gold, but quickly opens into a very catchy chorus, followed by some of my favorite verses that the singer raps on this album. It switches from sounding slightly menacing to very upbeat and happy between the verse and chorus, but achieves this more successfully than any other song on the album, and some of the lines he raps in this song will definitely remind you of Vessel, although this song doesn't seem like it belongs on Vessel (which is a good thing, again.) Definitely my favorite on the album.
Doubt opens up to a pretty promising beat, but quickly becomes a repetitive mess. Not too much to say here.
Polarize is, well, a pretty polarizing listen. Not sure if it's intentional or not but it's pretty difficult to follow. However this is one of the better songs on the album.
We Don't Believe What's on TV opens with a ukulele riff that is very reminiscent of House of Gold before launching into a very upbeat song backed by a country-esque drum beat in the back. This song is great, and has some of my favorite lyrics on the album. Probably my second favorite.
Message man opens up decently, but as soon as the vocals come in I can't listen anymore. It gets even worse during the chorus when they slow down the tempo and put in reggae guitar and slow raps, before getting back into the intro (which I guess is the chorus, too). Decent, but really not great.
Hometown isn't horrible but isn't good. There isn't much to say here, besides that it's the least memorable track on the album.
Not Today opens up again with disjointed raps and nonsencial lyrics, but gets a bit better as it goes on. The chorus is okay, the bridge is okay, but that's about it.
Goner, the album closer, is a terribly mellow and kind of sad song. Not really what I was expecting to end this album of mostly upbeat music at all, and it really feels out of place, especially here at the end of the CD. If this wasn't the closer I think it would fit more.
This album isn't terrible, but it really isn't that good either. If I was forced to listen to this album without being able to skip songs it would probably getting a 3, but there are a few redeeming songs on this album that do make it worth while, especially for fans of their older stuff.",0,0,"Jan 13, 2016"
6,"Blurryface is less than the sum of its parts. Genre mixing is encouraged as long the experience remains cohesive - it is not here evidently. A confused mess that could have been great with a more focus",0,0,"Feb  4, 2016"
10,"Genre-blending and introspective lyricism can be found from start to finish on twenty one pilots' fourth LP. The concept of Blurryface helps create a cohesion to what could have been a genre hopping disaster. Instead, listeners are treated to one of the most well put together albums of 2015.
Favorite Tracks: Heavydirtysoul, Ride, Tear In My Heart, The Judge, Doubt, Polarize, We Don't Believe What's On TV, Message Man, Hometown, and Not Today.",0,0,"Feb 18, 2016"
7,"Most of it sounds good but there's some unnecessary cheesy, over-the-top pop **** that do nothing to help the album. The lyrics are extremely overrated and tell stories I do not care for. The jokingly pointless/ random lyrics that I guess are meant to compliment the darker themes are just cringe-worthy and unneeded. I've tried to understand what they mean but even with a deeper meaning they just sound childish. The change in style throughout the album is refreshing as many tracks sound similar and if ordered one after the other, they could become repetitive. Many credit the band for writing music about 'relatable' issues and although this may be accurate, it's annoying that because of the band's up beat, pop, hip-hop sound, it could deter listeners from other pieces with similar lyrical meanings as many of these other musicians and acts pair darker topics with darker sounds. Despite this, some may appreciate their ability to pair dark themes and lyrics with up beat music but I couldn't help throughout thinking that the lyrics are extremely pretentious. From a casual listening view (the way it seems this album was meant to be listened to) the album is actually quite good, the music itself on most tracks makes for pleasant listening but because of the mismatch of the lyrics and sound, the album is a 6 to a 7.",0,0,"Feb 20, 2016"
9,"This is an awesome album! Guys keep up their consistent theme of thoughtful/philosophical poetry based lyrics. The sound of the music itself is kind of a passionate and genre-bridging mix of rap, rock, indie pop, hip hop, emo, electronic and reggae music (which varies depending on the song). Plus the singer both raps and sings in most songs.",0,0,"Mar  4, 2016"
10,"I have recently read other comment and feel that I should join the conversation. Many people are in love with twenty-one pilots like I am, but there were also some, not a lot, negative comments. Everyone has their own opinion and mine is that they are great. This is a band of two who make a living off of music. These two put feeling and truth behind their lyrics. In this world they are putting simplistic words into complex rythem and tune as they try to spread a message of living life to be happy. Tyler has been through a lot and just wants others to know that your not alone because when he was younger there was no one for him. I personally believe that this is a great album, and it may even be one of their better ones as this album has much happier and upbeat song such as, stressed out, lane boy, not today, fairly local, etc..",0,0,"Mar 14, 2016"
8,"8.0
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz",0,0,"Sep  3, 2016"
9,"Blurryface pode at ter seus pontos baixos, mas o lbum em si  maravilhoso. O conceito, embora parea confuso, muito bem colocado no lbum e a dupla mostra que sabe fazer um trabalho digno. As faixas que se destacam das outras so 'Doubt', 'Hometown', 'Heavydirtysoul' e 'Ride'.",0,0,"May 30, 2016"
9,"This album definitely isn't for everybody. I understand the people that think this is a pretentious in cohesive mess of an album. I on the other hand, really liked the production. It carries a lot more depth than the production on Vessel. Tyler has always been an excellent songwriter. And while the Blurryface concept is kind of phony and generic, there is not one bad song on this album.
Heavydirtysoul: Best song on the album. Tyler's rapping has never been better. Josh has never been more exciting on the drums. (10/10)
Stressed Out: (7.5/10)
Ride: Verses are a bit top heavy (7/10)
Fairly Local: Strings n bass (8.5/10)
Tear In My Heart: Those synths make the song. (9.5/10)
Lane Boy: Love the record label bashing. (7/10)
The Judge: Wish the tempo change didn't exist. (7.5/10)
Doubt: This type of song shouldn't work but it does. (7.5/10)
Polarize: Awesome beat. (9/10)
We Don't Believe What's On TV: CRIMINALLY UNDERRATED! (9.5/10)
Message Man: Worst Song here. It's kind of a mess. (5/10)
Hometown: So nostalgic. (9/10)
Not Today: Just really fun. (9/10)
Goner: Lacking a little until that huge drop at the end. (9/10)",0,0,"Jul  7, 2016"
7,"One common theme in reviews of Blurryface is variety of genres used throughout the album. The variety in the individual tracks makes it an incredibly radio friendly album (i.e. the heavy airplay of Ride and Stressed Out). However, this variety makes the album as a whole feel very awkward and disjointed. Twenty One Pilots try to make the album more cohesive by having much of it revolve around certain themes but the uncertainty in genres reduces any cohesiveness. Overall, the individual tracks work well on their own, but feel awkward when listened to as an album.",0,0,"Jul 26, 2016"
10,"One of the best Albums of 2015.
Ride, Stressed Out, The Judge, Heavydirtysoul, Fairly Local, and Polarize are my favorite songs from the album.
You should really listen!",0,0,"Sep  1, 2016"
8,"A good mix between mainstream sounding song writing and very individualistic and sometimes avante garde song writing. The lyricism here is as good as ever, albeit the occasional pandering to a more mainstream audience, the band still manages to pull of a solid record whilst becoming more accessible.",0,0,"Sep  9, 2016"
7,"Solid effort from the big boss dogg! Great production from Pharrell gives it a unique sound that bends the hip hop genre in ways that we have never seen. Only knocks are that the sound/content stays pretty much the same all the way through and though his credentials as an MC are untouchable, he can't really sing too well. Nonetheless, there is great vibe to the music, and considering that this is the same dude that came in the game as a gangsta rapper, the fact that he barely rapped on this project at all and it is still enjoyable marks a great example of artist growth.",2,2,"Jun 15, 2015"
7,"Yes, the songs are all similar. Yes, Snoop got lazy and so did Pharell. But that doesn't mean the songs are bad. They're all extremely listenable. There are plenty of great funk influences to be found hidden amongst Pharell's layered production. Snoop flows through each track like a puff of smoke, and some of the features are particularly good. I wish they did more with Stevie Wonder, but what he did do was ground 'California Roll' in an element of soul. Personal favourite on here has to be 'This City' - the lyrics aren't out-of-this-world but the instrumental is by far the best you'll find on the entire album.",2,2,"Jun 13, 2015"
9,"Very good album produced by Pharrell with great melodies, a new style of music coming from snoop, but all songs very similar to each other, but, Its always good try new stuff",1,1,"Oct 13, 2015"
8,"snoop is 43 years old or something, the fact he can still make enjoyable music at this age is actually pretty awesome, probs a light 8 or 7 for this project, it's solid, lacks a little but not gonna notice when your high as **** production is great and snoop still has his vocal talents so ever present. fun listen",2,3,"May 13, 2015"
10,"Incredibly detailed, layered and generally stellar production from Pharrell, with Snoop sounding rejuvenated and truly invested in these tracks. This album is the definition of cohesion, each track effortlessly flow into the next and always grabs the listeners attention with the rhythms and melodies. The lyrical content may be repetitive from Snoop, but the writing is by no means bad. These tracks all have memorable lines and choruses that accompany the production and succeed in evoking smiles and chuckles from the listener. The features are used to enhance a record, acting almost as an instrument themselves such as the legendary Stevie Wonder on the track 1 'California Roll' a highlight of the album. This album doesn't have fillers weighing down the album's run time and it's Snoops best album since 'R & G (Rhythm & Gangsta): The Masterpiece' which also features stand-out moments between Pharrell and Snoop. I understand that many won't feel this rating but I'm basing this on the musicality of the production, memorable lyrics and how entertaining it was for me. I definitely recommend this to anyone reading this, just don't go into this project expecting Snoop to be spitting 16s as the album's whole concept is Snoop and Pharrell reviving 60s and 70s funk, an interesting concept even before listening to the record and even better once you press play.",2,3,"May 13, 2015"
9,"Talk about G-Funk. Nate Dogg just got dethroned. This album is a non-stop Funk ride, and I can't help but tap my feet when listening to it. Almost all the songs would go great at a party, or cruising down the street in your SIX-FO.",2,3,"May 22, 2015"
8,"This album is sonically amazing, pharrell produced his ass off on this album, if you go into this close minded you wont enjoy it at all. At 10 songs each song flows perfectly into each other creating a great listening experience",2,4,"May 15, 2015"
7,"You can put this on and listen to the whole thing without one complaint, and that's a credit to the production team. The album goes through several styles, mostly staying within the trend of something that you'd expect to find from at least 15 years ago, instead taking you to a pre-Kanye, fuzzy hat clad, pigtail-braids era, West Coast scene where Snoop was undeniably king.
One of the buzzwords to describe this album is 'retrofuture', but it is more retro- than -future. This album is nostalgia for Snoop's heyday and it rarely makes an attempt at covering up its agedness, if you don't count the inclusion of Kendrick Lamar on the last track. It sorely misses the late 90s/early 00s and would surely have fit better if it came out then.
It isn't groundbreaking, creative, or even new, but it can provide some enjoyment, and is reassuring to Snoop fans that he hasn't given up on hip hop just yet.",1,2,"May 21, 2015"
8,"BUSH is a very good album, even without Snoop Dogg rapping but Pharrell really does a great job helping with this album I love the musical guests and I just love the mellow sounds
ESSENTIALS: Peaches and Cream,  Edibles,  and California Roll",1,2,"May 12, 2015"
4,"So.....The album is over produced by Pharrell and all the songs have the same rhythm and production for me. The best tracks are: This City and California Roll",1,3,"May 13, 2015"
0,"once again, snoop dogg displaying his mid life crisis for everyone to see. sit down in an old folks home somewhere. im listening to his no limit catalogue and its much better than this garbage.",1,8,"May 14, 2015"
3,"Not even Pharell could save this round piece of sh*t. Its Snoop on Autotune. Sound good? Do it does not. I like the Snoop tried something like this-new sort of speak(atleast for him). Snoop on Autotune may have been interesting 5 years ago when T-Pain and the like were doing it. Now, it just sounds lazy.",0,3,"May 13, 2015"
8,"I've liked snoop dogg for years and watched him change and grow as an artist. I've noticed snoop raps and croons on alot of his rap albums and he's got the skills. But this album caught me by surprise. I love the super laid back snoop singing over those smooth jazz tracks... Great music to just kick back and chill to. To me this is a breath of fresh air. Also special shout out to snoops last effort 'reincarnated' snoop lion, that was really good as well in a different way.",0,0,"May 25, 2015"
9,"This album is perfect for just jamming the whole album through. As a long-time fan of Snoop and G-funk & Rap as well as Funk and R&B, I couldn't have asked for more from the Dogg. A great album.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2015"
7,"This album is so groovy, so funky , certainly gets you up on your feet to dance your ass off. Snoop Dogg is a living legend and besides his stoner persona he has offered a lot to the black sound",0,0,"Jan 13, 2016"
8,"Hey, Snoop and Pharrell did an album! Unless youve been living under a rock, you should be familiar with Pharrells recent catalog (Happy, Blurred Lines, Get Lucky, et al), so just sprinkle some Snoop on a few of those type of tracks, and thats what we have here. Cookout music! They kept it short and sweet with just 10 songs. Theyve created the perfect backdrop for a Summer time, backyard, 30 & up, grown folks set (line dancing, linen outfits, closed-toe sandals & Hennessey included). The opening song features Stevie on the harmonica & background vocals (yesss!!!), and the rest of guest appearances work as well (see Uncle Charlie, T.I., Ross, Duckworth & Gwen Stefani). Play this while getting dressed for, on the way to, during, or on the way back from the party.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2016"
9,"The Good Fight is another solid release from Oddisee. His experience as an instrumentalist truly shows in this composition, and the lyrics are truly unique. Ultimately, he continues to bring flow and lyricism to a new level with each release, with The Good Fight being no exception.",0,0,"May 25, 2015"
5,"As I started listening to the album by the Wu-tang member and I got to the 3rd song, I began to realize why I haven't liked his previous efforts- there is no variation in his work. By the time you get to the 3rd or 4th song, his voice his nauseating -almost irritating. Wrapping nonsense into rhymes has always been his 'flare.' Although there are some nice beats and guest appearances to the album, I can't keep this in my collection",0,1,"Apr 28, 2015"
2,"Having unfortunately glanced at the album artwork I knew this album would be disappointing; the only good records Raekwon has ever made have been both parts of 'Only Built 4 Cuban Linx'. The music itself on this album is, of course, unvaried and uninteresting; the production is stock, the lyrics are egotistic, and Raekwon's flow is monotone and dull. Besides, Raekwon just isn't interesting enough to sustain 40 minutes of attention, as features from Rick Ross and even French Montana (God almighty) prove to be far more engaging. But worst of all, this album is just pathetic; the point at which this album hits its lowest point is 'Heated Nights', in which an attendant greets Raekwon (in his sad fantasy world of money and power) and states, complete with awful acting, that 'the guns are going off in celebration of your arrival, my friend; you're a god in this city; they look up to you here'. What a load of bollocks. Most infuriating of all, the attendant goes on to say that Raekwon's 'financial background is suitable' enough to buy a house on the coast of Argentina. This unjustified and untrue braggadocio reveal this album to be utter **** Raekwon is broke, offering to review mixtapes for $200 dollars each. Then again, just like every other member of the Wu-Tang Clan, Raekwon is still living in his fantasy world of the early- to mid-nineties, unable to understand that his glory days of good music are long gone. [D-]",0,0,"May  9, 2015"
7,"i like this but too many guest appearances such as 2chainz, french montana, and asap rocky. best songs heated nightz, all for you, i got money. i enjoyed this better than ghostfaces last few.",0,0,"May  1, 2015"
5,"as much as i understand that raekwon wants to reach a broader audience he seems to be forgetting his core fanbase as well. the album is weighed down by too many guest appearances. not a problem, but as we noticed on his past works hes gotten stellar production as well as guests to rap side by side with, here most of them are like the production itself on a few songs are not really inspiring. seems on here raekwon has abandoned the production from his wu tang brothers and affiliates to more radio friendly sound. as a fan i will love his past works with wu and a few solo projects but this one will be forgettable.",0,0,"Mar  2, 2016"
8,"Solid overall project by the Chef. Best job fusing allot of craic sounds with new. The production was unique to each track yet sill seemed cohesive. Rae brings his signature crime stories but allowed the  features to shine with Snooo returning to Deep Cover Form, Asap Rocky with a killer closing verse. Busssa buss delivers then we had some late 90s early 2000 Reggae in the mix. Just a few skipable tracks in Wall to Wall  French Migrants Montana and , the track with 2 chainz for an obvious attempt to fill in a weed track. Ghost appears as expected and kills it so Overall with the varied production , good features even by Ross and who I don't normally credit but he did his thing. The replsy value is good and Chef mixed up a Gumbo b of style sounds, old and new along with clever skits make this a very good listen",0,0,"Jun 14, 2015"
7,"Dont let the album features or the cover art deter you. This is a Raekwon the Chef album, sans a couple of tracks. Kudos to Rae for not trying to emulate any other regional sounds on this album. This is some straight up, gritty, NYC, gutter, street hip hop.. sans a couple of tracks. I got 12 seconds in to the joint with Estelle and just couldnt. The cut with Melanie Fiona was palatable until they Felicia Keys it up on the chorus. Aside from those 2 whiffs and couple more debatable tracks, very solid album. My favorite tracks 2, 3, 4, 8, & 10.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2016"
8,"Overall, Yelawolfs sophomore effort is a definite improvement on his debut album Radioactive. Though I am an apologist for that album and did enjoy it, this is certainly a step up from that and really hit some major highs in the form of tracks like Devil In My Veins, Love Story, and Have a Great Flight. American You, Best Friend, Tennessee Love, and Disappear, also really stood out to me and showcased Yelawolf at his very best. However, what really held this one back from being better is the length. I am not opposed to longer albums at all, but only when every track brings something to the table. Sadly, this one had a lot of filler in the form of tracks such as Whiskey In a Bottle, Johnny Cash, and Fiddle Me This. Other tracks could have also been cut to make a more concise project, but that would be a good start. Overall, Love Story proves to us that Yelawolf is not just a good rapper, but a good singer as well and is very capable of blending his country roots and hip hop successfully. Without a doubt, he is a guy to keep an eye on to see if he can continue improving.",1,1,"Apr 30, 2015"
10,"This album is probably in my top 5 of all time already. This album is an emotional roller coaster, the production is top notch and it's been on repeat all week. Yelawolf takes song making to the next level with this.  Love Story will most likely be a classic for years to come when people think of Yelawolf. If you're a fan of hip-hop, you'll love this album. Of course, Yelawolf puts his own country twist on everything which is nice to listen to for a change, but you can always hear the emotion in his voice. There's never a dull moment on the album. So, with that said, give the album a listen!",3,4,"Apr 30, 2015"
10,"bhaha honestly, it's an album that I won't agree with critic reviews, u can feel the passion in his vocals in every song, and the production is actually amazing, it's a little long, but the passion is what music is about, and if I can sense an artist went 100% into making the best project they could, that's a 10/10 for me no matter what,
same thing with tylers album, he's being himself, he's creating music that he loves,
and that's what it's all about.",5,9,"Apr 24, 2015"
9,"This is not a Hip-Hop album. I honestly don't know how to categorize it, and that's not a bad thing that's just how different it is from anything else out there. Rap purists or folks coming to album without an appreciation and an admiration for genres outside of Hip-Hop probably won't enjoy the record. However, 'Love Story' is as musically ambition as K-Dot's 'To Pimp A Butterfly'. Yela does with folk, country and rock music what Kendrick did with funk, jazz and soul music blending and weaving them into his Hip-Hop fabric. Is one better than the other? I can't say but both should be respected for their willingness to be different from the projects of their peers but still stay true to who they are as individual artist.
Yelawolf has never shied away from his Southern roots or his affinity for classic rock (See 2008's Stereo) but on 'Love Story' he does something he's never done before and that's at time completely immerse himself in these other genres. There are many moments where he leaves behind his rapid fire flow for a twangy but smooth singing voice we haven't heard from him before. In fact on some songs like 'Devil in my Veins' Wolf leaves Hip-Hop completely alone to deliver a folk-country tune that would make Outlaw Country icons like Johnny Cash and Waylon Jennings proud. (From an authenticity perspective this may be the most country album of the year.)
'Love Story' is the evolution of Yelawolf not as a rapper but as an artist as he begins to step away and outside of Hip-Hop to not just incorporate other musical and cultural influences but to pursue them. However, the album also provides plenty of moments that prove that Wolf can still rap and flow with the best of them when he so chooses. Here he's just displaying that there is more to Yela than the speedy and visceral rap tracks that made 'Trunk Muzik' & 'Trunk Muzik Returns' some of the most highly respected mixtapes in recent years. The dope thing here is it works because it's completely authentic, never once does it feel as Yelawolf is trying to be someone he isn't.
The album take so many musical twists and turns you are blindsided many times by the direction your going in from one track to another. But, the disorientation is enjoyable and in that way 'Love Story' isn't unlike roller coaster at your favorite amusement park. At times you just want to get off and collect your wits only to get back in line and get turned upside down all over again. So if you enjoy folk, country and rock as well as hip-hop than 'Love Story' is a must listen. If you are strictly a hip-hop fan and only want raps then this album isn't for you, which is fine because deep down I feel like Yela made this for himself anyway. Anyone else, like myself who enjoys it, is just an added bonus to Wolf.",3,6,"Apr 26, 2015"
9,"Overall, this is Yelawolfs strongest project yet. Yelawolf tells his life story, and crystal clearly conveys his emotions with amazing hooks, smooth production and incredible lyricism and storytelling.
Its not perfect, however. It has a weak opening track and, and Complex was right in saying its momentum really fizzles out by the end. The track Skys the Limit shouldve been moved up to directly follow Till Its Gone, and otherwise tracks 14-17 shouldve been taken out. That would've left us with 15 tracks of brilliance.
At the albums best, musicality and sound quality wise, its better than the best points of Kendrick Lamars To Pimp a Butterfly, thats true. But at its worst, namely the dragging out of the song Have a Great Flight, the lackluster quality of Johnny Cash, the all around horrible cheesiness of the opening track and Disappear, and occasional moments of cheesiness scattered throughout the album, it can also be worse than the worst points of Young Thugs Barter 6.'
Even with all of that said, its definitely the one of the best albums of 2015 so far. but dont expect an album of the year nomination at the next Grammy's... and it's definitely not an 'instant classic.'
Great Tracks: Change, American You, Whiskey In a Bottle, Ball and Chain, Till Its Gone, Devil in My Veins, Best Friend, Empty Bottles, Heartbreak, Tennessee Love, Box Chevy V, Love Story, Skys the Limit.
Average/Good but Forgettable/Eh Tracks: Outer Space, Johnny Cash, Fiddle Me This
Bad Tracks: Have a Great Flight, Disappear.
Score: 85/100 (B)",2,4,"Apr 29, 2015"
9,"You often hear artists suggest fusion is the future. Love Story delivers a razor edge that incorporates the roots of rap with a southern twist. This album truly defines Yelawolf as the artist he intended to be without any restrictions from the typical pesky record label that determines what's best. We hear this in the salute to shady on the final track 'Fiddle Me This'. You can hear he has put his heart and soul into each and every track. The album is consistent and flows like a story which is a massive improvement from Yelawolf's previous album Radioactive. Production is flawless and there is no doubt the necessary time and effort went into making everything sound right. Love Story has all the bells and whistles. Perhaps in the past Yelawolf felt he hadn't received the recognitions he had deserved. That may have been rightfully so, however, with this most recent release we can see the evolution of the artist come full fold. It may be time to give credit where credit is due. Yelawolf has emerged as a hallmark artist in his genre. Love Story is an album that gets better each time you listen through it.",1,2,"Apr 26, 2015"
10,"This is far better than Radioactive. I've never though Hip Hop and Country music would be so good together. Tracks like Till It's Gone, Disappear, Johnny Cash, Best Friend, Box Chevy V, American You are so good. Yelawolf has a great growth as an artist. I love his originality. And he can sing !",3,7,"Apr 24, 2015"
10,"This album is amazing, I swear I've listened to this album 5-6 times already and it grows on me with every listen. I cannot tell you the last time I heard an album this good. I kept thinking throughout the album 'Where is the bad song?' I honestly couldn't find one. The production is top notch too. It is amazing to see how far Yelawolf has come as an artist. His lyricism and ability to mix hip hop and country is something I've never seen before. Yeah sure, if you're expecting Trunk Muzik, don't bother. But this is the Yelawolf from Arena Rap and CreekWater, really old school Yelawolf. This is his roots and he's evolved them to where he is now (while incorporating some elements of Trunk Muzik). I don't agree with the critics at all here, this is my current Album of the Year. I hope more people start listening to Yelawolf and especially this album. You owe it to yourself to give this a listen.",2,5,"Apr 25, 2015"
10,"Definitely shows the growth of Yelawolf from Trunk Muzik tunes to Psycho White to Black Fall he's always been versatile but this album tops all of them . A perfect display of all his skills . The only downsides are 'American You' which has a corny pop sound to it and 'Tennessee Love' an amazing song , but being a carry over from TMR it increases the length of the album .",3,9,"Apr 25, 2015"
10,"Ok it isn't the normal hip hop album you here every other day, but that is exactly why it is so good. This album has so much emotional pull, a variety of different songs for different types of listeners. Whoever gave this album bad reviews, you obviously liked at least one of the songs he realised so bought the album.... then gave it a bad review? Yet there's other 'rappers; out there like Tyga, Kanye West, Drake, Lil Wayne etc who are all rubbish and rap about how they have money and **** aload of crap... well in YELA!!
p.s WLPWR's production = amazing",1,3,"Apr 29, 2015"
3,"This is his 2nd album after Radioactive, on which after killing freestyles and guest appearances, was a fair debut. Although not equal to talent of his label mates (i.e Slaughterhouse, Em), he has more talent than what he displayed on this latest album. Yelawolf made a son that appeared on Sons Of Anarchy (til' its gone) which was acoustic and well received. Well this whole album is like that! What a disappointment. Not to say he can't pull it off, but if I wanted actoustic blatherings I wouldn't be into Hip hop. One track was nice, which was the first. But after I didn't like a single funking song! Don't turn into Everlast or some ****",3,17,"Apr 26, 2015"
10,"The critics are just simply wrong, this album is a straight 11/10, 18 songs and none is bad, they are all amazing, like this is probably the best album released in the last 10 years 'cause it is that good, give it a listen people!",1,6,"Apr 26, 2015"
10,"This album is an instant classic, like Trunk Muzik was, even though they are completely different. I get that people could possibly be upset that Yelawolf is taking his music in a new direction instead of sticking to the style of Trunk Muzik, but saying the style he's rocking now is new, is false, as it was a style he attempted to run with back in '05, but it didn't gain any traction.
To the reviewers who say 'It feels like Yelawolf is just going through the motions'... I have no idea what the hell you are smoking, but it can't be good for you as it's making you delusional. How can anyone in their right mind say that what Yelawolf is doing is 'going through the motions'. He has taken his music in a new (technically and old) direction - how the hell is that 'going through the motions'? Going through the motions would be to keep doing the exact same stuff he did on Trunk Muzik or Radioactive.
To be completely honest I would have liked there to be more than just 1 'real' rap song on the Album (Outer Space), but even with just that 1 old school rap song on the album, it's still absolutely incredible and there are not even a single stinker on the album. Not to me, at least.
10/10 Yelawolf is a phenomenon, witness him now or lose the opportunity forever.",0,0,"Jul 12, 2016"
9,"Pleasantly surprised by this album. Yelawolf bends folk rock/country with hip hop in a perfect balance. He's got a great rock-style singing voice (who knew?) and he is able to hold his own on the album without any features (minus the rap God) because of it. There has never been a hip hop album that has ever sounded like this; a very unique production sound that will allow this album to stand the test of time. As a lyricist, he tells his life story and holds nothing back when it comes to his emotions, showing us a side of American culture that is not often exposed to mainstream media. Yela's best release by a country mile.",0,0,"Jun 15, 2015"
10,"Amazing album.  Takes one listen to know its something special and about 10 to really understand the rich layers and emotions tied to this project.  Transcends rap into something completely different in the same way Paul's Boutique did back in 89.  Incredible...can't stop listening.",0,0,"May 15, 2015"
10,"An amazing album, I don't agree with the critics at all here, this is one of the best Albums of the Year. I can't belive how emotional make me feel, Yelawolf sings with the heart and his soul. A mix of country and hip hop.",0,0,"Oct 16, 2015"
9,"Loving this album!  It's not what you'd expect from Yelawolf, but he has a very haunting and rich voice which he uses well on tracks like 'Devil in my Veins' and 'Disappear' (my two favorite tracks).  'Have a Great Flight' is also a fave.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2015"
10,"As far as my opinion goes this is album of the year, at least in the hip-hop world. The beats are good and the lyrics are solid. I do that Tennessee Love had no place on the album since it was part of Trunk Muzik Returns but if Yela really wanted to put old songs on here then Faces with Ed Sheeran would have been a better choice, in my opinion.",0,0,"Nov  7, 2015"
6,"I really, really like this album. Beautiful country-rap tracks we got here, but not everything is OK. There are worse moments on 'Love Story', and Eminem's featuring is tragic.",0,0,"Dec 19, 2015"
10,"This is arguably the greatest album ever made, from a pure objective standpoint of course. Combines witty lyricism with invigorating production and an undeniable charisma from the youngest of thugs to provide the world with beautiful music for the soul. A must listen.",3,3,"Apr 24, 2015"
7,"Its crazy people judge all albums on same one aspect. How i prefer it just take the aspects that the album tries to build on. Young thug was never supposed to be an ill deep lyricist and never pretended to be one. Instead, he made a really solid overall album with a distinct flow and drug themes. Beats are great, production is there as well. 'cant tell' is an absolute winner. Much more memorable album than some of the meaningful lyricists who are unable to deliver",1,1,"May  3, 2015"
8,"Although the lyrics are SOMEWHAT shallow in the aspect of a conscious meaningful, the dark themes and Young Thug's raspy and unique flow allures my liking for him. Makes up for some ... interesting lyrics. Flow and production is straight monster. Love it.",1,1,"Oct 25, 2015"
10,"Barter 6 is the album of the **** year alright. **** tpab, **** kanye, young thug is better than all of them. Wit dem DICKS. Album of a lifetime. If you haven't listened u lost",8,10,"Apr 24, 2015"
10,"Young Thug represents the pinnacle of just not rap music, but all music. In 2015 he has progressed into becoming an artist who deserves to be mentioned with the likes of The Beatles, Kanye West, and Miles Davis. By the end of the year, after his album HiTunes releases, there is a very good chance he will surpass all those named above. The Barter 6 is an instant classic and will be remembered for all time, even your great great grand children will be listening to this as they scooter through the neighborhood in the future. If there is one thing you do in life, listen to the Barter 6.",11,14,"Apr 24, 2015"
10,"On first listen I thought this was trash. But after listening to this album for a few hours its the best album I'be ever heard. Barter 6 forever!!!!!!!",3,4,"Apr 24, 2015"
10,"Good album from Young Thug. Although it doesn't match his previous mixtapes like 1017 Thug I'd say it was good enough to show that he has staying power in the game. Now just wait for MetroThuggin, that will be some real fire.",3,4,"Apr 27, 2015"
10,"This album feels like the first time I heard College Dropout, the first time I heard Section 80, the first time I heard the White Album by the Beatles. Young Thug flows like no other and his style is years ahead of its time. Barter 6 is a 10 and no album this year (with the exception of HiTunes) will top it most likely",8,11,"Apr 24, 2015"
10,"Amazing album, 10/10 pretty much everything was great and overall a perfect eve a classic that will be remembered and cherished for years to come. Young Thug is a genius and amazing rapper and lyricist.",5,7,"Apr 24, 2015"
7,"Yes, I know I'm probably going to get a lot of hate for this review, but Barter 6 is overall a great debut album (or mixtape, as Thug prefers to call it) from Young Thug and establishes him as a figure that will be remembered by some and forgotten by some. For me, though, I think of Young Thug as a rapper that will be remembered for his albums such as this. The lyrics aren't that bad honestly, and gosh, that production is great. He's original, too. I can't imagine anyone else making this album - maybe with the lyrics a bit, but overall Young Thug is distinctive from others. This album doesn't match up to some of his early material, but Thug's on a great start and I'm looking forward to hearing Hy!UN35. (By the way this Metascore is making me laugh, and I actually thought that was Thug singing on Amazing.) Grade: B. Highlights: 'Check', 'Halftime', 'Knocked Off'. Worst song: 'Amazing'",5,7,"Apr 24, 2015"
8,"This is the most ignorant music on the planet. He croons, 'N***, I'm a crack addict' is one of the the most honest lines on any record. Point blank, if you love straight rhymes and ignant music this is one of the best releases out right now. Young Thug is not for everyone. He is strange and has his own style that is on its own designed for its target group. There are no tracks with catchy hooks but simply a display of concepts Young Thug has thrown in pass releases sprinkled with shots at Wayne. In 'Can't Tell ft. TI & Lil Boosie' he displays some of the most interesting rap-sung verses heard in a while. It's hard to fathom that Young Thug is from Atlanta. His rapid delivery are sprinkled in songs like 'Halftime' and show how technical he is. The thing about this mixtape is it shows how much potential Young Thug has. This is a good release for Atlanta rap fans or just fans of real fun dumb rap music. Young Thug is a genre on its own.",5,7,"Apr 24, 2015"
10,"Blassik this is an entertaining album that anyone should give a listen! Check it out! you wont be disappointed !  i give it a solid 10/10 the whole album can be heard without missing a song !",9,13,"Apr 24, 2015"
10,"I've never heard an album so powerful, so convincing, so gutwrenching. From start to finish this project is a worldwind of emotion. From the beautiful orchestration of Constantly Hating, to the flows of the century on With That, the best guest verses in years by MPA Duke, Yak Gotti and Young Dolph, this album brought me to tears. The highlight for me is numbers. He's chasing dreams. Free Meek Mill. Giving this album a 10/10 is a crime because there should be a number higher than 10",9,13,"Apr 24, 2015"
10,"This is a bertified blassik mixtape. While it doesn't completely display Thugger's prowess in full, it is an amazing debut solo mainstream project. HiTunes 8/28",8,12,"Apr 24, 2015"
6,"The production and originality would merit this record a 9/10, but the lyrics and vocals would put this as a 3/10. We'll meet halfway for the most overrated/underrated record of the year.",2,3,"Apr 24, 2015"
10,"I hated on young thug but i have to say. This is the album of the year. Barter 6 > Under Pressure. Been on repeat since I bought it on itunes. I actually dont even like logic anymore. I am officially a thugger lover",7,12,"Apr 24, 2015"
10,"Good mixtape . Young thug - the future. Young thug very good performer . I advise you to download this mixtape , I listen to 3 times .Good mixtape . Young thug - the future. Young thug very good performer . I advise you to download this mixtape , I listen to 3 times .",5,9,"Apr 20, 2015"
8,"Young Thug, displays his usual tendencies with more warmth. This attribute is at home with the Nostalgic 808's and dream-state trap beats. His Producers such as London on the track create landscapes that enables Thug to propel above his Atlanta peers. There is something to say about Lil Wayne though, we see that, there is a ghostly presence from (2008) Lil Wayne that is prevalent  throughout the tape. However we are not missed by Wayne one bit, as Thug gives us that Aroma and much more. His flow is captivating and never disappointing, it leaves the audience at the edge of their seats, as he wonders with wand from one track to the other. 2008's Wayne Rnb-rap approach, seems more polished in Thugs arsenal. He uses it to effect as he weaves in and out in strategic fashion; uses melody as a way to engage the audience to what he is actually saying.",5,9,"Apr 20, 2015"
10,"Definitely one of the best new school rappers, better than drake, kenny, kanye, etc, and Thugger always brings original topics and flows that you know nobody else would be able to come up with.",2,4,"Apr 24, 2015"
4,"Average album. Rhyme so simply, worst worst, horryfiyng beats., didnot like anything of this album...
giving this album a BNM its a irony....
Average album. Rhyme so simply, worst worst, horryfiyng beats., didnot like anything of this album...
giving this album a BNM its a irony....
Average album. Rhyme so simply, worst worst, horryfiyng beats., didnot like anything of this album...
giving this album a BNM its a irony....
Average album. Rhyme so simply, worst worst, horryfiyng beats., didnot like anything of this album...
giving this album a BNM its a irony....",2,7,"Apr 24, 2015"
0,"probably the worst album to come out, and p4k giving an 8.4 is even worse. Anyone who can confidently and subjectively give this album over a 6.0 is either a hype beast or a complete **** idiot.  I mean, personally i can see why people enjoy young thug. He fills a niche, a collective of music listeners who are to dumb to listen to lyrical content and only like listening to melodies and presumptuously homo-erotic personified meme rap. If that's your shtick, well ok. Have fun smoking your penis, young thug **** baes.",3,13,"Apr 24, 2015"
0,"This mixtape sounds like a vomite honestely. All the songs sound the same.
This is a shame for hip hop community and a drink to the meme rap.
This **** Young Thugger, make some mistakes, some BS, gay ass statements on the mixtape... its soundz like **** like 80% of hiphop",1,6,"Apr 24, 2015"
0,"Lmao young thug team trying to hard to defend this  trash word  to the 6  worst trash album in historyholy ****  word on blood to my slimes this **** is  the worst  **** of life and thats on my woes",2,13,"Apr 24, 2015"
0,"0/10 .................................................................................................................................................",0,1,"May  2, 2015"
0,"This **** aint nothing than samesy. Memerap.
0 score for spamming the music industry.
young Thugs sucks.
This **** aint nothing than samesy. Memerap.
0 score for spamming the music industry.
young Thugs sucks.",0,16,"Apr 24, 2015"
0,"I literally wanted to kill myself  - to begin worst rapper alive,  way too sus,  who the **** listens this **** and likes it ? if you do kill yourself.   Young thug worst rapper alive and ever will be",0,4,"Apr 24, 2015"
2,"Recycled flows. Uninteresting word play. Beats are samey throughout. It's not completely unbearable, it's just completely uninteresting. So I think two out of ten is a fair score.",0,1,"Jun 29, 2015"
8,"A morally repugnant album with few well thought moments but immediately beautiful. This is very much an 'in the moment' type of album, very much so because Young Thug, like his Idol turned rival Lil' Wayne, comes off the top replacing perfection with an electricity and raw magnetism rarely found these days. By no means is this projects atmosphere particularly fast paced, on the contrary, the beats are extremely hazy and sludgy but Jeffrey Lamar Williams is an agile MC with an impressive command over melody whose voice can take off at a moments notice. In short, its thrilling. Whether crooning inaudibly or rapping in a triple time flow, he remains very much in control of his voice, utilising it very much like an instrument. The melodies are complete ear worms, immediately catchy, sticking in your head and if you're anything like me, staying there for days.
Many expected this project to be the 1 in a million debut that would push the critics to sing nothing but praise but unfortunately its much more low key. You'll find nothing here like Stoner, Danny Glover or even the fairly recent hit Lifestyle. No song is, as expected, extremely out there and eccentric, Young Thug has created a fairly straight forward debut which actually pays off by affirming his status with a number of songs that despite being safe, are nothing like what the rest of the game is doing. Young Thug is flying ahead while the rest of the rap world is playing catch up, this record proves he has no sign of slowing even if it isn't quite the leap we believed was coming. Lead single 'Check' is the albums greatest moment, a song so brilliant that it could at this point possibly be his best. Featuring a sinister, brooding and even harrowing beat that Young Thug attacks so well you'd swear he wasn't just talking about literally getting a check and instead emptying his soul, fears and pain onto it. Its this ability that fascinates me so deeply, he's so emotive despite not actually discussing anything with substance. Its as if his sub conscious is bleeding through all the egoisms and boasts and the lavish hedonisms is all too much. To put it in context his singing is very much reminiscent  of the Coctau Twins despite the fact I'd bet any amount of money that Young Thug would of never heard of them.",0,0,"Aug  8, 2015"
2,"While there's no doubt that Young Thug is 'unique' in that he is an eccentric artist, that doesn't necessarily translate into good music. In fact, this mixtape/album is very underwhelming overall. Young Thug raps with at least a recognizable level of energy and charisma, but his verses, which are often incomprehensible and unintelligable, frequently sound very much like a bad freestyle, with rather bland bars that often lack direction or wit. And even if one decided to ignore his lyricism and focus on other aspects of the album, there isn't enough in the way of production or features to make this even a decently satisfying listen.",0,0,"Jan  4, 2016"
0,"Hahaha this guy is hilarious! young thug is nothing but a knob shiner. He rides on Birdmans ****. He also sound like a woman 8/10 times i hear a song of his.",0,0,"Aug  3, 2015"
5,"I'll admit that Young Thug tried his best with his unusual style of rapping on the Barter 6. A few songs on this mixtape had great potential. Young Thug's mentor Birdman actually tried to get somewhere with his bars on 'Constantly Hating' and 'Knocked Off'.
Despite the efforts put into this mixtape, the rivalry with legendary rapper Lil Wayne is the pet peeve that I still have with Thugga. Thugga was pretty insensitive about at-first naming his project 'Tha Carter VI' when Birdman (for some unnecessary and stupid reason) has not even released Lil Wayne's long-awaited and hopefully to-die-for album 'Tha Carter V'.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2016"
7,"The hate on thugger is ridiculous that project is a musical revolution thugger is a GENIUS and that is a #FACT FrFr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Jan 14, 2016"
10,"Flames is an understatement,, Thugger executed it so swiftly in this project................ just wow, what a beautiful work of art. Now excuse me while I go and bump this album in my car",0,0,"Feb 12, 2016"
10,"This album snoozed some Metro Boomin, but Thugger proved he can come up with a good project without Metro! I honestly this album, I saw a side of myself no one has never seen, not even me. Amazing production, fire lyrics, and very solid features. Did not upset at all. This album is out of this world!",0,0,"Feb 14, 2016"
8,"As I listened to this album I thought, 'Tyler changed his style again!'. This is something very interesting, to see an artist walk among several vertex of Hip-Hop. It can be a very complex and noisy album, but it is still very well done and by far contemporary. Tyler, The Creator: a real rapper that doesn't never fail.",11,16,"Apr 15, 2015"
5,"Cherry Bomb was precisely what I feared it would be, a cluster of great tracks which illustrate Tyler's musical talent, and duds which present themselves as contrived rebellion against the industry... or something.
The album opens with the intense, guitar-heavy and brilliant 'Deathcamp' where Tyler's N.E.R.D. worship is unsubtle indeed, followed by the equally creative and enjoyable 'Buffalo', where Tyler's personality and abilities as a producer shine through. 'Find Your Wings' conveys a rather unfamiliar side of Tyler as a song-maker, its smooth, relaxed nature being totally contrasted by the following cut, the dire title track. The second half of the LP features standouts in the beautifully arranged '2Seater', as well as 'Smuckers' where he collaborates with heavyweights Kanye West and Lil Wayne to great effect. Also appearing is the statutory rape paranoia anecdote 'F-ing Young/Perfect', in which a great hook and excellent production is slightly let down by some rather lazy lyricism (awkward genital related bars etc.). Overall I cannot see this being seen in retrospect as Tyler's strongest effort by any means.",4,8,"Apr 15, 2015"
8,"Cherry Bomb showed Tyler's progression and maturity rising musically wise. The final product turned out to be a poor man's N.E.R.D 2.0 but it was still a nice album",3,6,"Apr 15, 2015"
8,"Such a progression is the reason why this album is so great. It's only been out for two some days and you can already tell how much more into the production of the album Tyler was. This album is coated with Tyler's regular 'GOLF WANG' shtick, yet he's just so much more mature in this album. The beats are lush and the bars are great for the most part.",2,4,"Apr 15, 2015"
5,"The thing about me not really liking this album is the production. Tyler's voice is mixed so badly, you could barely make out what he's saying. Another thing that turned me away is the sounds in the album. Tyler seems to be throwing random collages of soundscapes and genres from heavy metal to r&b throughout the whole. Apart from the lyrics, this album is messy, hectic and all over the place. I would however, give him credit to the fact that he's trying something new like he always does but Tyler could just work out better with another Wolf or something. Just saying...",2,4,"Apr 18, 2015"
6,"Don't get me wrong, there are some really great tracks on Cherry Bomb; in my personal opinion the best parts of the album are when Tyler's production gets a key role (2seater, perfect have a lovely jazz influenced sound), but i think his lyrics really lack any substance. At first listen I really thought that it was a stellar effort but the depth isn't there, the lyrics tend not to inspire - comparing it to some other rap artists' albums which have came out recently it's a bit timid. Fair play to him because he is so original and his production is so unique. It's not a bad album but hardly groundbreaking.
(also thank you tyler for sparing your album this time of your friends jasper + taco)",1,2,"Apr 19, 2015"
4,"Tyler, The Creator may have matured, but he brash hardcore in your face styling of his music hasn't. Building on thoughtful and provoking large ideas, Tyler fails to see most of them through and in the end Cherry Bomb is an ultimate flop that feels like a derivative of anyone of Tyler's idols.",1,2,"Apr 21, 2015"
4,"1st reaction was 'Jesus Christ my ears are bleeding Tyler why would you do this', but the more that I listen to it the more that it is growing on me. It is still absolute **** compared to Wolf and Goblin, but the few tracks that shine on this album do shine very brightly.",1,2,"Apr 23, 2015"
10,"To no surprise, Tyler changes his style again. However, this album seems to be his largest progression. It is as if he fuses together themes and his musical production from his previous albums. The synth and emotional singing from Wolf, the flow and deep-cutting 808's from Goblin, and the raw and unadulterated flow from Bastard. This album isn't as concise as say Wolf. Wolf, in my eyes, is a masterpiece because of his old style to new beats. Cherry Bomb sounds to me as Tyler states, 'Named the album Cherry Bomb because greatest hits sounded boring'. It literally has everything any OF fan could want for any album of his. Do you like Wolf? Here's 'Find Your Wings', 'Blow My Load', '2 Seater', and **** Perfect'. Like Goblin? Here's 'Buffalo', 'Run', 'The Brown Stains', and 'Smuckers'. Like Bastard? Here's 'Deathcamp', 'Keep Da O's', and 'Pilot'. There is something for every fan on this record, and it's god level if you loved all three of his previous albums like I did.",8,20,"Apr 15, 2015"
5,"I appreciate Tyler trying some new things on this but in my opinion it just isn't a solid project throughout with songs like Run and keep da o's weighing the album down however I do like some of the production on this (Deathcamp, the brown stains, smuckers). In my opinion he should have focused more on his rapping instead of the beats",2,6,"Apr 15, 2015"
3,"Another bummer for me. Hate me or not but Tyler is just so boring to hear. His lyrics and his beats aren't great. To be honest I think Goblin was the best album for me. Cherry Bomb is just a piece of **** Horrible for the ears.",1,4,"Apr 16, 2015"
0,"hurt my head, my ears felt like bleeding. Probably one of the worse listening experiences i have ever experience din my life. Also shoutout 'Say Wallahi' on ktt that **** is the man. **** wit me",5,22,"Apr 16, 2015"
6,"1st half is not good unless you are fond of bad production and Heavy Metal
2nd half step's it up and Smuckers is one of the best songs this year so far but it still lacks a lot of things
6.3/10",2,10,"Apr 15, 2015"
10,"One of the most multifaceted hip-hop records this year. In both meanings of the word it is really inspired. Tyler, The Creator presents his most beautiful production skills ever on the table, one time he brings in a beautful soul song, the next track is a heavy Death Grips-esque banger. Great record, together with To Pimp A Butterfly one of my favorite hip-hop records this year! :)",1,5,"Apr 18, 2015"
4,"There are moments on this album that stand far above anything Tyler has previously done. Tracks like Death Camp, Pilot, Find Your Wings, and 2Seater show Tyler's true prowess as a producer. However the album is marred with tracks that show the opposite as well. Songs such as Run, Cherry Bomb, and Keep da O's all exhibit either horribly boring production or absolutely awful mixing. At times really do love this album, but it was ultimately brought down by lackluster tracks and bad mixing.",1,6,"Apr 15, 2015"
1,"This is trash. Honestly this piece of work is a disrespect with the fans and hip hop community. This is trash. Honestly this piece of work is a disrespect with the fans and hip hop community. This is trash. Honestly this piece of work is a disrespect with the fans and hip hop community. 2/10",0,4,"Sep 12, 2015"
1,"Respect for attempting something new and experimenting in terms of instrumentals as it is important all artists do that, but I just dont think this particular one came out sounding good. You can really see his production limitations showing on parts this album and the lyrical content is largely boring and starts to sound like a cliche of himself.
Another note, the best verse on the album is Kanyes.",0,3,"Apr 17, 2015"
8,"8/10 .................................................................................................................................................",0,6,"May  2, 2015"
7,"Cherry Bomb has an entirely different sound and subject matter as his 3 previous albums. This is great as it feels fresh and new rather than continuing where Wolf left off. The whole message behind the album is positivity and finding your purpose/what makes you happy in life which Tyler refers to as 'Finding your wings'. The first 3 tracks of this alum are fantastic with unique beats and an angry/hungry flow from Tyler. Deathcamp and Smuckers are definitely the stand out tracks of this album with great production, lyrics and two amazing features from Kanye and Lil Wanye. The lows of the album are the over-distortion on some tracks making it hard to understand Tyler even while reading lyrics, especially on the track Run even though I enjoy the overall message of the song. Another low are the songs **** Young/Perfect and Blow My Load which were underwhelming compared to the rest of the tracks. Overall I enjoy this album and is a solid release from Tyler. I would recommended any fan of Tyler, the Creator or new school hip-hop/alternative fan to give it a listen.",0,0,"Apr 17, 2015"
8,"Cherry Bomb marks Tyler's total departure from his original music, which I enjoy as well.  Tyler is able to keep his aggressive and in your face vibe, while tackling more advanced issues and improved lyrical reliability. He has improved his production with more jazz inspired songs, and is not afraid to take leaps of faith throughout the LP.",0,0,"Apr 18, 2015"
10,"This album utilizes all of the best aspects of Tyler's music. The chord changes are beautiful, the synths sounds just as mesmerizing as ever, it has the best features out of any Tyler album with Kanye, Wayne, and Keli Ulchis all here. Overall just a beautiful project.",0,0,"Apr 19, 2015"
3,"Oh boy am I ever excited to hear Tyler stans overanalyze the hell out of this and gush over how edgy and how purposeful he is. This is grade-A certified trash for the most part, aside from some great highs such as Find Your Wings and Smuckers, but those ones barely fit on the album. For the most part, Cherry Bomb is cluttered, hectic, and annoying. On top of that, it is greatly offensive to listeners of music because Tyler thinks we want to hear this crap. Man oh man does he ever need to head back to the drawing board. I never loved his stuff, but this was extra bad.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2015"
3,"Tyler is an artist which excites, he does nothing without a large amount of hype surrounding it. The sudden announcement of Cherry Bomb coinciding with a new track **** Young' surprised most, what is more surprising though is the direction Tyler takes here.
In the very first track Tyler explodes onto the scene with a huge riff straight out of an N.E.R.D release, he even states the impact N.E.R.D had on him in the song. This punchy opener is about as good as it gets, Tyler lacks direction on this record and although production levels have vastly increased since Goblin in 2011, Tyler's ideas are all over the place.
Tyler squanders potential which he once had again in this record by being far too experimental for his own good. Do yourself a favour and go listen to Bastard and Wolf which will show you the true quality and talent that Tyler possess'.
Highlights: DEATHCAMP, **** YOUNG",0,0,"May  4, 2015"
6,"Cherry Bomb is a weird album. Tyler has always been a weird musician (and person) but this album is Tyler's weirdness at its peak. What's not weird about this album? Tyler's singing (something he's always wanted to do but never attempted it much before on his previous albums) to his high-pitched vocals (again, something that he's never really done on his previous albums, or on ANY album, this commonly) to the excessive mixing are all some of the weirdest things I've ever experienced in musical history. And this weirdness of his is original and good (except for the excessive mixing). The main problem with Cherry Bomb, however, is how well this album could be divided into four separate EPs. There have been many albums that contain a diverse musical style (MBDTF comes to mind) but most of them have been able to tie the songs together well. This album, however, does the opposite of that. How is it possible to believe that 'Deathcamp', 'Find Your Wings' and 'Cherry Bomb' are on the same album? Tyler is trying to be creative with his neo-soul/N.E.R.D./high vocals/distorted songs, which he is, but it's ultimately ruined by how the songs don't flow together.  There are a few skits but they are just random. His production has been great on his previous albums, and Tyler, the Creator has never been very lyrical, but songs like 'Find Your Wings' simply have a lack of lyrics and songs like 'Cherry Bomb' leave listeners skeptical about what the beat is actually supposed to sound like, and most importantly what Tyler is saying. Overall, if you can accept the fact that Tyler is weird, you won't hate this album but if you limit your listening to a few artists, you will hate this album. Grade: B-. Highlights: 'Deathcamp', 'Run' (I actually like this one, believe it or not), 'The Brown Stains of Darkeese Latifah Part 6-12 (Remix)', 'Smuckers'. Worst songs: 'Cherry Bomb', 'Find Your Wings'",0,0,"May 27, 2015"
7,"The Boy T, open your eyes about this guy, he's a creative musical genius, but to an extent where his experimental lyrics, production and themes go over the top and make listeners confused by why he presents these. Tyler's goal of using excessive and over the top lyrics is to desensitise certain words. If you look into the lyrics he paints a pretty important message about lifestyle themes. The reason for a 7 not higher or lower is that there are songs where I just cannot play without getting a headache or skipping. The reason for not lowering is because Tyler is doing what he does, his art and he's doing well, his fans are happy and he frankly doesn't give a 'f**k' about critics (doesn't really care too much about being banned from countries). I am excited for Tyler to continue as an artist and keen for his new work as much as I enjoyed Cherry Bomb. ODD FUTURE for life.",0,0,"Sep 22, 2015"
2,"I always think artists should evolve they're music to keep things interesting, but on this record, Tyler just goes so far that the music is non enjoyable. He really didn't make a rap record here, its just a mess....",0,0,"Dec  8, 2015"
6,"Certainly some interesting stuff in this album. There were a few tracks that I liked a lot, like Find Your Wings, 2Seater, Smuckers and Buffalo (My favorite). I guess my biggest issue with it is the bad production in some songs (on purpose or not, doesn't matter), the title song, Cherry Bomb, isn't so bad in its essence, but its noisy production ruined what could have been a good song.
Nonetheless, the album as a whole can be pretty enjoyable. (Especially if you don't mind some noise and distortion)",0,0,"Dec 10, 2015"
9,"I absolutely love this album, Tyler steps away from his dark themed lyrics and turns to something more joyful.  And surprisingly...  does it VERY well. It took me a couple listens to get used to the bad mixing  the distortion, and overall inconsistency of this record, but after that. I love every song on this thing. The production is also a plus for this record, songs like SMUCKERS and OKAGA, CA show a more type of light hearted type of production for Tyler, and it fits well.",0,0,"Dec 22, 2015"
9,"Even if Tyler changed style. It isn't for bad. This album is a true masterpiece that is gonna make you have dreams with its sudden beat changes and chill parts sometimes and raw parts other times.
This is definetly in my 2015 top 10 best albums list. I liked his raps but sometimes the music were too loud and Tyler's voice too low. only bad point. I absolutely love this. Tyler better stay like this instead of some Goblin **** Cherry Bomb> Wolf> Bastard> Goblin
Favourite tracks: **** young, smuckers, 2seater, deathcamp, buffalo
Worst track: Keep da o's
And cherry bomb isn't that bad. It's a great song to rage too.",0,0,"Feb 26, 2016"
10,"This album is Tylers best work, whilst at first confusing many listeners with songs like Cherry Bomb and Keep Da O's I feel that this album and particularly these songs need several listens before you start to truly get a feel for it. Songs like Find Your Wings and 2Seater are beautifully composed whilst deterring from what we are used to with Tyler in Bastard and Goblin. His change in style with the increasing use of muted jazz instruments in songs like Smuckers, 2Seater and Find Your Wings are perhaps what many people do not enjoy about this album as it isn't as hard hitting as some of his older works. I think Tyler can truly can master most genres and shows that in this album. Whilst I do find it lacks a common sound that most albums may cover I think that certainly doesn't deter it from being an amazing piece of work",0,0,"Mar 21, 2016"
9,"YES, LOOK HERE. LISTEN THIS IS VERY **** IMPORTANT YOU NEED TO LISTEN TO THIS **** This is pop/rock gold the only other album that might be better this year is death grips. mebbe",1,1,"Jun 25, 2015"
8,"Young Fathers have dropped a surprising sophomore record just one year after their first, and they've quickly changed focus from hip hop to a lo-fi pop aesthetic. The result is a melodic, complex, and unique experience.   The songwriting is memorable, the vocals are strong and enjoyably intense, the instrumentation is experimental and very interesting - overall, I've not heard many records that can pull of what White Men Are Black Men Too does. It delivers a multilayered, complex listening experience while still remaining accessible.",0,0,"May 13, 2015"
8,"It saddens me that Young Fathers continue to move further away from hip hop.  The hip hop songs that YF recorded have always been their best, most interesting, and most envelope pushing.
That said, WMABMT is an improvement on the experimental pop side of their sound.  It's a very good album; it's more cohesive than Dead was, and has a more consistent sound, but part of the charm of early YF was the variety of sounds you'd get from one release.
If you like the lo-fi pop songs of YF, you'll love this.  If you're looking for hip hop, you won't find it, but you'll probably still enjoy the record.",0,0,"May 22, 2015"
10,"Intense and genius, these are the best adjectives that we can give to this record. Young Fathers has made a great work, uniting strong and ironic lyrics, just talking about real life, with exotic melodies, creating songs that we weren't waiting for, what makes the album **** awesome. White Men Are Black Men Too can be one of the best albums in 2015. It's very good to listen, you won't waste your time with it.",0,0,"Apr 20, 2015"
9,"Even though some label Scotlands Young Fathers as a PBR&B group, they are decidedly more serious about their perceived image in hip hop than the aforementioned Action Bronson. In fact, the alternative rap trio are closer in alignment with Kendrick Lamar: both artists are interested in using their medium to deliver social and political messages. The difference is that Young Fathers rely more on lo-fi elements in their production, like swallowed bass and slightly fuzzier vocals. Each song sounds very intimate, like the listener is allowed to live in their groovy, foot-tapping world for roughly three minutes. Its simultaneously immersive and distant, certainly one of the most unique and important recordings of the year.",0,0,"Jan 31, 2016"
8,"The ever consistent Spitta delivers a very good project to complete his solid 5 year trilogy. In typical Curren$y fashion he puts forward lyricism related to his day to day experiences and lifestyles of the rich & famous. His ability to paint a  picture is not limited on here and as always, recruits very nice, laid back production. Curren$y nowhere near disappoints as he delivers what he knows fans want to hear and sure enough has the 4/20 anthem of the year right here but beyond this, he doesn't look to step outside his comfort zone or push the bar. He plays it safe but plays it very well...keep it goin Spitta!",1,1,"Apr 11, 2015"
10,"This album is so under rated... Its a masterpiece imo.  Curren$y's best work and that's saying a lot because he's released PLENTY of quality material.  He's always had a great ear for beats but the production on this album is spectacular.  The way the lush instrumentation blends with the soulful samples is truly awe inspiring.  Spitta doesn't re-invent the wheel when it comes to his technique here tho.  He actually does the opposite and takes a more minimalist approach; stripping his song structure down to one extended verse on many tracks.  I think this works perfectly with the dream-like production and the entire album plays like a constant stream of consciousness and soul.  A closer listen reveals that the lyrical content has far more depth than the 'Weed Rap' stigma that has become synonymous with his sound.  The intricate lyrics tell the story of a remarkably consistent independent artist whose musical empire has become far more like a multi-million dollar drug ring than a underground rap operation.  Highly rewarding for the patient listener.",1,2,"Apr 10, 2015"
7,"Big Spitta fan here, but his remarkable consistency with the amount of work might hurt his case a tad with this  album. The production value is on point as always, and gives the fans exactly what they would have expected in terms of a sound and a lyrical/content/vibe perspective. However because of this, there are no tracks that jump out at me on this project despite the overall great vibe and cohesive sound to it. Good project, but I've heard better from Mr. Andretti, and thus I have come to expect as such.",0,0,"Jun 15, 2015"
8,"A completely critically underrated album. Ludacris is rapping like he means it, and this album shows that he is a necessary addition to the rap game. He raps about various topics over the course of this whole album, and the beats are great too. This album isn't necessarily a perfect album (see 'Not Long'), but it deserves way more than a 62 as a Metascore. Grade: B+. Highlights: 'Beast Mode', 'Come and See Me', 'This Has Been My World', 'Call Ya Bluff'. Worst song: 'Not Long'",2,2,"Apr  6, 2015"
10,"Most music publications are letting the lack of buzz for this album overshadow the fact that Ludacris just dropped his most CONSISTENT album since CHICKEN N BEER. This album is better than TRLD, RL, TOTM and BOTS (his worst album).
His production, flow range, subject matter and overall execution is CONSISTENT from beginning to end. The only thing missing from this album are hit singles (which you don't always need to make a quality LP).
This album is an easy 4 out of 5, or in Metacritic's case, should be damn near a 70.",1,2,"Apr  4, 2015"
7,"Despite the lack of originality and overall cohesion on this project, Ludacris cements his longevity in the game with Ludaversal. There is a good variety of beats on this album complimented by Ludacris' infamous flow. He also provides a peak behind closed doors and touches on some personal aspects fans may not have known before. In reality, I would give this a 7.5 but lets be honest...this man is a vet and has always stayed true to himself and the game, most importantly.",1,3,"Apr  3, 2015"
5,"It's true that Ludacris is a great rapper, but this is not his best album. 'Come And See Me' & 'Good Lovin' are the best, 'Not Long' is the worst, while others are too mediocre.
So, basically, it's an album that has its ups, but also its downs.",0,1,"Apr 11, 2015"
4,"Ludacris is a good rapper, but this just isn't a great album. Ludaversal isn't a horrible album, i'm not sure I would even call it 'bad', and it did have its moments, it had a great into, and a couple of the songs were re-listenable, but most of the time, Ludaversal feels very generic and falls flat. I recommend the EP counterpart of this, Burning Bridges (which is on the Deluxe Edition of Ludaversal) , but Ludaversal is just to generic and unoriginal to recommend.",0,1,"Apr  6, 2015"
8,"This album was born to be put on when just going for a ride in the whip and you need something that bumps. Every beat goes hard and Ludas silky smooth flow compliments all of it so well. All of the features do their thing and add something to the track and Luda himself sounds incredibly hungry and motivated throughout. This is Ludas best album since 2006s Release Therapy and this quality is exemplified in tracks such as Ludaversal Intro, Call Ya Bluff, and my favorite track, Ocean Skies. All around a quality album, this one was well worth the long wait in my eyes.",0,0,"Apr 14, 2015"
7,"The latest Fast & Furious films were thrilling, Ludaversal a little less. It sounds unfair but one of this albums best tracks actually brings it up
Make no mistake, the Atlanta based rapper-actor is blessed with a gift for puns and flow speed variations. His often imitated, never duplicated style makes this album another good track list to his discography. I didn't feel lifted by the usual southern hip hop vibe but the album managed to bring some surprises with a fewer guests than on his previous records. Ludaversal offers more than decent music and tries to keep what made his past success something worth listening to carefully. The main weakness its way of staying in a safe zone trying to please a crowd that grew faster than him. Nostalgia? Maybe, the album could have cut deeper for sure but Ludacris has maintained his humor and his rap skills are undeniable.
Best track: Grass Is Always Greener
Exact Score: 7",0,0,"Apr 29, 2015"
8,"The long awaited Ludaversal proves to be worth the wait. Another really solid album by Ludacris who adapted his style for the 5 years he skipped, but still keeps up with his native Atlanta sound.",0,0,"Apr 22, 2015"
10,"Although the two sides of this mind blowing double album have little in common (besides the the reference to 'Have a sad cum bb' on Pss Pss off of Jenny Death ) they are both brilliant albums when taken separately and the fact that they come together is just a kind of bonus for the listener really. The first disc, N*ggas On the Moon, might be Death Grips most abstract piece to date with chopped up bjrk samples all over it played on a Roland V Drum Kit (well...that's what I heard) by the band's madman drummer Zach Hill. So now I need to talk about the 2nd disc. Jenny death. Fans (including me) were speculating when it was going to be released (or if it was ever) for the better part of a year so when it finally leaked we immediately dropped everything and went to it. All I can say is it didn't dissapoint, although in December I had my doubts that they could create an album that wasn't completely overshadowed by the first single 'Inanimate Sensation' which in my opinion is the groups most energetic and addictive song yet (SO BLOWN OUT). The album sounded as though it's songs would fit in well as a live performance because sitting down and listening to it...it just made you wanna go out and get into a mosh pit. Except from the 2nd to last track 'On GP' which reminded me of pink floyd at one point in the instrumental.
Fav tracks from NotM:up my sleeves, black quarterback, say hey kid
Fav tracks from JD:Inanimate sensation, on GP, I break mirrors with my face in the United states, Pss pss",6,6,"Apr  3, 2015"
10,"i'd just like to say a few words, so first off, yeap, exactly, great, and this also, but then this, omg wait for that, and man, you can never hold all the coconuts. peace out. remember never give up.",4,4,"Apr  3, 2015"
10,"Death Grips has finally finished Jenny Death. With the completion of this double album, the group now has 6 releases over the past 4 years. Fans have been theorizing how this new album could change the sound of DG as it seemed like they didn't have anything left up their sleeves. Would this be the death knell of the group, as they announced a 'breakup' half a year back, or would this bring the group to bigger heights?
I can say without a doubt, that The Powers That B is the best project Death Grips has ever put out. It combines the consistency of Exmilitary, the electrical sounds of The Money Store, the anger of Government Plates, and the paranoia of No Love Deep Web. So many genres have been mixed into this project while still keeping the sound at a level that older fans could enjoy. There's not much else to say. Listen to this if you dare.",2,3,"Apr  5, 2015"
9,"Death grips, at this stage, are most likely dead/or dying. M.C ride, or /mu/'s jesus, has done It again, The Powers That B is absolutely incredible. Personally speaking the first half of the album is more or less that standard death grips affair of M.C ride screaming utter abuse into a microphone while zach hill plays some interesting drums over some interesting and rather unique Samplers and other productions. Yet, once we get to disc 2 'jenny Death' things pick up and we, as /mu/ drones, finally see the change within death grips with absolutely catchy guitar rifts, rather bleak lyrical content, and just generally speaking such a different sound from their previous albums. I mean the song On Gp makes the album for me, the song is about depression and the guitar rifts is incredibly catchy. I just love it so much. Death grips are back, and slowly dying and if the powers that B is their last record, at least they went out with a bang.",1,2,"Apr  2, 2015"
8,"great experimental, electronic hip hop. double album actually gets stronger on the second disc. inanimate sensation, the powers that b are the stronger tracks.",0,1,"Apr 23, 2015"
9,"N****s on The Moon is about an 8/10 for me while Jenny Death is a 10/10 for sure. N*****s on the Moon was very complex and enjoyable on that regard, but ultimately it does not stick in your head like the killer hooks on the second half of this double album.",0,1,"Apr 15, 2015"
9,"(This is my review for Jenny Death only. My review for NOTM can be found on its separate page.)
To put it simply, Jenny Death is THE definitive Death Grips album. I don't think I've ever heard this much balance between all three members of the band before on any of their albums. MC Ride, as usual, has an extremely strong and aggressive vocal presence, and it's at this point in their discography where I'm starting to realize how great of a drummer Zach Hill is. Of course, there's also the excellent production skills of Andy Morin that makes them so unique too. I have loved every one of Death Grips' previous albums (with the exception of Government Plates, which I still relatively liked), but this is one of the most unique, creative, and outstanding albums I have ever heard in my life. Grade: A. Highlights: 'I Break Mirrors with My Face in the United States', 'Inanimate Sensation', 'The Powers That B', 'Death Grips 2.0'. Worst song: 'Pss Pss'",0,2,"Jun 22, 2015"
10,"In 'The Powers That B', they have proven to wield some impressive longevity, as well as the capability of being able to switch up their output without compromise or significant decreases in quality.Both **** on The Moon' and 'Jenny Death', while not similar in most aspects, succeed in terms of standards and excel on both ends of the spectrum.",0,1,"Nov  6, 2015"
9,"Jenny Death saves this two-piece combo for me. I'd give it a light 9, because there are imperfections here and there, but this is a compelling treat. Hopefully it also signals the rebirth of Death Grips.",0,0,"Apr  2, 2015"
10,"TRACK RATINGS
Up My Sleeves: A-
Billy Not Really: A+
Black Quarterback: A
Say Hey Kid: A+
Have a Sad Cum BB: B+
**** Me Out: A-
Viola: A
Big Dipper: A+
I Break Mirrors...: A
Inanimate Sensation: A-
Turned Off: A
Why a **** Gotta Lie: A
Pss Pss: A+
The Powers That B: A-
Beyond Alive: B+
Centuries of Damn: B+
On GP: A+
Death Grips 2.0: A-",0,0,"Oct  9, 2015"
9,"Although my opinion is that NOTM>JD they are both really great and make up a perfectly Death Grips-like double album.
NOTM perfectly combines the glitchy electronica of Death Grips' most critically acclaimed album TMS with the very spacey, psychedelic nature of GP.  Each song flows directly into one another.  While at times the sampling of Bjork's voice can get annoying and repetitive, the level of creativity that is incorporated with these samples compared to the additional beats in the background along with Ride's vocals is quite impressive and keeps each track somewhat different.  The project always keeps you on your toes with its skippy beat changes.  Throughout the listen, MC Ride has various different tones from yelling or screaming all the way to murmuring or whispering. He most notably talks about life, death, suicide, fans, publicity, swagger, black culture, mediocrity, temptation, sexual desire, addiction, overdosing, fads, and overall the universe we live in. NOTM is probably my most listened to Death Grips project because of its atmosphere, themes, and enjoyability.
JD on the other hand is not nearly as cohesive or repetitive.  Each song is its own very distinctive piece with only a few tracks that flow into one another.  It combines the guitars and punk ethos of EM with its own distinct psychedelic sound that sounds almost like NLDW but nothing like GP.  Unlike on NOTM, Ride continues more of his usual tones that consist of just screaming or yelling except for on Pss Pss and WABGL.  I don't have a problem with his screaming or yelling, but I prefer more varied tones in order to add more enthusiasm or effect to the louder tones.  The themes are generally the same as the themes on NOTM, although there does seem to be a little switch of perspective. On NOTM, Ride seems to be tortured by his self destructive habits, but on JD he goes back to his roots of exaggerating the self destructive lifestyle by embracing to a deafening volume.  The only time on JD where Ride portrays any victimized attitudes is throughout the song On GP.  This victimization however is musically displayed quite differently from on NOTM.  This track is more sad and sober to the point of just sobbing uncontrollably.  While on the previous project, it was more like Ride was boddling up all of that emotion in a very apparent way.
9/10 just because of the somewhat overly repetitive samples on NOTM and the tone of Ride's voice on most of the JD tracks.
Overall, loving this double album.  I cannot wait for their next project known as Bottomless Pit.  I'm hoping for them to just keep on creating more amazing music.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2015"
8,"The double album is cool not as great as i expected but still bangs heavy , inanimate sensation might be the greatest piece of art of the 21st century tho",0,0,"Jan 16, 2016"
9,"8.4/10
Probably his best album. TAAN is a very underrated body of work. Definitely a lot better than anything JCole could ever dream of putting out.
Best songs: Girls On Drugs, God Smile, Glass Egg, Matrimony, Body, Pessimist, Middle Finger.
Lots of highlights from the album. 2nd best album of 2015 thus far behind the obvious TPAB.",1,1,"Apr  8, 2015"
7,"TAAN in my opinion is not Wale's best work, but it is his best album. This album shows Wale pushing away from the more Rick Ross/trap-inspired music of MMG and getting back to the style that got everyone hyped about him some years ago, a style that he is more comfortable with and that suits him better. He is very personal, dishing on personal issues, views of society, relationships, etc. The first half or so of the album is on point, with an awesome, attention-grabbing intro and strong works like  'The Pessimist' and 'The Girls On Drugs.' The second half isn't bad at all, but not quite as solid as the first half, although it has really enjoyable songs like 'The God Smile,' 'The Need To Know,' and 'The Matrimony.' The Seinfeld feature on most of the songs was a nice touch, like it was on his early mixtapes, but on some of these songs it was either unnecessary or what Seinfeld was saying just wasn't that important or meaningful. Also, Wale tried to incorporate some singing/sing-rapping (which most artists are doing nowadays), which wasn't necessarily bad but I personally I didn't enjoy too much. But overall I'd say a good job, Wale's best album",1,2,"Apr  2, 2015"
8,"The more I listen to this album, the more I like it. Wale, in my opinion, is way too underrated and I am finding the whole MMG sound (if you can call it that) kinda stagnant...so despite having parallels to mixtape of the same name, I am loving the general vibe of this album and to see Wale step outside the shadow of Rick Ross and Meek.  A few clunkers, but the first track is straight FIRE!",0,1,"Apr  2, 2015"
0,"This Album is his best album since Attention Deficit and isn't as good as it should've been but is still a pretty good album and if your a Wale fan you will enjoy this",0,1,"Apr 12, 2015"
0,"so trash, couldnt stand it. his flow is meh and bad songs uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh trash meh averagerreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee",0,7,"Apr  3, 2015"
8,"I'm a huge Seinfeld fan, so right off the bat, I love the narration and skits from Jerry Seinfeld. However, I was also very impressed by Wale. I enjoyed Attention Deficit and Ambition, but hated The Gifted, and overall, never loved Wale. Here though, he does quite well and constantly has a good flow, delivery, and good song direction. He touches on some seriously compelling topics and does so in a way that is interesting. Far from a great album, I still believe this is his best yet and that I got everything I could have hoped for from this album. Overall, call me a satisfied customer.",0,0,"Apr 13, 2015"
8,"Probably Wale's best (I didn't really listen to The Gifted). Having known Jerry Seinfeld from the Bee Movie, I was looking forward to seeing what this album would be like. Turned out, it was better than I thought it would be. Wale is at his lyrical best here and I love Seinfeld on this album, and I also like the production. My main complaint about this album is that there is too much singing. Grade: B+. Highlights: 'The Helium Balloon', 'The One Time in Houston', 'The Matrimony'. Worst song: 'The Pessimist' (I like J. Cole but the production here isn't great and I hate Cole's singing)",0,0,"Apr  8, 2015"
8,"DON'T LISTEN TO THE CRITICS. This is Wale's best album: great lyricism/content over great instrumentals. Wale is criminally underrated and this album is a very good effort. Its just as good if not better than IYRTITL and one of the best hip hop releases of the year so far.",0,0,"Apr 15, 2015"
9,"The album is great and Wale shows a lot of honesty in his music. He admits his fears, emotions, and what he wants to do within the industry. My favorite tracks are White Shoes and Pessimist, and I feel that this is his best work to date.",0,0,"Apr 22, 2015"
9,"The best rap project i have listened to in the last year. Wale has always been an underrated even though he consistently puts out classics like this. It is not just about the rhythm with him, The poetry is splendid.",0,0,"Jul 11, 2016"
8,"Having a handful of well received mixtapes on his rsum, Action Bronson has the duty to live up to expectations with a cohesive debut album. Production-wise Mr. Wonderful is beautifully composed with a lot of jazz and soul elements that you will not find as properly placed and perfectly arranged in other hip hop albums. Lyrically, Bronson sticks to what he knows best and does not fall into despair by trying to touch on too many pop appealing topics for his first major label release. Halfway through the project, A Light in the Addict shows just how much of a musical understanding Action Bronson brings to the table by letting the bare instrumental serve as an outstanding scenery without too many vocals spoiling it. On the heels of it, the Mark Ronson produced Baby Blue might be hip hop's next mainstream smash hit without losing the project's golden thread. After only twelve tracks, Mr. Wonderful comes to a remarkable ending with Easy Rider once again being evidence of Bronson's perfect approach to the body of work and his choice of collaborators. This is the way debut albums should be crafted.",2,2,"Mar 29, 2015"
9,"This album is great! It takes different turns here and there, in terms of music. For example, there are full on rapping, then there is some blues, and some rock. This is a very complete album, but not necessarily too cohesive like say, To pimp a butterfly by Kendrick Lamar. Nevertheless, it's a fun album, Action Bronson brings his usual quirky style and culinary word play, in other words, this IS AN AUTHENTIC Bronson piece of work. Over the top lyrics, trippy soundscapes, and hard hitting, pure hip hop production all throughout.",1,1,"Mar 25, 2015"
9,"''Im not flawless, I'm gorgeous like a horse'
Action Bronson is wild and authentic. He represents a certain brand of hip-hop I love: crafting an over-the-top, cartoonish WWE-esque persona. He infuses his ultra-confident, warts-and-all personality and razor sharp sense of humor into chronicling his lavish, drug-fueled, sex-crazed rockstar lifestyle. Its his own take on this common rebel-on-the-loose trope filled with original detail and flourishes about exotic locales, gourmet food, and general debauchery. He has a lot of heart to go along with his unique, self-aware perspective. The album art really illustrates how you should approach listening to the album. Sonically, the production and sampling are incredible. Tonnes of stylistic influences, even a sanctioned sample from Billy Joel. Being in an altered state while listening to this enhances the experience.",1,1,"Mar 24, 2015"
10,"What you've come to expect of Mr. Baklava. Absolute absurdity over wild beats. This man has yet to disappoint and I'm very interested to see where he takes his career from here.",0,1,"Mar 24, 2015"
10,"This is album is speaks for itself. It is indeed a wonderful album. Great artwork, Vocal delivery is excellent, coupled with excellent lyrics and album production.  Action Bronson is the new face of Hip Hop. One of the best Lyricist",0,1,"Mar 30, 2015"
6,"Very anticpated. After hearing a few bars from him on other's collabos, along with a few mixtape singles, I was excited as well. Good word play and unique to the game. This album lacked really and well known names to add to the excitement. While listening, the album seemed very disjointed-very different sounds. Which can be good or bad. I liked it to a degree, but didn't like many of the songs beats-but good lyrics in my opinion. Didn't really live up to the hype and didn't seem to have have what I have heard from him before. All in all, nice to listen to but not to ride to.",0,0,"Mar 24, 2015"
8,"action bronson makes fun music, the end ya'll, u either enjoy or don't enjoy, i feel like a dog for doing such a bad review but no one had posted yet and i wanted to be the first so u kno",0,0,"Mar 24, 2015"
10,"Musically the album is so enjoyable to listen to, influences from funk, rock, hip hop and just about everything else, all coming together with Action Bronsons habit of just being incredibly entertaining to listen to. Great album.",0,0,"Apr 27, 2015"
8,"I know that former sous chef Mr. Arslani was aiming for a very serious final product for his debut on a major label, and the content on Mr. Wonderful has obviously been handled with extreme care; however, I think the best parts of this latest Bronson project revolve around its silliness. Action Bronson cranks the kitsch up to eleven with goofy lyrics, glitzy production, and over-the-top instrumentation. Theres a deep classic rock vein running throughout Mr. Wonderful, with Fender Strat solos, slamming piano rock chording, and even some singing from Mr. Wonderful himself. But, the enjoyment comes from Bronsons insouciant personality that he injects in every facet of this album. If youre not having fun while listening to this celebration of glitter, glam, and mink sweat suits, go get yourself some escargot.",0,0,"Jan 31, 2016"
8,"Bronson can do no wrong. He's just the most absurd rapper. I love anyone who's willing to consistently rap about eating cereal. The production here is absolutely fantastic - ambitious but not too much so that it's distracting or takes away from Bronson's flow. It starts off on a light-hearted tone with 'Brand New Car' and just keeps rolling, peaking with the track 'Actin' Crazy' but never lulling too much that it becomes a bore to listen to. Of course not. Bronson's never boring. Yet another success from Mr. Baklava.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2015"
6,"Action Bronson is one of the most recognizable figures in the Alternative Hip Hop movement. The former internet chef now Hip Hop recording artist released his debut full length earlier this year, after a series of mixtapes which rattled the underground. These releases including Blue Chips and Chandelier in my eyes included hilarious lines from the Queens rapper, as well as a selection of rock inspired beats which carried his Ghostface Killah  like flow. But while these projects were popular in the underground, they did not receive as much acclaim from me as much as I liked. Here in Actions new project, however, I see a bit more focus and harder hitting beats. But while this album shows progression, it does come with its misses with ambitious rock inspired interludes.
The first quarter of this 13 track record starts off well. Songs like Brand New Car and Terry have catchy beats with hilarious Bronson lines which give us what we know and love from Bronson. But with the track Actin  Crazy I hear what I feel like this album lacks which are hooks an un interesting breaks which fills this record with filler. This track has a very interesting beat that sounds like something that could come out of a Madvillainy project, but instead of hooks, Action gives us dull breaks which causes the listener to fall out of the track.  Thug Love Story 2017 is an unnecessary and uninteresting interlude as well the next track, City Boy Blues which features clumsy singing and a rock backing track that sounds like a Thursday night at some middle aged Long Island Bar with a band where your dad might play in. Its at this point at the record that Im wondering where on earth did this record go, and the first few tracks are know forgotten and left in the dark.
This album picks up again with a fantastic track in Baby Blue featuring Chicago rapper Chance the Rapper. With funny and relatable lines on a girl that Bronson might have a love/hate relationship with. Chances verse is one of the most unique and interesting verses out there. This track gives what Ive always wanted from Bronson, which is a fantastic and catchy hook along with already consistent lyrics and beats.  I also liked Only in America, with a fun guitar riff and a New Wave style hook.
I have the same problems with The Passage as I did with City Boy Blues, which gave me an uninteresting rock tune. Im sure Bronson saw something in that live performance, but for me it adds nothing to the quality of the Album. I love how this record ends though, with an Old Western Themed beat which I can only imagine Action Bronson riding into the sunset at the end to close out this record.
In these times where it seems like the Big Apple doesnt have much to offer in comparison to its West Coast and Atlanta counterparts, artists like Action Bronson offers what the New York scene does have, which is potential. I see this record as progression for Bronson. While I do not question his talent as an MC, the production leaves something to be desired, because while it is always ambitious to offer different sounds that Hip Hop doesnt always offer, delivery is always tough. I liked this record, and it has many high points that I think he can build off of for his next project, which I am very hopeful for.",0,0,"Jun 14, 2015"
6,"Hmmm Mr. Wonderful is a good album. Really interesing. The best track is of course 'Baby blue'. Action is crazy and i like it. Good music, I recommend",0,0,"Dec 19, 2015"
9,"Grimy grotesque production with Earl rapping with emotion & lots of confidence in his voice. Short in time, but dense in material. Earl beginning to perfect his sound.",3,3,"Mar 23, 2015"
10,"Earl has done it again. dope album from start to finish. 'Grief' is my favorite song on there. Doris was banging too but when he surprise us with this album, it was out of the blue and i was like 'wow!'.",6,9,"Mar 24, 2015"
10,"Earl comes back stronger than ever on this album with a more cultivated sound and stronger sense of self-awareness than in his past projects. It's easily become one of my favorite albums but more than anything, I believe the musicality speaks for itself with Sweatshirt producing every track except one done by OF's Left Brain. Do yourself a favor and give it a listen; just turn off the lights beforehand.",1,2,"Mar 25, 2015"
7,"Earl comes here with less variety but more mature lyrics than in his previous works. The production fits well with the style he's going thoughout the album. Certainly the most surprising thing for me is the fact he has literally put all of him in this project. No featured artists, only one featured producer. A proof that shows Earl Sweatshirt as a great artist and one of the rappers you should look at nowadays.",1,2,"Mar 25, 2015"
8,"An inspired album, Earl seems to be taking himself further away from the shock rap that he began with, the minimalist beats allow him slither through the off kilter piano beautifully. Song for song this album is not as good as Doris, but its cohesiveness both thematically and sonically make this an album worth listening to. Earl lets the listener in to his mind, dark thoughts and all. This is an album to be enjoyed in full, and to appreciate and artists growth",1,2,"Mar 24, 2015"
3,"THis sh*t was boring. Listening to the lyrics....the beats...the 'guest collabos.' Boring...and it runs 40 minutes. About 36 minutes too long. I like E.S doing something different, but this album didn't have anything likeable-other than its different.",1,18,"Mar 24, 2015"
8,"Overall, I Don't Like **** I Don't Go Outside is a major improvement over Doris. While this album can still be quite slow and boring at times, its short length works in its favor as it is so short, it is nearly impossible for the whole thing to bore you. This one has great production and great rapping throughout, which are also major pluses. While far from a great album, this one did honestly surprise me. My only worry is replay value, as even now, I wonder how much I will be listening to this one in a month's time.",0,2,"Mar 30, 2015"
10,"this album is a **** masterpiece, that intro huey is on some other **** and theres some other diamonds in there too such as off top, wool and AM // Radio
earls wordplay and internal rhyme set him apart from the crowd and put him up there with the legendary mf doom
this is by far better than kendricks bull**** to pimp a butterfly, earl is staying true to hip hop and his dirty underground **** which is what i like he dont care if the mainstream hate his **** unlike kendrick",0,4,"Mar 26, 2015"
8,"For some reason, darker music, especially rap music with darker themes, has always appealed to me. This album feels like it was recorded in a pitch black room with nothing but Earl's pure emotion spilled into its tracks. The production isn't too complex but still envelops the listener into Earl's universe. All the tracks on here are arguably better than anything he released on Doris. I definitely see a maturity in Earl's approach to his work. The whole work feels very raw. Mantra is, for me, the standout track on this album.",0,1,"Apr 16, 2015"
1,"I was really bored listening this album. Bad flow, bad lyrics, bad production. I give 1/10, but 0 is ok too :) I don't recommend it at all. Feeble album in great 2015",0,5,"Dec 19, 2015"
7,"IDLSIDGO showcases Earl Sweatshirt's fantastic monotone technical rapping skills, but I just don't think it's an elite album. Elite rapping doesn't necessarily mean an elite album sonically, and I think this is the case here. I just don't think most of the songs are that great, in contrast to what many professional, and amateur, reviewers say. However, Wool (featuring Vince Staples) is an incredible, incredible song. Despite my relative shortcomings towards the album, I'm still looking forward to Sweatshirt's next project. ~ 7.4/10
Best track: 'Wool' (feat. Vince Staples)",0,0,"Feb  7, 2016"
9,"I Don't Like **** I Don't Go Outside is a great album. Following up Doris, Earl Sweatshirt shows his maturity production wise and lyrically. He dropped that monotonous flow and raps with more aggression than he did on his previous tapes. The album would've been better if he could've lightened the mood but this isn't an album to vibe to. IDLSIDGO is fully digested when sitting down and listening to all of the lyrics.
Favorite tracks: Huey, Mantra, Faucet, Off Top, DNA, Wool
Least Favorite: Grief",0,0,"Aug  3, 2015"
9,"Earl has always been true lyricist, but in comparison to his older work, I Don't Like **** shows how far Earl has come and matured. He puts himself and emotions out there for the world to see, with dealing with addiction to his relationship with his mother. With very dark, depressing beats to support his dark lyrics. His topic matter is no longer as evil as it used to be, and now it's very for the average listener to relate Earl. I Don't Like **** I Don't Go Outside is arguably his best project, and if you're a true fan of hip-hop I'd recommend you to check it out, and if you're completely new to Earl, this is a good project to start with as your introduction to Earl Sweatshirt.",0,0,"Oct 26, 2015"
8,"good album. could be longer, though. I enjoyed Earl's reclusive and personalized production style and the eerie lo-fi melody-driven beats compliment Earl's dry sound very well.",0,0,"Mar 25, 2015"
9,"If you think this album is gonna follow in the direction that Earl's last album 'Doris' followed, think again. This album is a much more personal and definitely more independent album by Earl. This album is full of dark and gritty lyrics that deal with Earl's relationship with his Mother, a breakup, Earl's depression and other dark themes. There is lo-fi and atmospheric production that borrows elements from soul, jazz and minimalistic music. This album is also quite shorter than 'Doris', with its running time just being under 30 minutes, aswell as 10 tracks, but this album is definitely worth a listen. This is an album best listened to at midnight, by yourself. It may take a few listens, but it definetly grows on you.",0,0,"Jun  2, 2015"
9,"This album is a dark interlude into Earl's world. From the various piano beats to Sweatshirts delivery on this project,  this LP is aesthetically pleasing. It's also good to see Earl becoming the artist he really wants to be.",0,0,"Dec  4, 2015"
8,"Who would've thought that an album would be just as enthralling (and as engaging) as it's predecessor ,while stripping every aspect down to it's bare minimum.
With less features, less songs, simple production and with Earl being more straightforward and present, IDLS:IDGO within it's 30 minute run time takes you back and forward through the dry and depressing soundscape of the California rapper.
The album's biggest highlight is definitely the two hit combo of 'Faucet' and 'Grief'. These two songs will make anybody feel down in an instant...
IDLS:IDGO is one solid album from Earl Sweatshirt. Dark, simple and straightfoward.  Although not everybody might be a fan of this direction when compared to Doris.
PS: Respect for Na'kel on the song DNA. Mad respect.
Fav Tracks: Faucet, Grief, Off Top, DNA, Wool
Least Fav Track: AM // Radio",0,0,"Dec 31, 2015"
10,"Run the Jewels 2 + Black Messiah + Random Access Memories + Yeezus + Run the Jewels + good kid, m.A.A.d city + London Zoo + Geogaddi + Amnesiac + Things Fall Apart + Aquemeni + Music is Rotted One Note + The Chronic + Loveless + Laughing Stock + Sign '' the Times + Aja + Physical Graffiti + Expensive **** + Innervisions + Exile on Main Street + Superfly + Maggot Brain + There's a Riot Goin' On + Electric Ladyland + The Black Saint and the Sinner Lady = To Pimp a Butterfly
10.0",86,132,"Mar 17, 2015"
10,"This album is exclusive in my daily life. Is the only album that I hear everytime, literally everytime, I hangout with my friends. We can't get enough of it, and me and my friends have different tastes. In between the indie rock bands, and psych bands, and pop artists, we always listen, we enjoy at least half of this album, and enjoy it equally. Is like it is built, first, musically to entertain everyone who has an affection for this art, and second, lyrically to really make you think about all these important contemporary issues that everybody should think about. Kendrick Lamar is really an artist, and, in my opinion, we all should keep paying attention to his music, his work and, redundantly, his art.",2,2,"Sep 29, 2015"
10,"When Dr. Dre latest understudy Kendrick Lamar released 'good kid, m.A.A.d. city' in 2012, it quickly became regarded as one of the new millennium's best concept albums (depicting the struggles of a young black man from Compton, California), earning Lamar a staggering SEVEN Grammy nominations in 2014. However, he failed to win a single award that night, losing four of his nominations to Macklemore & Ryan Lewis, and losing out on Album of the Year to Daft Punk's 'Random Access Memories'. Expectations amongst critics, fans and fellow musicians reached fever pitch in the weeks leading up to the album's release, which also seen its lead single, i win two Grammy's earlier this year.
Lamar's third effort adds funk, jazz and soul to his hip hop sound, which are used in unorthodox fashion, with many sudden sonic and rhythmic changes throughout its hour-nineteen running time. However, these shifts work to the album's advantage, making it sound more like a movie soundtrack than an album. The cinematic-like production creates an atmospheric and dense sound, often feeling powerful yet never overpowering, and is brilliantly summed up with the surprise addition of a 'live' version of 'i' in favour of the Grammy-winning original. The album has a huge guest presence, with over FIFTY musicians involved with the album's production, including Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Pharrell Williams and Parliament-Funkadelic's George Clinton. Even with this large line-up, Lamar's presence is dominant throughout, who never lets his guests dominate proceedings. The vocal guests provide stellar performances all round, with particular praise to Snoop Dogg on 'Institutionalized', Bilal and Anna Wise on These Walls, and to George Clinton and Thundercat for their overall presence and influence on the funky opener 'Wesley's Theory'.
Many of the album's tracks delve into black culture in modern America in a way most albums have rarely ever done. Other themes include depression, hope, self-pride and hypocrisy. Lamar takes these themes, treating them with delicate care they deserve and delivering his lyrics with flow and conviction throughout, and this shows very well on 'u', where Lamar's depicts an individual in a deep depression - where his vocals brilliantly continuously crack and break during the track's second half. The tone of 'u' is contrasted on the next track, 'Alright' where Lamar refers to his faith in God to offer him hope in life. 'These Walls' refers to how Lamar used his fame to have sex while 'The Blacker the Berry' sees him directly address hypocrisy and the continuing discrimination of the black community in twenty-first century America  who also provides a menacing rapping performance.. The closer, 'Mortal Man', sees Lamar directly challenge his fans, asking will they still be there 'When **** hits the fan'.
Despite the broad lyrical scope, the way Lamar ties the entire album together is nothing short of genius. At the end of the funky 'King Kunta', Lamar uses spoken word to say the lines, 'I remember you was conflicted / Misusing your influence', which acts as a segue into 'Institutionalized'. On nearly every song after this, he repeats these lines, but adds more each time, and whatever words Lamar ends on, dictates the theme of the following song. On 'Mortal Man', this passage is finally revealed to be a poem, which is written in a way that each of the album's themes are addressed at the exact same point on the album as they are in the poem. If that isn't enough, Lamar has been telling this poem to none other than 2Pac, who incredibly engages in conversation with the deceased rapper, talking about the music industry and their hopes for the black community in America, which sounds amazingly organic. Taking snippets from a 1994 interview involving 2Pac, Lamar wrote questions to compliment 2Pac's answers in what is nothing other than a complete **** moment! The final words on the album, spoken by Lamar, sees him reveal the meaning behind the album's title, which is actually extremely poignant and very beautiful, justifying why To Pimp a Butterfly was the perfect choice for the album title.
Lamar was always seen as an understudy to Dr. Dre, but has blown that theory right out of the water here, and while 'good kid, m.A.A.d. city' was nothing short of brilliant, what Lamar has done here is do something no mainstream artist has done in years - he's released a game-changing album that also has the potential to change people's views in modern society. Albums like this set benchmarks in popular music - like the Beatles 'Sgt. Pepper's', Michael Jackson's 'Thriller', Nirvana's 'Nevermind' or Adele's 21 did before him, and will no doubt go down as one of popular music's greatest ever albums. The album itself is not only a work of genius, but proves, once and for all, that Kendrick Lamar himself is a genius! An essential listen!
Album Highlights - 'Wesley's Theory', 'King Kunta', 'The Blacker the Berry', 'i' and 'Mortal Man'.",2,2,"Oct 27, 2015"
10,"Probably the best hip-hop album of this last decade, one that ought to be remembered.
Incredible production, original and sometimes requiring more than one listen to be appreciated at its true value.
Deep lyrics, with a real protest message which is terribly missing in the actual us rap industry, and that fits remarkably to the time in which it has been released (awareness of the still existing racism in the us).
Great concept albums, impressive live performances, beautiful music videos; it feels like Kendrick Lamar couldn't possibly release anything that isn't a masterpiece lately. The only way he could release something bad is if he teamed up with Taylor Swift.",2,2,"Sep 12, 2015"
10,"To Pimp A Butterfly is an incredible album, filled with incredible sounds and real meaningful content. All tracks tell a different story and never fail to entertain. An incredible entry into an outstanding and very aware artists career and into hip hop history. The jazzy and classical sounds may steer fans of the more mainstream good kid, m.A.Ad city away, but a true hip hop listener will understand and appreciate the message being given out that Kendrick Lamar has gifted us with. From the west coast sounds in 'King Kunta', to the boom bap styled 'The Blacker The Berry', this record truly shows the creative genius of Hip Hop's current number 1.",2,2,"Aug 29, 2015"
10,"If you had a bottle, and you managed to capture the very essence of brilliance in it, then it would be called To Pimp a Butterfly. This album is the best record of 2015, and makes J. Cole's album look like mere crap by comparison. Also, this record is the best album of the decade, and the grandest statement ever made by a rapper in years. It's up there in the ranks of Madvillainy or Illmatic. You are doing yourself a disservice if you do not buy this album.",2,2,"Sep 26, 2015"
10,"To Pimp a Butterfly to say in the least, was one of the greatest works of art in the 21 century. The quality and content of the album was superb, and surpassed all of my expectations.",2,2,"Oct 15, 2015"
10,"This album is more akin to a novel or a rigorous study of a persons character, views, and ambition under the divisive American system of 'all lives matter,' when policy often deviates from that 'rule.' It's dense, it's deep, and dark, but it ends not only with a glimmer of hope and realness, but with a call for true change. Is this Kendrick's magnum opus, currently yes, but this album suggest we may be witnessing the greatest rapper not only of his generation, but of all time.",2,2,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"A masterpiece if ever there was one. A classic and a half. Simply brilliant. ....................................................................................................",2,2,"Oct 19, 2015"
10,"Kendrick Lamar is a lyrical genius full of soul and passion. Listening to this album like I do many times, going back to most artist's music is impossible. His flow and creative style and the amount of deep analysis he puts into the music is unmatched. KENDRICK LAMAR IS KING KUNTA.",2,2,"Nov 24, 2015"
10,"This is easily the best hip hop album of 2015, and one of the best albums overall. Kendrick lyrical ability to talk about so many issues including social, political, personal, etc., is just incredible and the production on the album is on point all of the way through. This was an instant classic and something we will compare other albums to in the future.",1,1,"Dec  1, 2015"
10,"To Pimp A Butterfly is a legendary album. This one record ensures that Kendrick Lamar will go down as one of the greatest rappers of all time. It's a beautifully artistic and musical project, one that is also a snapshot of America's current political atmosphere. Kendrick has completely abandoned any and all mainstream tendencies that he has demonstrated at times in the past. We've gone from Section.80 to good kid, m.a.a.d city to TPAB.. I'll be waiting anxiously to see if K-Dot can progress even further with his next album. ~ 9.5/10
Best track: 'Hood Politics'
Other notable tracks: 'King Kunta', 'These Walls', 'u', 'The Blacker The Berry' & 'i'",1,1,"Nov 21, 2015"
10,"Rating: 10
Just perfect, that is the album of the year. The lyrics, the melodies, the way Kendrick is rapping, the essence of the record everything sounds as a one thing, perfectly connected. Kendrick makes uses elements of funk and jazz in his melodies, mixing with the hip-hop rhythm; the lyrics are full of references and they sound clear and subtle, and you get inside his wave of thoughts and feelings while you are listening to it. **** genius! There is not so much to say, just that To Pimp a Butterfly is only poetry.
Listen to: King Kunta, u, Alright, and Mortal Man.",1,1,"Dec  7, 2015"
10,"This is an album that both takes the old school of hip-hop and blends with neo-funk, and true spoken word, and modern electronica. This is easily one of the greatest albums of the decade so far (written in 2015) and this album will definitely be established as one of the greatest rap albums of all time.",1,1,"Oct 27, 2015"
10,"LA doin' big things again. It's good to see anotha young **** from the block holdin' it down for LA and Compton. The legends supportin' you, son. Big Daddy Kane supports this album.",1,1,"Dec  1, 2015"
10,"Favourite Tracks: EVERY SINGLE TRACK!!!
Least Favourite Track: (hmmmm..... maybe) i (if I really really REALLY have to choose one(damn that was hard))",1,1,"Dec  3, 2015"
10,"I saw the reviews calling it a classic when it came out. I didn't have time to listen to it so I waited, without any opinion formed yet. After a couple of months I came back to it, I discovered the story of the album (the collage of situations to be more precise), the emotional end, the meaning of the title, and I fell in love with TPAB. The production is superb also.",1,1,"Dec  7, 2015"
10,"This album better get a Grammy for a lot of things! Lots of Grammys and lots of awards! This album has so much meaning and lyrical flow to it! I couldn't ask for a better purchase when I took a trip with my band class to Tennessee!",1,1,"Dec 23, 2015"
10,"Kendrick had a lot to live up to after GKMC, but he has somehow managed to to create something in a different league all together. This album is epic, this album is legendary. Kendrick has made something very special here, and it's very clear his only focus is on his art and it's so genuine and so lovely. This may be in the running for one of the best albums of the 2010s thus far.",6,7,"Mar 18, 2015"
10,"This album shows that Kendrick has really developed as an artist since the start of his career. He has really come a long way and has surprised us with each album. This might just be some of his best work to date. I can understand that this is completely different to GKMC which may put a lot of people off but the creativity in this project is undeniable. I love the Jazz and Funk influences throughout and the range of crazy deliveries Kendrick brings. The lyrics are on point and the interview with 2Pac at the end....wow.",6,7,"Mar 18, 2015"
10,"The most anticipated album of 2015 is a challenge for the listener. At the end of the album there is a risk: the listener, expecting bangers, hyped about hearing something in the way of that classic called Good Kid m.A.A.d City, can find the album boring, monotonous. The listener, if is a stan for good music more than just a rap fan, will appreciate what will sure be the best rap project of 2015. Why? Perfectly produced, with feats of talented jazz, soul, funk and hip-hop artists that do their best in every song (as it did Quentin Tarantino with Travolta in Pulp Fiction, Kendrick manages here to resurrect artists far from what one day were, like Snoop Dogg). There is so much soul on this. The story-telling hability of Kendrick throughout the album remain intact and the lyrics are deeper than ever. He has given something fresh and unexpected. Is there something wrong or deceiving? Well, the only argument somebody could use against TPAB is the fact it wasn't what he/she was looking for. This is not a catchy album but a classy album for open-minded listeners. And if none of all these things convince you, just think about this: which other modern rapper could have made this album? The crazy flow in 'For Free?', the last two verses in 'The Blacker The Berry', the N-E-G-U-S monologue in 'i'... hearing Pac's voice at the end of the last song gave me goosebumps.",6,7,"Mar 18, 2015"
10,"amazing, unique, creativity pushed to new bounds. Kendrick shows that hip hop is still alive and that it is far more than rapping. The messages and story inside the album alone are enough to buy.",6,7,"Mar 18, 2015"
10,"Absolutely brilliant. It's dark, empowering and reflects the social conformity of growing famous. Kendrick is our next rap prophet, if he isn't already.",6,7,"Mar 18, 2015"
10,"Coming from his church-based roots, Kendrick Lamar has delivered a sermon that will stand the test of time among the gods of Hip-Hop that came before him. But as the newfound King stands at his pulpit delivering a speech that the entire nation needs to hear, he's really just speaking to himself. It's a sermon that must be heard to be believed.",6,7,"Mar 18, 2015"
10,"'To Pimp a Butterfly' is a true masterpiece. It pulls from the listener a multitude of emotions and points of view. I have never listened to an album that caused me to have the emotional reaction that I have had while experiencing, 'To Pimp a Butterfly.' Best album of the decade.",6,7,"Mar 19, 2015"
10,"Kendrick Lamar has out done himself with this album. After the critical acclaim of GKMC, many speculated if he would have hit his peak but he has not. The story telling, the lyrical structure of each verse is done so well, especially the experimental production with jazz, and soul influence to make this album even more unique.",6,7,"Mar 19, 2015"
10,"This album is simply incredible. I say album, it is a revolutionary poem with a g-funk backdrop. To Pimp A Butterfly is not any ordinary 'album.' Kendrick lets us know his voice is that of his dead brothers and Tupac himself. He lets us know what it looks like when a Butterfly refuses to be pimped any longer.",11,13,"Mar 19, 2015"
10,"This is the most conceptual album I have ever heard. Its definitely not easy enough for someone who only listens to J Cole (sorry J cole) and is pretty much straightforward with everything he says. Here, I suggest to really read on it on rap genius to really appreeciate it",5,6,"May  1, 2015"
10,"Kendrick Lamar revient avec lalbum To Pimp a Butterfly, 3e album studio depuis son arriv son dans la plus haute sphre du hip-hop. Avec Section 80, K.Dot saffirmait alors que G.O.O.D kid M.A.D city sest tablie comme un vritable joyau. To Pimp a Butterfly est compltement ailleurs, repoussant merveilleusement les standards tablis.
Il faut tout dabord souligner que Kendrick Lamar est un intellectuel. Un jeune issu du Ghetto de Compton qui a su devenir lobservateur et le critique dune parcelle de la socit en crise. Il,  travers ses trois albums, raconte lhistoire de son volution dans ce milieu malsain caractris par un taux de criminalit assez lev. Loriginalit dans la continuit de ses productions est que K.Dot tait, et reste, au-dessus de la ml ce qui lui permet de critiquer de faon lucide cette ralit anime par le narcissisme de ces criminels qui font de la musique sur nombre de chaines quils possdent.
To Pimp a Butterfly est un album culturel. Bien quinspir par la culture noire des tats-Unis, Kendrick Lamar fait tat,  laide denvole lyrique pique, des grands enjeux sociaux en plus de rendre hommage  plusieurs figurent importantes des 70 dernires annes. Le titre de lalbum, par exemple, est une rfrence au chef-duvre littraire To Kill a Mocking Bird de  Harvey Lee. Les revendications sur la piste the Blacker The Berry rappelle les tensions raciales  Furgeson alors que How much a dollar cost est une charge  fond de train sur les ingalits conomiques et sociales qui faonne le 21e sicle. Linterlude  For Free dnonce la facilit avec laquelle des artistes comme Nicki Minaj tirent profit des strotypes qui faonnent la musique du genre hip-hop en plus de  crer une dualit compltement lucide entre les vestiges culturels et les symptmes dune grande dpression  personnelle et sociale. Un album fix dans son temps, song et intrusif.
Cet album naurait pas eu leffet escompt si ce ntait que ces revendications. La production (assure par Boi-1da, Dave Free, Flying Lotus, KOZ, Knxwledge, Larrance Dopson, LoveDragon, Pharrell Williams, Rahki, Ronald 'Flippa' Colson, Sounwave, Tae Beast, Taz Arnold, Terrace Martin, Thundercat, Tommy Black, Willie B, Whoarei et Dr. Dre) est un vritable tour de force. Lamar mle, et maitrise, les contradictions musicales. Sur la premire pice  Wesley's Theory, Lamar partage la pice avec la lgende du Soul/Funk Goerge Clinton alors que le reste de lalbum est peupl de Jazz et de section a capella. To Pimp a Butterfly est produit avec classe et dlicatesse pour ne pas transformer lambition des trois annes de prparation en pure prtention. Bien que Lamar ait fait appel  tous ces producteurs, il est rest, selon Flying Lotus derrire chaque dcision prise sur lalbum. Une uvre qui impression par laddition des dtails, mais aussi par le caractre accessible de son ensemble.
En fait, Kendrick Lamar unit son dernier opus autour des meilleurs lments du hip-hop des dernires annes. La musicalit dAngelo, la hargne et la rage de Dre lors de sa priode N.W.A, la sensibilit et le charisme de Nas en plus de simposer avec un flo qui, il faut laccorder, est un des plus solides de la dcennie. De quoi soutenir la posie urbaine avec laquelle il attaque les 80 minutes de lalbum. To Pimp a Butterfly est un classique, un album phare qui ne fera que sembellir au fil des annes.  10/10",5,6,"Mar 18, 2015"
10,"Kendrick seems to have outdone himself on this album. The production is much more lavish that GKMC and his lyrical ability has greatly improved. This will be one of the best hip-hop albums of the decade.",5,6,"Mar 18, 2015"
10,"Im not going to say it's automatically a classic...because that will be determined overtime like GKMC and section.80 But im going to go bold and say its a masterpiece in its own genre. The way he fuses Jazz, Funk and Hip-Hop together with his multitude of producers is flawless. It hasnt been done as well since ATliens by Outkast.",5,6,"Mar 18, 2015"
10,"the true spiritual successor to voodoo - d'angelo.
this is d'angelo. this is lauryn hill. this is chris tucker this is dave chappelle. this is dilla this is pac.
this is a masterpiece.",5,6,"Mar 19, 2015"
10,"the best album to ever come out since 2001. Starting from its intro and going into each track like a story, telling it sown message. Every feature fitting the demographic of the whole album. Gets better on every listen.",5,6,"Mar 19, 2015"
10,"Thats an amazing album. Incredible rhymes, jazzy, black, funky, g-funk, raps, poem, interview. Peaks, moments.
All amazing, great energy. Powerful. 10/10.",5,6,"Apr  6, 2015"
10,"Like many others, i was hesitant and rather shocked at the album's thematic design and tone in initially listening to TPAB through. However as i gave it multiple listens from beginning to end i realized how special this record really was. I guess i was expecting another GKMD but what i got (as i came to realize) is that KDOT is the epitome and definition of a contemporary conceptual artist, I'm glad he took this direction in TBAP with the various genre influences. TPAB gave me an insight into the adversities and struggles of a famous black man, i never thought ild be able to obtain through music. I hope this record stands as a model for other conceptual artists, as well as a definitive masterpiece in rap (music even) cementing Kendrick as the King.
#KingKendrick",5,6,"Apr  9, 2015"
10,"Not much I can say about this album that hasn't been said already. It's a masterpiece. It doesn't function very well for the casual listener, but if you take the time to sit down and listen to the whole album all the way through in order, you will not be disappointed.",5,6,"Apr 16, 2015"
10,"Amaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaazing",5,6,"Apr 28, 2015"
10,"Without a doubt one of the most beautiful, complex and excellent hip hop album ever constructed. Kendrick Lamar mixes world issues and his own through high levels of poetry on funky, jazzy and experimental hip-hop instrumentals. Definitely up there with albums such as Aquemini, Me Against the World and other greats.",9,11,"Mar 21, 2015"
10,"If good kid, m.A.A.d city was a self-proclaimed short film, then its successor is nothing less but a fascinating Spike Lee drama with everything from justifications about black righteousness, Tupac-predicted blood baths and discussions on Afro-American identity and its history in the land of opportunity and abomination. Not often has a project with such amount of expectation from mainstream media and fans had the courage to take the most non-commercial route and manage to surpass those expectations by a landslide at the same time. Kendrick Lamar is not bothered about a sophomore jinx or album of the year debates, he is aiming to be amongst the most influential musicians of all time. To Pimp A Butterfly will shift not only the landscape of hip hop, but at best also that of its audience. This album is exactly what was needed. Not what was wanted. Thank you.",9,11,"Mar 19, 2015"
10,"I cannot get enough of this album. It's an eighty-minute monster of unrelenting brilliance. Where even to begin? Lamar's lyrics and flow are as sharp and smart as they could be, not to mention some committed delivery that is both hilarious and heartbreaking. The music and production is at the highest of notches, filled with all kinds of jittery live instrumentation, and samples from everyone from Parliament Funkadelic to Sufjan Stevens. Lamar's album is a Kanye-West-level testament to the value of the collaborative process, as there are so many amazing ideas, but never a loss of focus. More than anything, this is a timely, well-observed commentary that manages to be introspective, but totally aware of the world at large. Kanye West is not the voice of his generation: Kendrick Lamar is. To Pimp a Butterfly is a cultural capstone, whose message is too important to be ignored. The fact that it manages to sound amazing, and be so irresistible is a pleasant addition.",12,15,"Mar 17, 2015"
10,"This is one of the most unique and innovative albums I've ever heard. Kendrick's storytelling creativity is absolutely astonishing; creativity at it's finest. His lyrics and fluidity with which he moves through different flows, along with the many different flows he exhibits, shows that he's just on another level. This album is WAY different from GKMC, but in a way it's better than his last album. The complexity of the subject matter and the complex sound overall may make it difficult to fully grasp on first listen, but that isn't a real problem, only a testament to Kendrick revolutionizing hip-hop. Excellent album",12,15,"Mar 17, 2015"
10,"Truly a masterpiece I just wish everyone would appreciate this work of art I think its essential in the day and age. We needed to get some old school, deep music hopefully the youth gain something from this. Overall I think its one if not the best music album of all time due to its focus on such a powerful prevalent matter. 1000/10  ps. I feel bad for those who can't recognize its beauty I hope one day your mind gets to experience it.",12,15,"Mar 17, 2015"
10,"A masterful, seamless fusion of Hip Hop, Jazz & Funk. The term 'Neo-G-Funk' springs to mind. Uniquely aggressive but intensely mellow, the story of the caterpillar is a heart felt raw composition of good kid lost and in need of answers. King Kunta is back and he has no ruler.",8,10,"Mar 17, 2015"
10,"Incredible album. From the production. This isn't a pro-black album, it's a pro-equality album. We need more music like this. Kendrick is quickly climbing up on the all-time greats list with each album he puts out.",8,10,"Mar 21, 2015"
10,"I would say that this is one of the best rap album ever made, but no, this is one of the best albums of all kinds ever made, Kendrick Lamar Duckworth dropped a masterpiece that i'm sure we will remember forever. As i told a friend before, unfortunately i was not born in time to see Tupac shine, but thank God i'm able to see Kendrick.",8,10,"Mar 23, 2015"
10,"Kendrick is a true modern day artist. Avoiding the sophomore slump, he drops a record that could easily go toe-to-toe with his debut effort Good Kid, Maad City and every other highly regarded hip-hop album of this decade.
From the DJ Quik type hard-hitting banger 'King Kunta' to the depressing and dark mental battle 'u', it's all about becoming a butterfly from a caterpillar and reaching out of our cocoon to become enlightened. This album is a true masterpiece, and it ends in one of the most chilling, touching, and empowering outros I've heard in quite some time. He has definitely solidified himself as one of the best rappers out right now (as if it wasn't already evident).",4,5,"Mar 20, 2015"
10,"I don't have words to be honest. This is one of the greatest works of art I've ever experienced in hip hop. It's unique and different from all that horrible banger music, better than GKMC and Section 80 in my opinion.",4,5,"Mar 20, 2015"
10,"Nobody saw this coming, honestly neither did I. After the great album that was good kid, m.A.A.d city, with the hype of this album also came along a question 'how can it be better than the last one?'. I was one of those people who thought there was no way that Kendrick could surpass it, and I would be lying if I didn't say that I was wrong on a major scale.
I can't say I liked it on first listen, but as I listened to it more and more it started growing on me, and the pieces of the puzzles started fitting, I realized every track on this project has a hidden message, and even though it may require some concentration, the production on this is undeniably great and could take you away at any moment. The message is SO powerful and is about a subject that everybody should be concerned about. This is not an album exclusively for rap listeners, but for MUSIC listeners.",4,5,"Mar 29, 2015"
10,"I am genuinely into rap on the whole, and I have heard many great rap albums in my life thus far. To Pimp a Butterfly is a standalone game changer for rap. It's angry, it's smooth and beautiful, and it brings you to tears. there's no other way to put it. It's a masterpiece.",4,5,"Apr  4, 2015"
10,"An album Hip-Hop deserves, and the one it needs right now. Experimental production that merges several genres successfully, accompanied by philosophical and socially conscious/ relevant lyrics. Several themes are tackled here, such as mental illness, abuse of power, exploitation, racism etc. What sets this album apart from any other Hip-Hop album of recent times is it's focus on transcending current trends in favour of delivering powerful messages over live, funk and soulful laced production from talented producers such as Flying Lotus, Terrence Martin and Pharrell Williams etc. The album contains a limited number of featured artists but the features present are used brilliantly, the feature list ranges from music legends such as Goerge Clinton, Snoop Dogg, and Ronald Isley to upcoming artists and frequent collaborators, Thundercat, Anna Wise, Rapsody and Assassin. A great album featuring detailed production, top tier rhyming and lyricism and a cohesive narrative that ties the tracks together perhaps more-so than it's equally incredible predecessor 'Good Kid, m.A.A.d City'. This album takes several listenings to understand the messages being conveyed and the sonic direction the album is taking, and the pay-off will be worth the investment. A perfect album in my opinion, with serious potential to be called a classic in the future.",4,5,"Apr  1, 2015"
10,"I hesitate to label this album as hip hop, or even to refer to Kendrick Lamar as a rapper, since neither labels do justice to the artistry he has displayed on To Pimp A Butterfly. This is one of those rare albums that is so far ahead of anything else out there that you really feel a bit depressed at the current state of music. If this doesn't raise the bar for other artists, I'm not sure if anything will.
Everything about this album is executed masterfully. The music of course stands out as the most intriguing to me. It's primarily jazz influenced, but there are lots of other styles here as well, and it's all woven together so intricately that each song retains its own distinctive character while still forming a cohesive whole. It's pretty complex stuff too. The song structures are strange and change abruptly, the chord progressions are mostly nonstandard, and the live musicians are clearly very talented. The music alone makes this album a standout. And of course, Lamar's rapping is on point throughout. His flow is really dynamic and constantly interesting, and the lyrics are quite poetic and never stupid or cliche.
I've listened to this about 3 times but I feel like I've only scraped the surface at all the different layers. It's dense, complicated, and extremely visual music, but at times it's also very chill and hypnotic. And it's also not radio friendly at all, which I admire coming from such a big name in the industry. Bravo!",4,5,"Mar 29, 2015"
10,"With To Pimp A Butterfly, Kendrick Lamar has created an album that far exceeds good kid, m.A.A.d city sonically and lyrically, making the predecessor seem almost 'small' in a sense. A perfect execution of maximalism, Butterfly is the best rap album of the decade and one that should be revered for years to come.",4,5,"Mar 19, 2015"
10,"Sonically, Lyrically and Creatively Kendrick has attained a consistently developing high from the previous Good Kid, Maad City Album. This album is not only a great one to experience but I believe he has achieved to make an album with topics that have the stronger more impact-ful to hip hop which sets him aside from other Rappers.  Production Is also Cohesive on this Record and feels like A picturesque jazz funk album.",4,5,"Mar 20, 2015"
10,"Ever since Good Kid M.A.A.D. City (GKMC) graced my ears, I was sold on Kendrick and eagerly awaited his next album. It is safe to say that this was worth the three year wait. As with any album, preceded by something with the same magnitude of  GKMC, I doubted Kendrick could top his previous work and was worried he would feel pressured to conform to the industry norm of thoughtless bangers, void of any social message, but I was more than pleasantly surprised. Kendrick has maintained his individualism, faultlessly blending genres of funk, jazz and hip hop to create quite possibly the album of the decade and a body of work so artistic, intricate and sophisticated, it almost feels as if you are watching a film as you listen to it.
When the singles of 'i' and 'Blacker the Berry' were released, I didn't take to them as well as I did to singles from GKMC, but once I listened to them with the context of the album, my opinion of them skyrocketed and it  revealed so much of the layered meaning behind the songs. This truly speaks to the thematic integrity of this album and it's cohesion.
Listening to this album is like listening to 4 dimensional music. Lamar's use of background sound effects, voice distortions and accents add countless layers of meaning and emotion onto the already nuanced lyrics and music. This album is not just about the music, Lamar uses many varied forms of expression to create a multiplicitous engagement of the mind and soul
But perhaps my favourite feature of this album is the epilogue of each track, which gradually feeds us small epiphanies about Kendrick's experience and the rest of the album. These bursts of spoken word tie the album together beautifully and I quite literally felt chills down my spine and tears in my eyes when I heard them culminate in Mortal Man and the mystery man respond to them.
What excites me most about this masterpiece, is the social message Kendrick puts forward. I feel if this message is heeded, and supported by other members of the American community, it represents a very real opportunity to fix the social disparity faced by the African American community in certain parts of the country.
This is an album, where if you are a fan of Kendrick and his substance, you will love, but also if you are a fan of quality music in general too, you will enjoy as well. I feel it's power lies in it's ability to make people who are as foreign to Kendrick's experience as myself understand what he has been through, is going through and wants to achieve.
This truly is a masterpiece that will stand the test of time, and I get the feeling, this is one of those albums that can change the course of history not just because of it's musical and lyrical genius, but because of it's poignant and timely social message. Congratulations on producing a masterpiece in every sense of the word, but, no matter how hard I try, I cannot imagine how you could top this. If this doesn't win Album of the Year at the next Grammy Awards, nothing should.",4,5,"Apr  1, 2015"
10,"This album is by far the most prolific, in my opinion since The Love Below by Andre 3000. The Jazz influence reminds me of A Tribe Called Quest and the arrangement of the songs with interludes reminds me of how skillfully crafted Dr. Dre's, The Chronic (1992) was.
I grabbed a copy on Sunday (CARSON showing love to K-Dot) and spent hours driving around in my car listening. I was transformed. It took me back to the days when Hip Hop was more than Hip-Pop and Strip Club Rap. This is art. When I listen to 'To Pimp A Butterfly' I feel like I'm lost in K-Dot's mind; rolling up and down stream, ducking and dodging, tossing and turning, a world wind of emotion.
Listeners will definitely be dissecting and analyzing this work of art for many years to come. I am completely overwhelmed with how complex this work is and excited that there is someone representing for dope lyrics, flawless execution and clever arrangements. You have to listen to it several times to comprehend and if I'm being completely honest, probably more times than that.
Mind Blown!",4,5,"Mar 31, 2015"
10,"Man, I can't tell you how good it is to see real music still alive. I don't know about anyone else, but I am sick to my stomach turning on the radio or music channels only to see people who aren't role models, very little talent, very little charisma or artistry. Seems like all they talk about is sex, money, clubs and relationships, all in a vain attempt to sell as many copies of their album as possible.
Kendrick has reminded me what music not only CAN be but what it SHOULD be.  The first time you listen to it, yeah it won't sound anything like you've heard before and yeah it'll take a while to grow on you, but listen to the lyrics, understand the meaning behind what Kendrick is telling you. He's taking you on a journey. Iconic music.",11,14,"Mar 17, 2015"
10,"Certainly proves that Kendrick is at the top tier of rap artists today. His lyrics are at times heavy, dark and angry, while at other times joyous and humorous. He clearly has a lot on his mind and has very strong talent of displaying his thoughts. The thematic feeling he achieved on 'M.A.A.D City' is taken to the next level on 'Butterfly'. His words mean something, they have power and emotion behind them. And with strong music to back up his lyrics, and wonderful guest appearances, it makes this album truly a great listen.",11,14,"Mar 17, 2015"
10,"Masterpiece. It's hard to listen it at the beginning, but it grows on you. It is innovative, it is smart, it is different, the production it's amazing, and the lyrics are out of this world. 10/10",11,14,"Mar 17, 2015"
10,"Unlike anything we have heard from Kendrick Lamar thus far through his career.  The evolution of his artistry is incredible to be a part of.  Kendrick Lamar continues to step outside of his comfort zone and right into another.  While it is plausible that one day Kendrick Lamar will miss, that day certainly has not come yet, but once it does, the need to applaud Kendrick Lamar for his creativity will still be in order.",7,9,"Mar 25, 2015"
10,"This is  easily album of the year.  If you hate this album you hate music period. Kendrick Lamar is art. This album is masterpiece without doubt. Album has sooo many layers. Incredible. Support real music people!",7,9,"Mar 22, 2015"
10,"This album is fantastic. It is crafted delicately, packing a dense amount of information in a concise and visceral manner. Kendrick is not interested in showing off his tricky wordplay, not to say that there isn't a great use of the language to create a dope flow. He takes us on his journey and attempts, like a teacher, to show us how he learnt what he wants to tell us rather than just speak at us from on high. This album is a classic and a masterpiece.",7,9,"Mar 23, 2015"
10,"Kendrick Lamar has presented a masterpiece that is better than hip hops album of the year of 2012, Good kid MAAD city. This albums is presented with layers and the sound is soothing to the ears consisting of a soulful jazzy hip hop feel.",7,9,"Mar 23, 2015"
10,"Kendrick's third album will never be mistaken for the second half of GKMC. Kendrick's reluctance to roll over and take the easy way out with TPAB is something the was bound to draw mixed opinions. While the casual listener may bemoan the lack of 'bangers', look deeper into TPAB and you will find Kendrick's best work as a lyricist, and storyteller. Kendrick refused to put any filler into the album; he takes us on a journey as he struggles with himself, and trying to change the city and the people that raised him. Kendrick incorporates things into TPAB that are rarely seen in hip-hop; the soulful sound, the free-verse poetry, these elements culminate into the excellent final track, Mortal Man. Tackling issues larger than himself, Kendrick isn't scared to appear vulnerable. Though it is the absolute opposite of an accessible album, set aside any multiple of the album's 79 minute runtime, and you will find that TPAB is perhaps the most impressive pieces of music across all genres in recent memory.",7,9,"Mar 24, 2015"
10,"This album is absolutely astounding. I can sum up it's greatness in one bar off of the album 'How can I enlighten you without frightening you?' There is no way it can be explained in a review, it is a masterpiece and none of these reviews are overexaggerated.",7,9,"Mar 24, 2015"
10,"When I first heard this album I liked it but didn't love it. As I listen to it more and more the more I realize it's one of the most inspiring and beautiful things I've ever heard. I was expecting the bangers and club hits like M.A.A.D. City and Swimming Pools, but instead this album has completely changed my perspective on music. I now have songs like Sing About Me and These Walls on repeat. I'm constantly on Rap Genius looking into the deep and complex meanings behind each song. This whole album is unbelievably amazing. Anyone who says they don't like it can go listen to Migos or Drake. But if you enjoy real music this album will blow you away. Earns it's #4 all-time rank for sure. Proves there are few to none who are on Kendrick's level.",7,9,"Mar 27, 2015"
10,"I'm going to make a daring statement: Kendrick Lamar has surpassed Tupac, BIG, Nas and Andr3000 with this album. This guy just dropped a work of God. This album is surely the best rap album of this decade. IT'S A PIECE OF ART! WHY ARE YOU EVEN READING THIS? GO AND LISTEN THE DAMN ALBUM! King Kendrick for life!",10,13,"Mar 18, 2015"
10,"This album is a true work of art. Never have I listened to an album that has SO MANY concepts within it. This album takes you to places of Kendricks mind and where he's been, along with his experiences as one of the top rappers in the game. Absolutely incredible album. An album to get a real personal experience from.",10,13,"Mar 17, 2015"
10,"Instant classic.  I wasn't as big into GKMC as most others seemed to be, but I thought that TPAB was better.  It's diverse, challenging, self-aware, and surprisingly catchy.  The Blacker the Berry is definitely the best track on the whole thing, but How Much a Dollar Cost is right on its heels.  Even i, which was the definition of mediocrity as a single, is trumped up and improved on the album version.
Other high points are u, Alright, and King Kunta, but there isn't a weak track here.",10,13,"Mar 17, 2015"
10,"Lmao @ people actually thinking this is his 2nd studio album... like did Section 80 randomly disappear from his discography? amazing stuff nonetheless.",10,13,"Mar 17, 2015"
10,"We thought 'good kid, m.A.A.d city' would be hard to beat. As time passed, it seemed more and more attainable. Not only 'To Pimp A Butterfly' did in almost one week what his predecessor did in almost one year - become a classic - but it proved the artistry of Kendrick Lamar was beyond his hip-hop concurrents. Deeply rooted but innovative, organic thanks to his maximalism, a piece of art made to last long, very long.",10,13,"Mar 18, 2015"
10,"To Pimp a Butterfly is the perfect follow up to Good Kid M.A.A.D City. It perfectly exemplifies his post-fame career as the now King of hip hop. He is very conscious, relatable, influenced, and influencing. His respect for Jazz, Funk, and old Hip Hop are on his sleeve. He is empowering and compelling. This is an instant classic.",10,13,"Mar 18, 2015"
10,"This album sits on your chest and reaches towards your earlobe and forces nostalgia into your soul. There is a realism and genuine verbal struggle that is voiced. The interludes and systematic poetic outburst ties this piece together visually. It feel like an honest representation of who Kendrick Lamar really is.",10,13,"Mar 18, 2015"
10,"The depth in this album is simply unparalleled. At times, it can even be overwhelming. But that's the point. He captures the depth and complexity behind violence within America, within Compton, all the way down to the complexities within his own mind in one sweeping, interconnected,beautiful, album. The effort Kdot put in surely paid off with this masterpiece.
I'm frustrated with some peoples' reviews. I respect it if you don't appreciate the scat-style rapping he at times does which often strays from the jazz-influxed background (appreciate WHY he's doing it though), but to say you wish he just did a GKMC part 2 is straight stupid. Kendrick is one of the brightest musical talents we have seen in years, you can't (and more importantly you don't want to) try and put this guy in a box.
I won't go out on a limb and say 'this is better than GKMC' because both albums, although styled quite differently, are amazing in their own right. Also, I came to my conclusions to both GKMC and the highly-underrated section.80 over a span of months, not 3 days. So I'll give it time. But now you must stop reading other people's reviews, kick back, relax, and enjoy this early (or late) christmas gift from Kendrick.",10,13,"Mar 18, 2015"
10,"I struggle with modern rap music. But this album is different, and I hope it acts as a catalyst. A catalyst to change direction. This album, I can tell already, will leave a tremendous imprint in music in general. Lamar's, at times, aggressive flow and subject matter compliment each other in a seamless manner. The way in which a poem is slowly revealed throughout to the climax at Mortal Man is remarkable. I hope Kendrick is here to stay. This is without any shadow of a doubt, one of the best rap albums I've ever heard.",10,13,"Mar 18, 2015"
10,"And here we are all surprised by Kendrick Lamar and his third studio album named 'Pimp To a Butterfly'. What about this magnificent work? It's a masterpiece of the 21st century, is all I can say.
The evolution of Kendrick is striking because it is not so easy to make rhymes so good, powerful, pass messages and experiences, share part of life with others, their own feelings facing society. All this in classic beats as Funky, Jazz, Blues and Hip-Hop style 80's and 90's like seeing a contemporary retro coming from one of the best and most revolutionary Rappers of the decade and, excuse me if I'm wrong, of the century.
This album is already a classic, at least for me. I'm proud to hear that heavenly design everyday tirelessly.",12,16,"Mar 19, 2015"
10,"This album is PHENOMENAL. It delivers such a strong message and the production is excellent. The outro on the last song, Mortal Man, was so deep. The poem at the end was beautiful, and the fact that Kendrick was talking to Tupac blew me away.",9,12,"Apr  1, 2015"
10,"Philosophical, insightful, emotional, passionate, and wise.
Production is exemplary, and the message behind it is well executed.
MARK MY WORDS:
Kendrick Lamar will go down as one of the greatest rappers of all time.
and rightfully so.",6,8,"Mar 18, 2015"
10,"This album is absolutely incredible. One of the best LP's i've heard in years. Don't go in expecting Good Kid 2 because this albums whole different feel is what makes it so so good. Very funk/groove/soul production and samples, perfect choices. Kendrick destroys every single track.",6,8,"Mar 18, 2015"
10,"One of the best albums this year, (maybe if not the best!) hands down. Every single song is well-crafted, written and produced. Each one tells a really amusing and interesting story. Kendrick Lamar just raised the bar for a new level of hip-hop. A true mind blower. He's going to be next king of hip-hop, for sure.",6,8,"Mar 21, 2015"
10,"It is a bit challenging for those expecting GKMC 2. It is a very different album from its predecessor, but just as masterfully crafted. An essential album for our time.",6,8,"Mar 17, 2015"
10,"Best album so far. Im glad that is actually different from his other projects. If you put together Jazz, funk and hip hop together this is what you get! Lyrics are on point and production is superb. Don't go into this album expecting bangers or you would be disappointed. With that said this album is soulful, raw, in your face and diverse. Multiples listen are definitely require to understand the context of this album. Overall the album is welcome fresh of air in these trap/out tempo beat era of hip hop.",6,8,"Mar 17, 2015"
10,"Loved this album, since the first to the last verse, with this album he has grown like an artist. Keep on a good work Kendrick, hope this album will be nominated to best album at the Grammys this year!",6,8,"Mar 19, 2015"
10,"Masterpiece, the best album that has been released in 10 year along with D'Angelo's Black Messiah,timeless music , cant wait to grab the physical copy, it gets all my money , blood, sweet,and tears and pain into this project... respect King Kendrick",6,8,"Mar 19, 2015"
10,"One of the best albums in our generation that speaks to you and tells a story beautifully. A truly masterpiece. The poem that the album is trying to communicate is so necessary and special... something that kids need to listen.",6,8,"Mar 19, 2015"
10,"An album that defies the commercial trend is seldom seen from someone so entrenched in the 'game.' Kendrick raps on 'To Pimp a Butterfly' like someone convinced and motivated of his civil duties, an agenda beautifully crafted that mandates a listen regardless of musical taste. This is a project that defies demographic although it speaks to a specific inherited population, a rare socially conscious album that transcends the banal regurgitated talking points that have become popular in modern rap. On 'Wesley's Theory' Lamar lays down a foundation of dissonance, an uncertainty of what is to be done with his new-found gift of a podium 'What you want you/ A house or a car/ Forty acres and a mule/ A piano, a guitar?'  From his opening of 'Every **** is a Star' to his ironic Biggie homage of 'Pac, Pac, Pac?' Kendrick grabs hold of an America battling with equality. The track 'The Blacker the Berry' has Kendrick painting himself a hypocrite by revealing a double standard in the black community; an abhorrence and outcry of white on black crime, but a cold shoulder towards the prevalence of black on black violence. Another motif Kendrick sonically addresses is that of self-consciousness, 'u' and 'i' both work as different sides of the same coin. 'Loving u is complicated' to 'When you look at me what do you see (I love myself!)' portray an artist struggling with the quintessential life he has painted for himself. On the top of the world the 'King of Diamonds' Kendrick is baffled by his instability. To undertake an album so self-aware yet humbling, confident yet insecure, and positive yet negative is one that is sure to end in a jumbled mess. However, Kendrick somehow manages to come out sounding superior to any socially conscious rapper ever, a man able to musically set an atmosphere that conveys so many profound ideas that it is nothing short of extraordinary. Even more so than his solo debut 'good.kid.mad.city' the messages he outlines facilitate debate, and spark conservation of touchy social issues plaguing modern America. Somehow I feel that whats he wants to hear.",6,8,"Mar 20, 2015"
10,"'Just because you wore a different gang colour than mine's doesn't mean I can't respect you as a black man, forgetting all the pain and hurt we caused each other in these streets. If I respect you, we unify and stop the enemy from killing us'
I think that basically sums up the powerful ideas contained within this gem of an album. Months of hard work from Kendrick has culminated in the defining album of a decade- an incredible discussion of race, respect and culture. Oh, and the instrumentals go hard as hell. Just buy it if you like music and respect true artistry and passion.",6,8,"Mar 21, 2015"
10,"This record is not only musically great but actually an important in terms of message. It will be a record that kids will listen to for decades and be inspired and turned on to good music.
It has that classic rap album vibe to it right away without regurgitating the genre. The consistent thread throughout the record with the poem that Kendrick recites and the final 'interview' with the late 2Pac show that Kendrick wasn't just interested in putting out a good sounding record but one with a true message.
The Blacker the Berry, in my opinion, is the absolute stand out track among a record full of great songs.
Early contender for record of the year!!",3,4,"Mar 22, 2015"
10,"I am amazed by this album. Amazed by its diversity, by its technicality, by its modernity yet with deep old-school influences... And I am especially amazed by the fact that the album is in the end a good surprise, despite extremely high expectations. With 'To Pimp a Butterfly', Kendrick is clearly creating new standards to refer to.",3,4,"Mar 19, 2015"
10,"The best rap album I have ever heard. This album is quite simply a masterpiece of modern expression, dabbling in questions of contemporary racism, suicide, and relationships. No spoilers, but the last few lines are harrowing.",3,4,"Mar 19, 2015"
10,"This album is another gem from Kendrick. Like Good Kid, Maad City To Pimp a Butterfly is socially and politically relevant without feeling preachy. The production is fabulous with a lot of influence from funk and jazz. It has feel good tracks like 'Complexion' and 'I', heart wrenching tracks like 'U' and defiant tracks like 'Wesley's Theory', 'King Kunta' and the 'Blacker the Berry'. To Pimp a Butterfly will leave you emotionally stirred trying to put it all together.",3,4,"Mar 23, 2015"
10,"Another perfect album. This album and 'Good Kid, MAAD City' should be airdropped into hoods all over America, to give us black people courage and hope and intellectual anger and all that other vital stuff. This is art, not even in the same league as the super-hood, ignorant stuff that people listen to instead of this kind of hip-hop. The sonic noises and composition remind me of Kanye/Radiohead genius, but the funkyness and lyricism is of Kendrick's complete uniqueness here. This guy does things with his voice that make other rappers seem monotone in comparison. Anyways, listen to it and glimpse into a window of a people's' perspective that people try to smother out of mainstream thought.",3,4,"Mar 21, 2015"
10,"This is easily one of the greatest albums ever made.  In any genre.  It's up there with the best of the best of the best albums across all time.  Kendrick has done something truly mind boggling with this album and with his entire career.  His run of classics is now at three and each album is better than the last.  This album with some much going on is very easy to digest and understand.  It does take some time to truly fathom the depth in which he takes his messages and stories but upon first listen it's easy to figure out that this is something extraordinary.  No other album in history successfully combines so many elements from self love, black history, and personal story.  Add that with the combination of so much musical influences from Jazz to funk that somehow all plays at once in each track yet is smooth and uncluttered.  Lyrically this album is untouchable from any other cat in the game right now.  No other artist is so personal and yet so universal in their writing style and delivery.  Kendrick's flow is impeccable and his voice is so distinct even when he changes it up for each song.  The sequencing is insanely well done on this album and the flow from one track to another is perfect.  It truly is an album to be studied and written about.  It is a masterpiece  that will go down in history as one of the most brilliant albums ever created.",3,4,"Jun 13, 2015"
9,"To Pimp A Butterfly  = The New Classic !
Out of nowhere, this album is a gem. efficient, deep, complex and simple at the same time, Kendrick is a great artist. The proof with this album!",3,4,"Apr  6, 2015"
10,"One of the greatest works in hip-hop. Honest, experimental, complete. Hard to see any album ever being better than this. Not as listenable as m.A.A.d city, but far bigger.",3,4,"Jun  5, 2015"
10,"Lay down, put your headphones and get ready for an incredible experience. TPAB shows Kendrick's versatility as an artist, as he combines rap with jazz/funk instrumentals, but keeps close to the roots of hip-hop. Kendrick is just as good as ever with his lyrical content, as he tells stories and addresses problems throughout the raps. The album is easy to listen to, but most of all, it is an incredible piece of artwork. Not much more can be said about the album except, you need to listen to it as soon as possible. If you have already listened to it, go and listen to it again.",3,4,"Jun 29, 2015"
10,"Amazing album.
Contains elements of soul/funk music like no other rap album make it in so many time ago!!.
I guess on individual songs Good Kid Maad City stills bigger than this, but considered this as a complete album, i guess there's no another word than describe this as 'amazing'. On the first listen is the best album since My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy (Considerate the full album).
Maybe, on the long-run, this album doesn't have so many replay value or reproductions, like Good Kid Maad City, Take Care or Nothing was The Same. But i still considered this a great album on the same level as My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy or Channel Orange, and these are albums that you can play to the first to the last song with no skipped tracks.
I have GKMC on vinyl, i guess i will buy this too.",8,11,"Mar 17, 2015"
10,"I have to admit, upon listening the album for the first time, I was not impressed. I'm afraid that he might have experienced the dreaded second studio album syndrome. GKMC was an instant classic after just one listen. However, the album is similar to Inception. You would not understand the plot the first time, so you would have to watch it a few more times to understand what a masterpiece it truly is. To Pimp a Butterfly is just like that. I listened it 3 times now and I find that it is truly phenomenal and dark for Kendrick. With all the hype building up for the album, Kendrick Lamar has built up a legacy. A classic nevertheless. Best songs here: Wesley's Theory, King Kunta, Institutionalized, These Walls, u, i, Modest Man",10,14,"Mar 17, 2015"
10,"Simply amazing. The album itself feels like a story that wanted to be told a long time ago. That story my friends was recently told by Kendrick Lamar. Kendrick might become the next Tupac. 'Just saying'...",10,14,"Mar 17, 2015"
10,"I'm not gonna lie, this is the best rap record I have ever heard. It has a strong message that's repeated over and over. The production of the album is amazing and all the songs tie into one another in a way you don't notice. The interludes are amazing and sound like fully fledged songs, and songs have been reworked, the most prominent being 'i'. The guest appearances work well with the album, and the whole album sounds like a concept album done right. Kendrick's lyrics are untouchable on this album, and they all have a message. The sampling on the songs are done amazingly. The entire album has a funk vibe, and it makes someone like me who listens to Michael Jackson, Prince, etc easier to listen to. A perfect album.",10,14,"Mar 17, 2015"
10,"This record is so deep on so many levels I can't even begin to scratch the surface. The lyrics, crafted with such heart-wrenching raw emotion and placed with surgical precision. Even the guest appearances are not without some deeper, symbolic meaning and are essential to the record. Every track is fresh and different from the last. It's almost as if Kendrick is creating a new sub-sub genre of music with every cut. I've listened to it about a half a dozen times at this point and still can't really wrap my head around it. This record goes far beyond any musical award or accolade. This is a very strong argument for the Album of the Year, no doubt, but Kendrick has made a case to become something so much bigger than the music, a catalyst for change. This is a beautiful, tear-inducing work of art. 10/10",10,14,"Mar 17, 2015"
7,"'Eat Pray Thug' sees Himanshu making a very conscious effort to detach himself from the lackadaisical yet intelligent  meta irony of Das Racist towards a more earnest, direct and profound brand of conscious rap. For listeners, what gets lost in the process is the ability to enjoy his music passively. However, it's made up for with the sharp insight and  heartfelt emotion Himanshu leaves bare on this record in an effort to share the difficult experiences and subjugation brown bodies have been subjected to post 9/11 in the United States.",0,0,"Mar 31, 2015"
8,"The production is basic Timbaland stuff and piano ballads. But the thing is that if you have watched the show, it is simply IMPOSSIBLE not to get addicted to the soundtrack. The sound takes you back in the 90's, where r'n'b and hip-hop were dominating the charts around the world with artists like Whitney, Missy, Janet, Boyz II Men, En Vogue, Brandy, Dre and Lauryn. And if you have ever loved those people, it's inevitable you will love these tracks, too.
Read the whole review here: http://www.anartcalled.blogspot.gr/2015/03/empire-cast-empire-original-soundtrack.html",1,1,"Mar 21, 2015"
7,"Boas msicas para uma srie excelente. Todo mundo deveria assistir essa srie, que  mais que um drama familiar mas sim uma histria que toca voc. E ainda tem msica.
Faixas como 'Conqueror' e 'You're So Beautiful' deveriam ser ouvidas por todos e apreciadas.",0,0,"Apr 18, 2015"
5,"i can agree with some of the reviews to the left that while this is an ok sometimes good listen, you are better off listening to the first album, 'the cold vein.'",3,3,"Mar  6, 2015"
0,"Review from March:It didn't seem too bad at first but after a couple of listens it got boring and became a disappointing album from a duo which released one of the greatest underground hip hop albums 14 years before. It has cool artwork but that isn't enough to make me listen to it ever again. 2/10
Review in August:This albums makes my brain vomit. If i had to choose between watching Zoella or listening to this again i'd choose Zoella, and i really hate Zoella. Seriously though this is terrible definitely worst release of the year for me (worse than the new Public Enemy album, worse than the Megan trainor album, worse than troy aves album, worse than everything ugh **** my life) 0/10",0,0,"Aug 12, 2015"
6,"as a fan of cannibal ox. this isnt like the cold vein in terms of El-P's stellar lo fi production. the production mostly being handled by an unknown producer. his attempts on a few tracks to produce them are eh. the black milk produced track is marvelous. may not be as good their debut but has a few listenable tracks.",0,0,"Apr 26, 2016"
9,"Sometimes I think about how music in the future will sound like. Before, I could not envision what a new genre would sound like. Now that I've listened to this EP, I'm starting to get an understanding as to where music is heading. This EP is like a breath of fresh air. It is hard-hitting and intense, yet holds a certain beauty to it. Beats that sound practically like a construction site are pressed against beautiful synths. It's almost as if there is an energy trapped inside a space, punching and kicking against the outside and trying to be released. It is the kind of music that is hard to describe, that you have to listen to yourself. All of one's senses are engulfed in the sounds. I would very much recommend this EP.",0,0,"Apr 16, 2015"
