AllMusic,70,"Argentinian punk rockers Los Enanitos Verdes close the album with a squalling 'Traveling Band' that snarls, churns, and nearly goes off the rails. A couple of other selections are less inspiring, but the vast majority of Quiero Creedence makes for a truly fine and original tribute record."
Uncut,60,"Other highlights include Los Lobos typically confident swagger through Bootleg, and the unusual alliance of ZZ Tops Billy Gibbons with Colombian singer La Marisoul on a wonderfully gritty Green River."
The Independent (UK),60,"If you're mad enough to be planning a Breaking Bad-themed barbecue you've just found the perfect soundtrack. [Sep 2016, p.90]"
Mojo,60,"Typical of these compilations, some interpretations work better than others."
American Songwriter,60,"The anti-gun Run Through the Jungle gets a shimmering treatment from Spains Bunbury, Texass Los Lonely Boys raise dust on Born on the Bayou, and Oaklands Bang Data give the anti-war Fortunate Son a bilingual hip-hop makeover."

The Observer (UK),80,"No Manchester is a delight from start to finish, while being the absolute best kind of tribute album. It brings out what's special in the songs while giving them new life in a brand new context."
AllMusic,80,"Delightful and frustrating.... Theres one disappointment: there are only seven songs here (five of which are repeated as live versions), and they dont include any classic Morrissey-Marr Smiths songs."
The Guardian,70,"A delightful, horn-infused love letter to Morrissey's best solo work. [Apr 2016, p.76]"
Uncut,40,"The 11-strong-Mex ensemble's Latinised arrangements are intricate but lifeless. [Apr 2016, p.111]"



Q Magazine,80,"Manual elevates more often than it wallows, and most importantly, it never fails to surprise or entertain."
AllMusic,80,"The overall effect is a carefully constructed, complex yet breezy, psych-pop collection. [Dec 2015, p.69]"
The Observer (UK),75,"As Plantas Que Curam provides an interesting contrast--making us realise they've chilled-out and don't seem as interested in frantic neo-psych as they seemed to be in 2013. Manual is mature, engaging, and will prove to be--I believe--much more durable in its relevance to Boogarins' musical heritage."
The Guardian,70,"The album is a sun-kissed trip with layered overdubs, shimmering guitar inter-play and a sense of wanderlust, a warm departure from the celebrated lo-fi debut LP."
PopMatters,60,"Their second album is an assured, intriguing collection of songs that constantly changes direction, from delicate shimmering guitar work and brooding ballads to sturdy riffs and post-bossa rhythms."

Austin Chronicle,85,"A welcome addition to its expansive discography. [No. 125, p.59]"
Blurt Magazine,80,"Like all Los Lobos albums this owes little to anything else, the band single-mindedly going their own way--and getting away with an extraordinary collection."
Q Magazine,80,"Gates of Gold shows they can contemplate the infinite and chart new paths while still sounding like no one but themselves, and they can do all of this with the force and agility they commanded when half their age."
The Wire,60,"As ever, when Los Lobos content themselves with sounding like Los Lobos, they're marvellous.... The lighter touches make less impression. [Nov 2015, p.79]"
AllMusic,60,"Existing fans will find enough to satisfy them, but newbies should choose from earlier Los Lobos works for a better understanding of what makes these guys so special."

Consequence of Sound,80,"None of it would work without Royces supple voice and sweet charisma, which help to make offerings like the glitchy Handcuffs, which in less skilled hands could sound like a slippery commitment-phobes insincere come-on, recall a soul pried open."
Uncut,80,"Slick guest artists Tyga and Kid Ink help the listener bridge the gap between the album's maverick moments and the sweet songs aimed at teens, and with smooth-voiced Royce showing equal grace with love and lust, Double Vision becomes the great and infectious model for a 2015 pan-global pop album."
Pitchfork,70,"Even in English, even without bachata, Royce hasn't lost what makes him special: his ability to emote, to deliver lyrics as though he believes them vehemently and make the listener do the same."
No Ripcord,50,"Double Vision lacks focus, failing to establish a clear identity for Royce."

Q Magazine,80,"A new collection of previously unreleased tracks from the original members, Lost & Found compiles studio tracks that never quite made it onto the original album, interspersed with delightful live recordings from the various musicians."
The Guardian,80,"If these 13 tracks recorded between 1996 and the early 2000s can't match the perfect cohesion of the parent album, the collection's calling card is its diversity. [May 2015, p.93]"
The Skinny,80,"A ragbag, maybe, but an exquisite ragbag."
AllMusic,80,"Lost and Found is better served as a companion volume to the painstakingly curated Buena Vista Social Club album than as a general listener's introduction to the various musicians. That said, for anyone who ever wished there was more music in the can, this all-killer, no-filler program is indispensable."
Uncut,80,"Its sound is as beautiful as ever too, and the arrangements are captured well on Lost and Found, with a glow of warmth hovering around the instrumentation."
The 405,70,"The music makes them irresistible."
Clash Music,70,"Lost and Found is a collection of leftovers, but none is past its shelf life; they all have mucho sabor."
The Guardian,60,"It is no ragbag collection, even if several tunes are little more than snippets. [May 2015, p.92]"
Magnet,60,"A patchy but sweet memento."

Record Collector,80,"Mariachi El Bronx III is the rarest of things: an album that does not feature one bad song. [1 Nov 2014, p.54]"
AllMusic,80,"This is an album that expands upon a growing body of work. [Dec 2014, p.92]"
Uncut,80,"Ultimately, what is so great about this release is how well Mariachi El Bronx balance their love of traditional mariachi music with their desire to write utterly catchy, contemporary pop songs."
American Songwriter,80,"The key to this album is that whilst the original concept of Mariachi El Bronx remains in tact, things are changing slowly and given time, could easily evolve into something truly fascinating. They feel like theyre on the cusp of the something here."
Boston Globe,70,"El Bronx simply didn't go far enough, as only a handful of the album's 10 tracks mesh that inspired modernism with the traditional Mexican soulfulness they obviously hold dear. [Dec 2014, p.107]"
AllMusic,60,"Not a novelty record, then, nor entirely old hat. [Jan 2015, p.128]"
Billboard.com,60,"Either through reticence or reverence for the music, this approach feels half-hearted and only partially realised. If the group wants to keep pushing the limits of Mariachi El Bronx, it may need to look elsewhere."
Rolling Stone,60,"As such a unique style of music in their field, there is no reference point to compare Mariachi El Bronx to, but if youve enjoyed I and II, or you want to hear something a bit different then Mariachi El Bronx III is well worth a listen."

Record Collector,100,"This set is a fine reminder of his magnificent legacy of film work."
Uncut,90,"This set is a good primer for Cooders soundtrack work."
The Guardian,80,"Cooder has history in his brain, veins and fingertips as well as a gift for sound collage. [Nov 2014, p.109]"
AllMusic,80,"Soundtracks is a thorough introduction to Cooder at the movies, essential for fans and film buffs."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Each of these albums is full of Cooder's superb, goose pimple-inducing guitar work and rich musical thinking, but given how impressive his film work has been, Soundtracks is a fine collection but ultimately something of a disappointment."

Rolling Stone,70,"As the album Latin music fans always hoped Santana would make, Corazon doesn't disappoint. [Jul 2014, p.80]"
PopMatters,70,"Some of the experiments on Corazn don't work.... Still, it's fascinating to follow Santana through his Latin journey."
Mojo,70,"While some of these cuts are forgettable, his inventive engagement with Latin pop here is not only successful, but satisfying."
The Observer (UK),60,"Much of the material is by-the-numbers mainstream pop-rock, which is why the mesmeric Latin jazz groove, Yo Soy La Luz, featuring saxophonist Wayne Shorter and Santanas drummer wife, Cindy Blackman, stands out."
Kerrang!,60,"What Corazon certainly contains is a brightly recorded, punchy collection of Latin beats and melodies, plus some rock, featuring a handful of distinguished guests and the familiar overflying drone of Carloss own guitar obbligati."
Mojo,60,"In some tracks Corazn feels like a committee crossover project.... But Corazn also finds vibrant international connections."
AllMusic,60,"Carlos Santana's signature tone meshes handsomely with Romeo Santos' breathy tenor ('Margarita') and sells even generic jams ('La Flaca,' with Colombian star Juanes)."
musicOMH.com,50,"It's mainly chirpy, dance-floor stuff. [Jul 2014, p.92]"
Alternative Press,40,"Not quite essential, unfortunately, and you might even long for a bit more shredding. [Jul 2014, p.90]"
Q Magazine,40,"Like most star collaborations, this one shoehorns in some ill-suited, name-brand guests--like Gloria Estefan and R&Bs Miguel. Santanas glistening leads compete with, rather than complement, these artists. Some tracks feel as awkward as Match.com first dates."

The Line of Best Fit,85,"9 Dead Alive has strength, beauty and often a spirit of engagement with the tenebrous. At times, dialogues areunresolved, yet despite (because of?) this, there is vital music-making from two uncompromising artists."
DIY Magazine,80,"Almost every track on this fifth LP is thematically inspired by a historical figure, which intrudes in the spoken passages of Sunday Neurosis, but otherwise inspires some of their most exciting music to date. [Jun 2014, p.119]"
The Telegraph (UK),80,"It's astonishing how lyrical just two guitars can be. [May 2014, p.94]"
Uncut,80,"This album evidences an expanded creative reach for the pair, even as it re-engages the sharp edges they displayed on earlier recordings."
Mojo,70,"Theres nothing as immediate as Ixtapa or Tamacun here, but theres plenty of well rounded paeans nonetheless, and youre sure to find something to adore if youre a fan of guitar music, Latin music or heavy metal."
PopMatters,67,"Fans of Rodrigo y Gabrielas early albums will find much to enjoy on 9 Dead Alive. The duo has continued their journey toward creating a unique sound that stands astride the disparate worlds of flamenco, tango, rock, metal, and countless other genres."
AllMusic,66,"Sometimes going back to what works can be a crutch and creatively stifling, but for Rodrigo y Gabriela, its a welcome return."
Uncut,65,"It will surely thrill hardcore fans as its live feel and heavy metal influences are reminiscent of their turbocharged debut. [Jun/Jul 2014, p.95]"
Billboard.com,60,"For most, this will make superb background music for meditation or musing, a tangled tapestry thats ideal as a soundtrack for seduction."
AllMusic,60,"The Mexican duo aren't quite in the Jansch/Renbourne class, but they create memorable tunes full of clever variations of timbre, texture and tone. [May 2014, p.78]"
Record Collector,60,"The tracks are mostly dedicated to historical figures, and the choices are often more unexpected than the music."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),50,"9 Dead Alive demonstrates amazing talent, then--but the ideas and theme, as a whole, are a bit samey."
The New York Times,50,"Its all jam and no croissant, sadly."
Rolling Stone,20,"Rod and Gab's fifth album is bereft of personality. [No. 110, p.59]"

Classic Rock Magazine,88,"Get ready for a set of convincing, honest music, on which the Colombian star often unabashedly professes her love for boyfriend Gerard Pique."
Mojo,80,"She sounds like she truly cares and poured her heart into her songs (and most of them are indeed co-written by her), with the overall result feeling satisfyingly emotional and incredibly fulfilling... something that couldn't be said as strongly about an album like She Wolf."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),80,"There is the odd failure (23 is a saccharine ode to her husband, the footballer Gerard Piqu), but Shakira still traverses musical styles like few others."
The Line of Best Fit,70,"Its a shame that she feels she has to bow to record company pressure, but that doesnt mean that there isnt plenty to enjoy on Shakira and the variation of styles means that the album is never boring."
Q Magazine,70,"She pins huge choruses and a mercurial vocal tone to music that's so effortlessly eccentric and omnivorous you'll hardly notice when a banjo (and Blake Shelton) enter on 'Medicine.'"
Mojo,70,"The warbles and breaks in her voice that make her professions of love sound both innocent and obsessive, and the idiosyncrasies of her English lyrics: You looked at me with your blue eyes/And my agnosticism turned into dust. They keep her from getting entirely swallowed by the Anglo pop machine."
AllMusic,70,"Shakira is a more middle-of-the-road affair, but its also more revealing."
musicOMH.com,70,"[It] doesn't necessarily mean that every cut is cohesive but Shakira is the rare pop star who can pull an album together through sheer force of personality."
Consequence of Sound,60,"The drawback of having such  a cross-cultural appeal as Shakira is that youre expected to try and satisfy its every demographic niche, a demand that weakens her first English-language album since 2009s She Wolf."
Filter,60,"After a four-year hiatus, Shakiras 10th album is full of raggae-tinged, bouncy melodies and absurd, occasionally quite poetic lyrics."
Under The Radar,37,"Predictable and flavorless, these songs seem to realize a fear that unfairly gathered around Shakira in 2009 when her album 'She Wolf' led some critics to suspect that the Colombian-born star was attempting to Americanize her sound (or had been coerced into doing so by forces in the music industry)."

Blurt Magazine,60,"Though Sex and Love tries hard to walk the tightrope between the personas displayed on Iglesias' two previous outings, he leans more to the club side here. Your feelings about the album will depend on which side of the divide you lean toward."
Uncut,50,"As always, hes superb executing tender acoustic love songs.... His ventures onto the dancefloor are far less assured."
The Guardian,50,"At best, he sounds like hes going through the motions, at worst, hes crumbling inside, slowly realising hes sold his soul."
Clash Music,50,"The effort has its moments, but there are also more generic moments that lack distinct personality or emotional connection."

New Musical Express (NME),80,"Bold, visionary and, in places, spine-tingling. [Mar 2014, p.78]"
Magnet,80,"The songs are crisp, uptempo, concise."
Billboard.com,80,"There are several milestones in Kidjo's nearly 30-year recording career; Eve is certainly one of them."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Eve is yet another record from Angelique Kidjo that reaffirms her position as one of the most significant Africans performing today, and is the sound of her reaching out and celebrating the strong spirit and power of African women that she embodies."
The Telegraph (UK),70,"Consistent from start to finish, Eve capably delivers the goods."
PopMatters,60,"If the flavor is international, the beef is still all hers, her skyscraper of a voice dominating all around it. [Mar 2014, p.114]"
Rolling Stone,60,"Kidjo is in scintillating form. [Mar 2014, p.93]"
The New York Times,60,"The result is a lavishly produced, cheerfully upbeat set with the massed vocals matched against bubbling keyboards, guitars and percussion, and the Kronos Quartet and the Luxembourg Philharmonic somehow fighting their way into the mix."
Boston Globe,60,"Inveterate collaborators Dr John and Kairos 4tet also add variety to a somewhat one-paced set."

AllMusic,80,"Revelation doesnt exemplify perfection, but it does show great conception and the accompanying execution of that conception at its finest."
The Independent (UK),80,"Its freshness proves that ten years after their 2004 breakthrough, the band is as lively as ever and, in some sly subtle ways, better than ever too."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),67,"The electro thread of Wal-Mart bouncer 'There's Always Tomorrow' and formulaic struts 'Don't Walk Away' and 'Can't Slow Down' try too hard, but the balance of Revelation relaxes and, in that down-home groove, thrives."
Los Angeles Times,60,"Revelation continues to tow that tradition, with every song providing different twists at every juncture."
AllMusic,50,"Theres an identity crisis in the way the band veers radically from hard-edged rock to slick, superficial pop. There are too many lyrical cliches."

Boston Globe,80,"An overview with passionate, vibrant performances, Disconnected In New York City shows the band's history, talent and diversity with heartland rock, folk excursions, shuffling R&B and inevitable Latin rave-outs from many  different points of its amazing career. [No. 104, p.58]"
musicOMH.com,70,"Los Lobos play their myriad (and rather dazzlingly) legacies straight, swerving masterfully from irrepressible dance-floor faves to Spanish styles to tearjerker folk-rock ballads. [Nov 2013, p.74]"
PopMatters,70,"Forty years on, Los Lobos are still one of America's best, bravest, and most satisfying bands, and their skills and their their instincts remain razor-sharp, regardless of their stage volume."
Uncut,70,"Los Lobos is an outstanding group with a wonderfully large catalogue. They can do no wrong, but they could have done better here by taking more chances."
Boston Globe,70,"There are much more vibrant records and live songs in Los Lobos's back catalogue but this is a sweet reminder of their talent."
AllMusic,60,"It would have been good to have a wider selection of their work here. Surely such an enduring and eclectic band deserve more than a single disc for their admirable milestone anniversary."

musicOMH.com,80,"No ones taking anything too seriously, but if this were a DVD it wouldnt be a surprise to see Ry flashing the biggest grin in the room."
PopMatters,80,"The set list's rather obvious and the interstitial chat goes on a bit, but the heart of the man is there to be heard."
Q Magazine,80,"For those who've longed for the return of his immediate, loose, warm, live recordings, Live at the Great American Music Hall is where it's at."
Mojo,80,"Ultimately, while not preferable to seeing a live Cooder performance in person, Live In San Francisco is a terrific encapsulation of an unlikely, remarkable career, one that has surprisingly only gotten stronger as Cooder has gotten older."
The Guardian,60,"An oddly uneven set. [Nov 2013, p.67]"
The Observer (UK),60,"Cooder requires considerable forces to realise his amalgams of blues, rock, folk, reggae and Mexican music,  and here his band is expanded by the extraordinary, shrill horns of the 10-piece La Banda Juvenil."
PopMatters,60,"Its that free-flowing vibe that helps make this seem more like an overdue reunion for the home town crowd as much as any attempt at a polished performance."

AllMusic,100,"Re-examining his past, he imagines a future you can hum in your mind."
Austin Chronicle,90,"If there ever was a Gogol Bordello album that deserves to launch them onto American radio waves, its Pura Vida Conspiracy."
Blurt Magazine,80,"Their sixth learns from those mistakes [on their fifth album], sounding rougher, tougher and altogether more like the raucous joy of their live shows.  [Sep 2013, p.102]"
Boston Globe,80,"Humor and mirth best define this voracious multicultural outfit, no matter how many tunes are set in minor keys."
Magnet,80,"Frantic and poetic, Pura Vida Conspiracy is another open window into gypsy culture that, for reasons unbeknownst to us, feels and looks like home."
Uncut,80,"With their ever-expanding arsenal of masterfully crafted musical traditions, they prove once more to refuse to be anything less than what they are: one of the most explorative and inexhaustibly creative bands on the planet."
AllMusic,80,"The result is Gogol Bordello's best album in their 14-year career. [Aug 2013, p.94]"
PopMatters,80,"Strangely, this record might be the first grower theyve ever made, sacrificing some immediacy for subtlety and, presumably, greater endurance."
The Telegraph (UK),79,"This reeled-in style seems like an extension of their exhaustion and desire to create something laid-back that would give them a chance to breathe and really examine what theyre doing and why, rather than trying to hustle and do everything at breakneck speed all the time."
Record Collector,75,"At its best, Pura Vida Conspiracy is a consistently raucous exposition of stylistic souvenirs from Htzs continuously expanding catalog of international influences."
Record Collector,75,"There is as much tenderness as there is explosiveness on Pure Vida Conspiracy and the band once again demonstrate their depth, breadth and potential for excellent showmanship."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"Gogol Bordellos incomparable brand of swaggering gypsy punk hasnt lost a whit of its euphoric urgency."
AllMusic,70,"Gogol Bordello's energy and optimism can grow exhausting, and even if their product has begun to feel familiar, they still sound unlike any other band on the planet, and it's hard not to be charmed by the fervor with which they keep seeking out new borders to cross and uninitiated listeners to welcome into their always hospitable tribe."
musicOMH.com,70,"If you enjoy music thats fun and rousing and are curious about other musical traditions--even if they are all jumbled up together--then Pura Vida Conspiracy makes for a joyful, life-affirming experience."
Uncut,70,"He barrels unrepentantly into a sixth Gogol Bordello album that once again sounds like the traditional house band in Urals bear-meat restaurant going berserk on Green Day covers. [Aug 2013, p.85]"
The Independent (UK),70,"Drenched with joy in its own noisiness, the album is nonetheless easier listening than some of the groups earlier work."
Blurt Magazine,70,"They expound spiritual philosophies (I am a hieroglyph of love!), grasp the rural jig-folk baton from Mumford & Sons and, post-Beirut, remind everyone its supposed to be fun."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),70,"The sixth LP covers a familiar spectrum from table-thumping anthems to torrid speed-polkas and booze-punk shanties. But it also features agreeably surreal humour and occasional tender interludes. [Aug 2013, p.71]"
PopMatters,64,"Between the spirited music and Htz's delivery, you're not likely to walk away from Pura Vida feeling uninspired. But if you want to really hear what Gogol Bordello is saying on Pura Vida, a little history with the band is going to go a long way."
Q Magazine,60,"The ferocity in their delivery and the sheer sweep of their eager entreaties create an anthemic exposition, resulting in a series of songs that make it impossible to sit still."
Spin,60,"The party is at its peak. [Aug-Sep 2013, p.130]"
Consequence of Sound,60,"This is (finally) an album that is enjoyable solely as a listening experience. [Sep 2013, p.89]"
AllMusic,60,"Gogol are best when Htz lyrically nuances the roiling energy; on 'My Gypsy Auto Pilot,' he goes back to Ukraine to find that he's a stranger in his old hometown."
Alternative Press,60,"Pura Vida is more subdued (relatively speaking) than the groups usual celebratory style, but the albums best songs are still the most anthemic, the ones that sound the best alongside a hoisted, spilled beer."
musicOMH.com,37,"Pure Vida overwhelms as often as it inspires."

Paste Magazine,80,"Despite a few moments of inconsistency, Fool Metal Jack fares far better than most records from bands returning to form after decades of silence, and in its best moments highlights the brilliance of a group that never lost its unique voice."
The A.V. Club,70,"Sergio Dias's current Mutantes sound as vital as their forebears. [Jun-Jul 2013, p.97]"
The Line of Best Fit,70,"The results on their 10th studio album are pleasingly baffling."
Filter,60,"Each song is well written and impeccably arranged but the album often bounces along from one style to another, sounding as though each song is paying tribute to various influences instead of combining them all to create a distinct sound of its own."
Slant Magazine,60,"The discs more subtle moments are also the sweeter ones, with just enough whimsy to honor the brand and earn this new crop of self-styled mutants their name."
DIY Magazine,60,"You may find yourself cringing along to these missteps, but the album also a pretty fair split between between good and bad."
Classic Rock Magazine,40,"Where once they were on the cusp of the avant, breaking down walls through experimentation and sonic manipulation, with Fool Metal Jack, rather than come off as updated or even retro-fitted, they simply sound dated."
Boston Globe,30,"Fool Metal Jack looks at modern America with kaleidoscope eyes, but it's more bad parody than pastiche."

New Musical Express (NME),91,"Global Warming re-ups Mr. Worldwide's booming brand with border-crossing dance-floor thumpers, swag-embedded journalism and duets with globally bankable artists."
Uncut,70,"Pitbull's Global Warming is the spicy pop-rap place to forget the world's problems, so forgive the fat, forgive the mess, and enjoy the heat."
Pitchfork,63,"Though the approach here precisely mirrors that on 'Planet Pit'--think big beats and bigger cameos--he's using his increased power to venture even more daringly beyond the limits of good taste."
Blurt Magazine,60,"Vocally, he's less an MC than a greeter or a party promoter--and everyone on the planet is on his guest list."
Under The Radar,50,"Ultimately, Pitbull sounds like a slave to the beat, while rhymes become an afterthought."
Mojo,50,"The sources wouldn't matter if Pitbull added much to them. But he's not budging from the formula of his million-selling 2011 album, 'Planet Pit.'"
Rolling Stone,45,"From the dance beats to the cross-pollination of guest artists to the old pop samples, Global Warming is a big dumb album that feels so calculated and market-tested that it is not much fun to listen to."
NOW Magazine,40,"Sadly, as Pit forges ahead in his campaign for world domination, his artistry is what's really being colonized."

Los Angeles Times,90,"Solidarity is a straight up funky, raucous, dancefloor-troubling, riot-provoking monster of an album."
AllMusic,80,"Their music is always exciting, soulful, and expertly played; they never fall prey to world fusion clichs."
Under The Radar,80,"The ten songs of Solidarity draw from a huge variety of old music, but the Souljazz Orchestra always knows how to make a simple staccato speak with immediacy."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"It all hangs together well, and is ably supported by the band's superb musicianship. [Nov 2012, p.87]"


PopMatters,90,"All three parties are at the top of their game  Russell is in complete control of her formidable voice, Quantic is in the most verdant part of his career, and the Combo Barbaro? Well, they've been dope for years. The result is a triumph."
Boston Globe,80,"A mini-masterpiece. [Jun 2012, p.82]"
CMJ,80,"A brilliant album."
Consequence of Sound,80,"It is, as you'd expect, expertly played  but there's a vividness to Look Around the Corner that reaches some way beyond mere chops. It's an exceptional collaboration that proves there's life in the old soul yet."
Austin Chronicle,80,"To drag out a well worn clich, The Best of Quantic is the proverbial embarrassment of riches, but boy is that true. This is just a feast of plenty for anyone interested at all in smart, sophisticated, well conceived and recorded global music in the 21st century."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"As musical hybrids go, it's a fascinating and highly addictive one. [May 2012, p.93]"
AllMusic,70,"Russell's powerhouse voice is not used to best advantage on the lightly dancing Latin-soul grooves that are Quantic's strength, and so on a number of tracks it sounds as if she's a racehorse being kept to a trot. That's not enough to keep this from being a very good album, but it prevents it from being a great one."

Los Angeles Times,83,"Call it Buena Vista Shredding Club. [27 Jan 2012, p.71]"
Rolling Stone,80,"Groundbreaking and mind-boggling. [Mar 2012, p.111]"
Boston Globe,80,"Area 52 is hands down the duo's most grandiose, outlandish opus yet."
The New York Times,80,"This album expands the very definition of musical collaboration."
RapReviews.com,80,"A seething, soundtracky, high-gloss, high-energy orchestral Latin 'fusion', full of licks and stabs and twiddly bits."
Spin,80,"A classy, varied and upbeat set."
Okayplayer,76,"The charm of the band's guitar work sometimes gets lost in the middle of C.U.B.A.'s added instrumentation."
AllMusic,72,"It's an enjoyable album, and the playing is astoundingly good."
PopMatters,70,"Here they are in sonic competition with a dense mix of world-class musicians, making the overall result great, but washing out the instrumental singularity that they are known for."
Mojo,70,"As an Afro-Cuban record, it's solid."
Okayplayer,60,"Mis-steps like the sticky Santana-worship on 'Hanuman' are far less palatable, but when the combinations match up, it proves exactly how impressive this band have become."
Uncut,60,"They're still best when the basic Paco Pena influences surface. [Feb 2012, p.94]"
PopMatters,60,"Their sense of adventure seemingly knows no bounds, yet when, after six leisurely minutes of jazz-rock noodling, 11.11 suddenly segues into a passage of Cuban folk singing backed by a lone drummer, the strong whiff of pretension might hang rather too heavy in the air for some tastes."
BBC Music,60,"With clean production and virtuoisitic precision, imagine a Latin, metal, jazz inspired mellow mele, on acoustic instruments."
Blurt Magazine,60,"It's a qualified success."
Mojo,60,"There's a punch that saves them [from] drifting into coffee-table politesse. [Feb 2011, p.98]"
AllMusic,60,"This album will infuriate many but bewitch some."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"The often overly-enthusiastic arrangements threaten to smother the qualities that made Rodrigo y Gabriela special in the first place with the quiet brutality of their guitar playing often lost in the extended jam-band style... structures."
Q Magazine,50,"It's a nice project that might have been put to better use as a one night only concert, because it's certainly not the crucial next step in the continued evolution of this otherwise fascinating duo."

DIY Magazine,90,"Purists may, of course, have their qualms, but it would be hard to deny the combination of reverence, proficiency, and sheer exuberance in evidence here -- indeed, it's difficult to imagine any serious limits of this band's appeal."
AllMusic,80,"It can be no surprise that the group's second effort in this style is a triumph of both authenticity and quality, of fine songs and tasteful playing. [3 Sep 2011, p.51]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"Combined with playing that soars so majestically from this band's fingers, the end result is a set that is both unusual yet immediate. If you only buy one album this month, in the opinion of these ears, this should be it."
The Guardian,80,"Mariachi el Bronx (II) triumphs because not only does it treat West Mexican Musical idiom with respect, it raises the bar for future directions and possibilities. [Sep 2011, p.114]"
Paste Magazine,80,"This is not just a good album for a punk band making a mariachi album, this is a good album."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),80,"As soulful and finely crafted as their debut of sorts, II is a glorious record."
PopMatters,70,"It [the first Mariachi El Bronx album] was a beautifully anarchistic move that's now spawned its second (more polished) album under the Mariachi El Bronx alias."
Consequence of Sound,70,"It digs a little deeper at the lofty topic of love, creating an intense album with rhythm, heart, and plenty of horns."
The Fly (UK),60,"With Mariachi El Bronx II, the Mexican wing of The Bronx have moved swiftly to reinforce their authenticity. [Nov. 2011, p. 136]"

Mojo,90,"Red Hot + Rio 2 takes some time to absorb, but it's sure to tide you over until the next Red Hot compilation is released."
BBC Music,80,"Every collaboration sounds downright elated, and the cross-cultural derangement of tropicalia easily shines through these 21st-century revamps."
Clash Music,80,"The 33 cuts on this sprawling collection offer so many fine and unusual moments, Red Hot + Rio 2 is every bit as unique and groundbreaking, puzzling and dazzling, as its predecessor; only more so."
The Observer (UK),80,"The sheer quality that Red Hot + Rio 2 maintains over the course of its two discs and 33 tracks makes this a very noteworthy effort."
Uncut,80,"Other tracks, like the kinetic breakbeat jam 'A Cidade,' by DJ Dolores with Gogol Bordello's Eugene Hutz, take the Tropiclia spirit into the 21st century, where it sounds perfectly at home."
Drowned In Sound,72,"Some of it will be a little too out-there for some people, and some of it will be a little too harmless for others. But overall, it's an interesting assemblage of artists, and the music is good, covering just enough ground that you can feel the variety but no one's likely to be overwhelmed."

No Ripcord,80,"Pretty electro-pop with jagged edges, and a lingering mood of sumptuous disorientation. [Aug 2011, p.87]"
Sputnikmusic,80,"The impeccably hip credentials of HN's Roberto Carlos Lange are rather at odds with the wonderfully gloopy Latin-cheese of this Spanish language, old school synth-session's best tracks."
AllMusic,80,"Often Lange is able to transform songs into something worldly and like the title implies, there is a mysterious glean to it. So while Lange continues to flex his many weapons, the black ice cream he's created continues to flourish."
Kerrang!,80,"It's the unexpected emotions that Canta Lechuza can unearth that stand as its greatest achievement. Lange's most complex compositions here make fascinating art from contrasting moods, and it's that complexity that, ultimately, make this album worthy of return."
BBC Music,80,"Mysterious and subtly beguiling, Canta Lechuza begs to be listened to in the condition in which it was made: solitude."
Alternative Press,70,"At times doubts can surface as to whether it can fully work but against not inconsiderable odds he ultimately manages to pull it off, delivering on the whole an impressively irregular album of Latin-inflected laptop folk."
PopMatters,69,"Lange is clearly in the mood to experiment, letting more traditional instruments take a backseat while he fiddles with electronic equipment, peppering nearly every track with whirs, burrs, clicks, and clacks. He occasionally takes time to build distinct grooves from all these little pieces ('Cenar en La Manana'), but more often than not, his fiddling is distracting."
Rock Sound,60,"Canta Lechuza deflates its ambition by bleeping and whirring in every direction at once, landing in a confused heap of awkward samba jangle and rippling steel drums, a curious and compelling mess."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"The darker, lilting tones of Oreja De Arena work better, but this album still sounds confused. As a result, its overall impact is diminished."

Consequence of Sound,80,"Rockpango is the most satisfying recording that Los Lonely Boys have come up with yet. It confirms the notion that the Garza brothers know exactly what they want and how to get it, with a sound that is inviting, infectious, and inventive."
Q Magazine,80,"The 11 songs on Rockpango show the brothers are not only masters of their art but have a comfort level in their maturing sound that allows them to expand it without losing its essence."
Billboard.com,67,"In the seemingly throwaway Tex-Mex bump and grind of 'Baby Girl' resides the heart of Rockpango, low-rider rock as eternal as quitting time, while Henry's steel sway and Austin's Tosca String Quartet on 'Change the World' pave the way for Jojo's flawless vocals, a rich wood grain of cantina soul that glides into the guitarist's fiery detailing."
The New York Times,60,"It was rich vocal harmonies and deft musical playing that drew us to Los Lonely Boys in 2004, not ambitious or over reaching songwriting skills. And on Rockpango, Los Lonely Boys are sticking with what got them this far."
AllMusic,48,"The bad news: Los Lonely Boys are much better players than they are songwriters."
Consequence of Sound,40,"Their latest is a rudderless band's reach for roots and realism."

Rolling Stone,93,"Martin largely shuns easy romanticism for more assertive messages that celebrate liberation and diversity, themes that can be associated with his coming out last year."
Pitchfork,80,"On this album his usual exhortations to seize life's pleasures mingle with coming-out manifestos, and he smiles through them all."
Uncut,63,"Martin rarely transcends the narrow parameters of commercial Latin music, but the sincerity of his vision places him one step ahead of the competition."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),60,"Theoretically, this loosening of expectations would give him some freedom to roam on Musica + Alma + Sexo, and it does to the extent that he does not feel compelled to devote the record to the English language."

Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Recorded partly in Senegal with contributions from Youssou N'Dour and Orchestra Baobab, the good hearted energy of this second album announces him as a potentially major figure to watch."
Dusted Magazine,80,"The result is an album that veers between lilting, languid songs like the title track, and sudden bursts of energy and anger, as on Yurumei, a lament about the horrors of the slavery days in which fuzz guitar is mixed with Garifuna percussion, Latin riffs and sturdy vocal work from the Garifuna women's chorus. This promises to be one of the albums of the year."
AllMusic,80,"Listen to this album three or four times in quick succession and you'll hear something different each time; it's difficult to imagine growing tired of it."
musicOMH.com,80,"In lesser hands, such 'fusion' elements could have fallen flat, but Aurelio's obvious talent, and Duran's sterling musical arrangements, instead yield an impressive album that simply sounds better which each new listening."
Pitchfork,80,"It successfully establishes an effective common ground between the musical traditions of Africa and the Caribbean. It's also a sweet, appealing and vibrant set delivered with a satisfying combination of energy and sensitivity."
New Musical Express (NME),78,"Martinez may not be able to right the wrongs of the past, but he does Palacio's legacy proud on Laru Beya. And by bringing this music to a world stage, he may also help secure his people's cultural future."
Clash Music,70,"Listeners will probably compare Laru Beya to Watina--the croon and swing of punta and parada are back-but the Senegalese connection helps make this album into something on its own terms, more layered, a little less raw."
AllMusic,50,"Honduran Aurelio takes the Garifuna mantle from his late, great mentor Andy Palacio (ACL Music Festival 2007), further evolving the musical moment an African slave ship broke free to the Caribbean."

American Songwriter,100,"Sale el Sol still demonstrates Shakira's boldly global mindset."
Austin Chronicle,91,"Sale el Sol manages to bridge the divide between the old and new Shakira with a spark that keeps you listening to the very end."
PopMatters,90,"Sale el Sol never once sounds disparate or overworked -- it's sunny and easy, its natural buoyancy disguising Shakira's range and skill -- but listen closely and it becomes apparent that nobody makes better pop records in the new millennium than she does."
Paste Magazine,80,"The album isn't as heady as She Wolf, but there's an easy charm to how Shakira deftly navigates such a mash of genres."
Rolling Stone,70,"Mostly, her new album is businesslike, serious, sane."

Billboard.com,90,"It's when the ceaseless forward momentum of old hijacks Pop Negro's new structural nous that the most rewarding moments arrive here, the aforementioned Soca Del Eclipse, Ghetto Facil and Muerte Midi highlights of an album that's among the year's best, and that, while immediately enchanting, will take years to unravel."
The New York Times,80,"El Guincho dons his best Animal Collective costume on his third full-length, an album filled with Afrobeat and tropical rhythms. Yet it doesn't sound derivative in the least."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Most of the time, though, the convulsive beats are enough to shake you from your slumber and move you from your present position, slouched in a computer chair, to reinstate you with some much-needed kinetic drive.  God bless any album that can do that, let alone that does it consistently and with so much complexity as this one."
AllMusic,80,"Combining afrobeat, dub and more samba slickness than you can shake a headdress at, the frenzied carnival rhythms of Pop Negro will spark a fire in your newly tropical soul that will still be smoldering come next year's Mardi Gras."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"It is broad in its appeal, yes, but it is miles deep in its longevity."
The Guardian,80,"He'll probably still be relegated to afternoon festival slots and in hard to find reaches of your local record store, but Pop Negro is another delightful record that pushes the boundaries between music and countries."
AllMusic,70,"Pop Negro is just as impressive as the debut was. It's just that the indie landscape has shifted so much over that time span that someone blending all sorts of African, Latin, dance, and pop elements and influences into a whirling, glittery disco ball of sound isn't exactly enough to stop the presses."
BBC Music,70,"There's a strong undercurrent of entrancing, psychedlic-pop to enjoy if you're prepared to listen hard enough. But if you're not into that sort of thing, if you're all about the tunes and the beats, it's still worth a go--I doubt it'll set your world on fire, though."
musicOMH.com,61,"Pop Negro feels transitional. El Guincho has a clear abundance of talent; he simply didn't harness it this time around."
Pitchfork,60,"It feels like an artist distancing himself from his direct influences. [Fall 2010, p.67]"
PopMatters,60,"Much of the experimentation is on the surface, and there does not seem to be a great deal of further depth or sophistication. Often, it is all too bright and too relentlessly ecstatic to feel truly meaningful or substantial."
Austin Chronicle,60,"Though the title hints at darker turns, the album never steps out of the glare."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"The high points of Pop Negro are where Diaz-Reixa is at his most celebratory and unrestrained and moments like the vocal hooks in 'Ghetto Facil' and the stop-start pounding of 'FM Tan Sexy' prove it. Unfortunately, the exuberance that bursts out of the clutter of his best songs is a characteristic seen too rarely here."

Billboard.com,90,"Light a Candle is a rhythmic and refreshing soundtrack to adventures through tropical and summery locales."
AllMusic,60,"With a somewhat re-jiggered lineup, they pick up the thread of that release with the follow-up, Light a Candle."
Boston Globe,60,"Some tunes, like the swaying, gentle 'Silence Is Golden,' are merely pleasant. But 'Caipirinha,' a spare cut built primarily on booming percussion, is just fierce."
Rolling Stone,60,"Played loud, this is wonderful party music, but the band use old-style forro simply as their starting point."
BBC Music,50,"Its pleasant and unessential."

CMJ,88,"Despite its disparate influences and multi-handed production approach, All in One never feels less than cohesive."
PopMatters,80,"Despite the large cast, All in One is a remarkably unified record; no one makes a larger impact here than Bebel Gilberto herself, while she and executive producer Didie Cunha create a record that's modern in execution but classic in its feel."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"The set features several strongly tropical numbers, like the gentle 'Cancao de Amor' and a fine cover of her father's original bossa nova classic 'Bim Bom.'"
No Ripcord,60,"All In One is instead a contented album by a contented woman, a series of shared moments that may not challenge but will not offend either."
Prefix Magazine,40,"Here the daughter of bossa nova creator Joao Gilberto has made an album that either drowns in its own sensuousness and sentimentality."

AllMusic,90,"With simple, straightforward songs that appeal to melodic sensibilities rather than rhythmic contraptions, the set is a mix of vulnerability and earnestness."
Drowned In Sound,80,"It says quite a bit about Nelly Furtado's ambitions and skill when her Spanish detour winds up being arguably her strongest album yet."
Pitchfork,80,"The music here is lush or spare when necessary. More singing in this context makes her shine more brightly."
Under The Radar,80,"The songs stay bright, friendly and generalized yet heartfelt, awaiting the singalongs they invite in Ms. Furtados latest language."
musicOMH.com,60,"Can she master the bustle and colour of Latin pop as easily as she mastered sweaty electro? Tristemente, no. While never less than agreeable, Mi Plan is rarely more than that."
Spin,50,"Tracks like 'Fuerte' find a decent Timba-lite groove; the rest are, at best, inconsequential."
Sputnikmusic,50,"Mi Plan is a mildly diverting listen that doesn't tarnish the brand and helps re-connect the artist with a core fanbase."
Urb,40,"While Mi Plan is by no means some excruciating disaster, it is heartless, with forced sincerity and awkward posturing uncharacteristic of Furtado's previous work."

AllMusic,90,"The innocent appeal of Milagros tiny voice, though, is universal. And so is Aterciopelados music, which transcends all language barriers."
Rolling Stone,80,"Not only are each of the songs on Ro unique; they're all impressive, adding up to a complete full-length album experience filled with highlights."
The Guardian,80,"The miracle of Aterciopelados is that it backs up its message songs with beautiful, infectious music. The Colombian duo's latest, Rio, is no exception"
PopMatters,80,"Reflective but never dour, and serious about staying hopeful, Aterciopelados proposes a bombardment of love/attack of laughter/invasion of smiles."
The Boston Phoenix,71,"Its sense of genre wanderlust means it's an album that clicks on about the third listen, revealing its character and depth much the way the seemingly random swirl on the cover becomes an alligator lurking just below the surface on further inspection."
AllMusic,70,"Girl's got flow, like Rio itself."
Billboard.com,70,"Singing en espaol, clear-voiced Andrea Echeverri ponders subjects like immigration ('Bandera') and pregnancy ('28'), projecting unflappable confidence."
PopMatters,60,"While their new album never thrashes, it at least keeps its pretty bare feet on Mother Earth."

BBC Music,100,"This set is every bit as necessary as the solo albums by the singers, and perhaps even more than the studio effort. It is not only a historical document; it is a living, breathing piece of work that guarantees the transference of emotion from tape to listener, and cements the Buena Vista Social Club's place not only in the Latin music pantheon, but in the larger context of popular music history."
Billboard.com,100,"The 16 tracks here aren't just duplicate recordings--with sudden new depth we are able to complete an emotive, triumphant musical triptych."
AllMusic,100,"At Carnegie Hall staunchly carries with it the brand characteristics that launched this cultural exchange."
Boston Globe,100,"Of course, being an audio document, you miss out on the entertaining high-handed flourishes of Gonzlez at the piano and Brbarito Torres showboating by playing the lad behind his back, but its still a stellar document of a special performance, the likes of which well never encounter again."
The New York Times,100,"Even eleven years after their breakthrough success, their music still sounds as fresh and exciting as ever; we are truly lucky."
Dot Music,90,"The recording is immaculate, the performance breathtaking."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"Just as exuberant is the part of Disc Two dominated by the jazz-infused playing of pianist Rubn Gonzlez, whose spiraling solos bring roars from the crowd."
musicOMH.com,83,"Recorded July 1, 1998, a 78-minute double-CD proves how stiff and thin this made-up collective's mysteriously canonical 1997 studio album is."
Slant Magazine,80,"This live double album, recorded in July 1998, offers another take on those great songs."
Paste Magazine,80,"Even if you are one of the eight million who bought their first album, Buena Vista's long-awaited follow-up is well worth checking out."
AllMusic,80,"The complete recording reveals many (until-now) hidden delights that we can enjoy in full. [Nov 2008, p.89]"
Billboard,80,"Theres still something to be gleaned here, perhaps especially from the frisky pianist Ruben Gonzlez and the debonair vocalists Compay Segundo and Ibrahim Ferrer, all of whom are now gone, having enjoyed twilight acclaim."
The New York Times,80,"Their joyous music has an even greater emotional weight. [Dec 2008, p.133]"
Pitchfork,80,"At Carnegie Hall, doesn't so much add to the legend as confirm the original was no studio-contrived fluke. [Nov 2008, p.109]"

Rolling Stone,80,"Mar Dulce has to be counted as a success, certainly because the combined effect of songwriting, performance, and production sounds of a piece, with few seams showing."
Spin,80,"Tango remains the constant for Bajofondo, but the 17 tracks offer quite a few variations on a theme."
Blender,80,"There are four reasons why this album is necessary: firstly, it will make any party you happen to be soundtracking sound very clever. Secondly, following the samples and contributions will open up a whole world of modern and traditional music from the Southern Cone to you. Thirdly, both live and on stage, tracks like Pa'bailar rock a squeezebox like you've never heard. And, finally, Ry Cooder is nowhere in sight."
AllMusic,80,"No doubt about it, from first note to last, Mar Dulce (loose translation: 'the Sweet Sea') is a most tasty dive."
musicOMH.com,80,"Bajofondo brings in guest vocalists as wild cards: singers including Nelly Furtado, Elvis Costello, the Argentine rockers Gustavo Cerati and Juan Subir, the Mexican rocker Julieta Venegas and the octogenarian Uruguayan tango singer Lgrima Ros, in her last recording, as well as rapping by Mala Rodriguez (from Spain) and Santullo (from Uruguay). They tip the balance toward imperfect, immediate humanity, and their drama rubs off on the instrumentals too."

PopMatters,80,"Nearly everything about Dont Mess With the Dragon is as fluid and serpentine as the albums namesake."
NOW Magazine,80,"You could always dance to Ozo's beats, but this time they supply more hip-churning swing than alt-rock stomp."
Delusions of Adequacy,75,"Ozo makes its kitchen-sink musical fusion feel seamless in any given number... Still, 'Dragon' can be dizzying in its sheer variety."
Billboard,70,"Ozomatli serve up a rhythmically seething musical mlange that serves as virtual mirror to the dizzying cultural contradictions at the heart of their Los Angeles hometown."
Rolling Stone,70,"It's hard to stay completely original album after album, but Ozomatli does exactly that when it sticks to the sounds of Los Angeles it helped put on the map. [14 Apr 2007]"
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),70,"Ozomatli's joyful beats... pulse with defiance. [Apr 2007, p.132]"
Observer Music Monthly,60,"It's not that any of these tracks are bad: Ozomatli is comprised of talented enough musicians, and have been doing it for long enough now, that they're able to pretty much successfully pull off anything they try, but these songs move so far from the sociopolitical salsa on which they created themselves that it's almost hard to recognize them as from the same band."
The Guardian,60,"[They] downplay the hip-hop boom-bap... in favor of busy pop jams that mirror the overstimulation of 21st-century life. [Apr 2007, p.93]"

Uncut,80,"Dovetailing with her choice of sound and arrangements that straddle convention and invention, Lopez mines new emotional depths. [31 Mar 2007]"
The New York Times,60,"A sincere album, organic in its instrumentation and introspective in its lyrics."
Q Magazine,58,"Como Ama does represent a victory for Lopez by offering fairly persuasive proof that, contrary to rumor, she can sing, and without a regiment of background choralists. All that bulking up she's been doing at the vocal gym isn't enough, though, to turn flaccid torch songs into muscle."
Mojo,40,"The problem is that Lopez easily ages herself by a decade or two. In other words, Mama Lopez is probably going to love this album."
AllMusic,40,"What we get is listless by the numbers 'latin rock', dull, sleepy ballads, and overblown Diva numbers I wouldn't wish on Whitney Houston."
Billboard,40,"The music... is tacky and overproduced.... The songwriting here far outstrips Lopez's previous albums, though. [May 2007, p.116]"
No Ripcord,20,"Sloppy, emotion-free, chicken-in-a-basket ballads. [May 2007, p.125]"

Village Voice,90,"Just knowing Shakira is still in the world and capable of making albums as inspired and assured as 'Fijacion Oral Vol 1' is like finding out ABBA are reforming or that the real Michael Jackson was kidnapped and replaced with an evil imposter shortly after making 'Thriller'."
The New York Times,83,"Shakira's finest work to date. [17 June 2005, p.79]"
PopMatters,80,"Given the strength of this album, it's hard to wait for the second part to arrive."
Village Voice,80,"Shakira's bleating, biting voice is in fine form, and it gives the material an electric urgency."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Shakira, of course, is unmistakable. But the coup is that each track is absolutely distinctive, even on several songs with no clear-cut choruses or hooks."
Amazon.com,80,"She's a pop songwriter above all; the songs are catchy, with melodies good enough to tempt non-Spanish speakers to sing along. [13 Jun 2005]"
Billboard,80,"It's more consistent than Laundry Service, and maybe even more irresistible. [Jul 2005, p.120]"
Vibe,80,"So if you approach Fijacin Oral expecting it to be Laundry Service Revisited you will not be happy. If, on the other hand, you can just listen to it without holding a lot of preconceived 'this is not what Shakira is supposed to sound like' ideas, you will have one hell of a good time."
AllMusic,75,"Tunes such as 'Escondite Ingles' work in any language, mixing mad Latin percussion with big rock riffs and Carribbean rhythms."
Spin,70,"There's a light touch to ballads like 'En Tus Pupilas' that's a world away from the Ricky Martinizing of Latin pop."
Billboard,63,"By inviting us to fixate on the words her mouth emits, Shakira puts a spotlight on the work's weakest link -- its lyrics. [26 Jun 2005]"
Boston Globe,60,"If there is a market for music for tapas bars with sexually frustrated customers, Shakira has it cornered."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Strikes a nice balance between Shakira's more straightforward earlier sound and the bluster of her big crossover hits. [Aug/Sep 2005, p.122]"

Slant Magazine,90,"Comparisons will inevitably be made between Canto and the Buena Vista Social Club disc, but the most significant similarity is that they both feature great songs and terrific musicianship."
Sputnikmusic,90,"As great as Los Super Seven's self-titled debut still sounds, the new Canto, produced with even more flair by Los Lobos' Steve Berlin, widens the group's scope to include the entire Latin-American hemisphere, acting as an even broader tribute to Latino culture."
Vibe,90,"Offers up one superb song after another.... Even if you don't consider yourself to be much a Latin music fan, do yourself a favor and check out Canto."
Q Magazine,83,"Several arrangements lean to the left, bringing to mind another Los Lobos side project, the Latin Playboys. [3/16/2001, p.68]"
Dot Music,80,"A lush cruise through the Caribbean's romantic songwriting traditions with some additional stops in South America."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Canto is a passionate mix of originals and material drawn from the traditions of Mexico, Cuba, and Peru."
AllMusic,75,"Los fans--as well as those who just love great, spicy rhythms--will quickly learn that they Canto live without this disc."

Amazon.com,72,"She still suffers under the Whitney-Mariah delusion that Volume equals Passion, which proves to be her greatest undoing on this 11-song set."
Billboard,70,"A mostly mainstream pop album with Latin inflections."
The New York Times,60,"With its superslick production and Mariah Carey-esque vocal histrionics, the 'Latin' elements in Mi Reflejo are more sanitized than Santana-ized..."
Blender,50,"Memo to self:... no matter how many foreign words I had to learn, I can still hit TONS of unnecessary high notes."
PopMatters,50,"An album that is just a little too familiar, even if it's classy and well-produced and spiked with a couple of new tunes that hold their own with the holdovers."
E! Online,40,"Aguilera needs more than a just crash course in Spanish -- she needs a good translator (some songwriting help wouldn't hurt, either)."
Rolling Stone,20,"This is purely a marketing scam gone too far."

