10,"A really great album, one of the best of him!
It mixes Latino's sound , Pop , Reggae and R&B. Very great songs as 'Back It Up' 'Paris on a Sunny Day' and 'Double Vision', these ones are the best of the album!!! Certainly an album who you like to listen all the tracks.",0,0,"May 20, 2016"
8,"Great background music with some relaxing songs but still has a few songs that will really get your foot to start tappin'. Sure it doesn't have tons of amazing covers like previous albums but this album still stands up with the rest.",0,0,"Mar 30, 2016"
6,"its not a bad album but i expected mooore specially after 4 yrs waiting , ballad songs as empire and broken record r the best , the country song wiz Blake Shelton is too bad and the song wiz Magic too",2,2,"Mar 27, 2014"
10,"Judging for the first single, surely your wouldn't expect such a mixed-powerful-acoustic-mature-enjoyable album like this... one that definitely show that there's few artist right now capable to create music and a very strong album and once again Shakira let us know that she's one of those.",1,1,"Mar 26, 2014"
7,"I felt like this is not her best album but I am glad Shakira made this album.
While I do agree with the critics saying that Shakira is trying to 'Americanize' her music for this album, I think the critics forgot that Shakira is experimenting new sound in this album and I like artists who do this.
What's with the different track list for different formats? I get it why Shakira does this for her Spanish speaking fans but a different tracklist for digital version? Well, if you ask me which tracklist is better, it's the digital version. The physical album version made the songs felt a bit out of place based on adding a playlist of the songs in physical version. I don't like the idea of Dare (La La La) being played as the fourth song of the physical album but I do like Dare (La La La) as the first song of the digital album. It's like getting things started with a strong song!
I understand why she doesn't have a lot of Spanish songs in this album and if her Spanish fans are okay with it, it's fine by me.
The lyrics. Wow. In lyrical wise, this is her best album to write. They have sounded really grown up and we get to see many sides of Shakira such as her being a mother, a performer, a wife and a human being basically.
I felt like Shakira was free and happy making this album, mainly because she is now in a different label which was RCA instead of Epic. which for some reason did not do a good job.
I think it's safe to call this as one of the best albums released this year.",1,1,"Apr 28, 2014"
10,"An amazing album from one of the most beautiful women on the planet. With good songs featuring other stars like Rihanna, the voice of an amazing latiana, this is definitely worth buying!!!!!!!!",1,1,"Mar 25, 2014"
10,"This album has a lot of enjoyable songs , I am from Chile , and I am so proud that a girl from Colombia , Latin America can be so succesful around the world. Shakira is a worldwide artist , and this album expresses one more time the great artist who Shakira is.
I am sure that a specific song of the album is going to be a HUGE hit worldwide ! Just wait and see.",1,1,"Mar 25, 2014"
10,"Um excelente album pop. Shakira prova mais uma vez que consegue unir elementos de varias culturas e enrriquecer suas msicas com as mais variaras referncias. O 'Shakira.' possui mid-tempos, baladas, dance, reggae e faixas que flertam com sonoridades e estruturas experimentais.",7,8,"Mar 25, 2014"
10,"Awesome album. Worth the 4 year wait. Not as good as Sale El Sol but still amazing.    Some really strong tracks on this.",1,2,"Mar 25, 2014"
10,"The album is awesome! Great songs and great lyrics! It has a lot of genders, with beautiful folk ballads. It might be her best English album. This is a personal album and it has songs that talk about her life and her family.",1,2,"Mar 25, 2014"
10,"'Shakira.' is the album that her fans from 'Donde Estan Los Ladrones?' and 'Pies Descalzos' were waiting. This eclectic record is a significant proof of the artist she is planing to be the rest of her career. 'Shakira.' feels mature and powerful, in tracks like Empire and The One Thing. Determined, in You Don't Care About Me, Dare (La La La) and Spotlight. But more importantly, she sounds happy and in love, in tracks like 23, That Way and the beautiful cover Loca Por Ti.",1,2,"Mar 25, 2014"
10,"Perfect. Every single track it's a journey. Dare i's so catchy, Medicine i't's a great duo with coach of the voice, Blake Sheltom, Spotlight and The One Thing are so explosive tracks and 23, Broken Record and Loca por Ti touching my soul. Congrats",1,2,"Mar 26, 2014"
0,"I had low expectations after hearing the first single off this album, but this just blew it out of the park.
It's really sad, because Shakira has a very unique and special voice, and she has so much potential.
But it seems as if Shakira was coerced into Americanizing her sound, and it ends up sounding extremely cringe-worthy.
The album's lyrics lack emotion and depth.
The music within itself is dry and predictable.
The production was lazily executed.
And the album seemed rushed and exhausted.
Maybe next time.",1,4,"Mar 27, 2014"
0,"To be fair, Shakira has had a rough go of it competing with her peers in the business. But the quality of the songs on this eponymous release is weak and therefore fleeting. They are very polished, air brushed songs - and they cannot even provide, at least, any sugary 'ear candy.' I hear she has a new husband who is forbidding her to dance with shirtless males. I'm sure that would be the least of their problems considering she is now being controlled by a religious fanatic. And it also reflects on the music - I think her music on this one is also being compromised for the sake of religion which is something that any rock star - even one from a Latin country - would want to avoid. The spirit of the album feels like it has been dampened. Nobody will be listening to this album in a year from now and it will be in the bargain-bin at whatever record store or website you order it from within 6 months. Here's hoping she gets her groove back on next time around.",1,10,"Mar 29, 2014"
1,"shakira is the best mexican singer i have ever heard your song are 80 % enjoyable 30 %  unenjoyable ...................................................................",1,11,"Mar 25, 2014"
3,"For a hardcore Shakira fan like myself, this album was a major let-down. From the start to the end it's flat and unispired. Some songs remind me of other artists like Avril Lavigne and the ones which kind of stand out are the songs not written by Shakira. After a 3 year hiatus i was expecting this album to be interesting and fresh but all i got was a bland, boring, monotonous result which fails to make you come back and listen again. It's funny she called this album Shakira because i cannot find a song that has her signature sound on this album. Half of the album tries to make a difference and the other half fades into oblivion because the songs are corny teenage ballads with mediocre lyrics. Even the highly anticipated Sia track turned out to be nothing exciting. This has got to be my least favorite Shakira album ever, and i usually find a couple of tracks to listen to if i don't like an album but this one is one big disappointment i want to forget.
Waiting for her spanish album having a few hopes for something better.",0,1,"Oct 25, 2014"
10,"bixa, a senhora  destruidora mesmo heim viado, rainha latina que veio na janela da topic da colmbia para o mundo, sambou arrasou, arrombou, lacrou, destruiu, nota 10, algum problema com meu voto?",0,1,"Jul 18, 2014"
10,"Quienes conocemos a Shakira desde 'Pies descalsos' y Donde estn los ladrones?, sabemos el verdadero valor de este nuevo album homonimo, que sin duda es una sintesis de su carrera musical, canciones como 'Broken records', 'Spotlights' y '23' nos recuerda a esa chica de melena negra, por otro lado canciones como 'Cut me deep' y 'Medicine' nos muestran la faceta de explorar nuevos ritmos, mientras que 'Dare' nos recuerda la artista global en la que se convirti desde 'Laundry Service'. Por eso que le quede claro a este medio que 'Sale el Sol' no es su mejor album, ni 'Shakira' merece cierta puntuaciones puesto se encuentra en el top 3 de sus mejores discos.",0,1,"Mar 25, 2014"
10,"If not her best album yet, definetely her best English album, the honesty, maturity and diversity on it is great. She found a way to show her past stlyes but still keep them fresh. Very well done, the wait has been worth it.",0,1,"Mar 26, 2014"
10,"Very good, i was wating for this record since Oral Fixation 2, i liked Shewolf and Sale el Sol, but they were very different from the Shakira records i loved years ago, im glad shes back in full form.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2014"
7,"This is not what I was expecting, but it's a good album. Some of Shakira's songs are addicted but other ones are not too bad. I miss that shakira from the Laundry Service or Oral Fixation.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2014"
6,"Shakira siempre se ha destacado por su enorme capacidad compositora y vocal, ademas por ser una maestra a la hora de fusionar estilos latinos con el pop y el rock contemporneo, pero con el paso del tiempo hemos visto como una de las grandes del mundo ha cado en el mundo del pop comercial.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2014"
10,"Shakira's cd is excellent, and one of my favorites so far this year.  The cd hooked me right from the start, with the initial dance track, and each track after that.  Each track has so much passion and this cd will be one of my favorites this year and I will wear it out!",0,0,"Apr  2, 2014"
6,"Hmmm... it's not a bad album, neither a great album. Obviously, I couldn't understand the Spanish tracks. My favourite tracks were Can't Remember to Forget You, Empire and the amazing Broken Record. The problem with this album is that most of the tracks are not bad, but they all fail to stand out.",0,0,"Mar 29, 2014"
10,"Eu estou completamente apaixonado por esse lbum! Shakira conseguiu reunir todo seu talento em canes com estilos diferente entre si e, ao mesmo tempo, coeso.",0,0,"Mar 25, 2014"
9,"Shakira shows herself more personal and intimate in this album. I praise the collaborations and the musical diversity contained in the album, thus it has a bit of every rhythm. The ballad '23' has proven deep feelings and honesty; 'Empire' is so powerful that could cherish whoever listens to it; 'Cut Me Deep? is a novelty for a Shakira song, but sounds very good. Nonetheless, lacking more happy tunes like 'La La La' make the album much more quiet, which is not necessarily bad (for me, at least). Shakira shows herself as a whole.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2014"
10,"Shakira is the most complete artist of today, and she proves it with 'Shakira.', fulfilling exactly what she promised months ago:
'Shakira.
Nothing more. A little bit of rock, a little bit of folk, a little reggae and naturally some dance--but as always, and above all, a lot of heart.'
The album is awesome, perfect melodies and the lyrics even more, and who didn't like anything, just my condolences.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2014"
10,"This girl did it again. I mean, she took a risk with this new album, a heterogenous album -in a good way-, cause You have since ska-punk to folk and country in one package; her smart but deep lyrics makes an intimate introspection of her life now and how she's loving her new life with her husband. I don't see anything wrong on it; at the end of the day, she has the right to express her feelings.
About her new country adventure, it's a nice way to take a risk and making a masterpiece. She sings, she's a song-writer, a producer, she's perfectionist and You can see it in this new album where she put it her name cause You know, it's her after all. It's her feeelings, her new life, how she's feeling now and the way she feels in peace. But sometimes, You can notice she's exorcizing her past demons in songs like 'You Don't Care About Me' or even in 'Cut Me Deep'.
I love when someone put several sounds and You can still find harmony there in any sense. In conclusion, I'm very glad with the results and I was expecting something similar but this was better than I could imagine. Personal, agressive sometimes, full of love but at same time, with a little satire to the same feeling of love, letting go the past ghosts. She's on her top of expectations and this is the proof.
PS: I don't know how You could consider that 'LA Times' review cause that was disgusting and disrespectful to her; that was a bad joke, not even a professional or critical musical review.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2014"
10,"Shakira mais uma vez inovando seu trabalho, dessa vez no foi diferente, misturou vrios ritmos, e h canes muito pessoais que refletem sua vida, sua famlia e seus sentimentos, nota 10!",0,0,"Mar 28, 2014"
6,"Generally a great album, with some hits and some misses. I love her sound, as always, but in today's market where strong female vocals are raging, she stays low at the bottom of them all. The best songs off of this record have to be Empire, Medicine and Can't Remember To Forget You.",0,0,"Mar 30, 2014"
8,"I do believe in this album's potential, perhaps it's not her best album to date, but it sure is on her top 3 list, even though I could notice some American influences, it is very clear to me she is still the same Shakira we all love, the kind of experimental 'you don't care about me' is the best track for me and the song 'dare' brings some Brazilian flavor to the whole thing especially when sung in Spanish, ballad 'empire' is also a stand-out track",0,0,"Mar 30, 2014"
10,"So far this is one of my favorite Shakira albums. It does have that Shakira flavor and scene but with a twist of what music has to offer nowadays. For the people saying that the albums is not good or so I think you should listen to her older material and copare it to this one.",0,0,"Apr  6, 2014"
10,"Wonderful album from an amazing and versatile artist. I love the ska-pop and reggae influences throughout the album. Standouts for me would be: Can't Remember to Forget You, Empire, Cut Me Deep, Dare (La La La), Medicine.",0,0,"Apr 19, 2014"
10,"Quem  f da Shakira sabe que atrs desta estrela pop rebolativa h um corao roqueiro e uma alma folk. E  assim que a Shakira nos presenteia com um cd um tanto controverso para um mercado cada vez mais descartvel. Quem hoje se lembra de 'estrelas' como Carly Rae Jepsen ou Lady Gaga?",0,0,"Apr 24, 2014"
8,"Not Shakira's best but still very much worth listening too. I am definitely going to say that I wish the song La La La (Spanish Version) was included on the American release. It would have been a great single for US Latin radio. I think, overall, I am a fan of the reggae-tinged production in this album. It's very different, and I like hearing a new side to Shakira. By far and away, the strongest track on this album is Empire. Proud of Shaki for getting back to the rock roots us Hispanohablantes know and love,  but I wish she had written the song herself. It sounds off if she doesn't write the song. In fact, this whole album just sounds off. It all SOUNDS like it should be sung by Shakira, but unless Shakira actually wrote the song, I don't think it sounds nearly as convincing. That's just the way she is and always has been. Overall, however, there was not a bad song on the album. It just left a little to be desired.",0,0,"May 12, 2014"
6,"Shakira's lyrics were always personal and this album is not an exception.It's full of sweet and honest lyrics about the bright side of love and life.Music follows a much more minimalistic,acoustic approach that fit lyrics perfectly.
Unfortunately,what doesn't fits perfectly is Shakira's singing style.Don't get me wrong,I love her unique voice and singing but let's be honest:
even her most die hard fan would admit she is no adele or alicia keys to support this kind of songs. Simple,acoustic songwriting (23,broken record,,that way) ain't do her any favors.
Songs like 'You cut me deep','Dare' and 'Can't remember to forget you' though compliment her vocal range perfectly and turn out to be album's most entertaining moments.
She also stands her ground on 'empire' and 'loca por ti'-both a clever refer to her  rockish  past (si te vas,invevitable) and present (devocion).Maybe it is just me but I will love a total rock -or why not,hard rock- album from her in the future.
On one hand it's brave to take some serious risks,including new music styles like country,on the other hand a country song by shakira is as useful as a death metal song by miranda lambert.
She is absolutely talented,she can rock a lot of different music styles but she can't do anything.
A man has to know his limitations.This album is borderline bipolar and not in a good way,like laundry service and sal el sol were.",0,0,"May 14, 2014"
8,"I adore her hard work, experimentation with new genres because I listen to all genres. She has experimented with Country on this one. She brought up her Caribbean blood with reggae beats from 'cut me deep' and 'CRTFY'.  Again she has maintained her rock self with 'Empire'. and the same goes to pop with 'YDCAM' and dance 'lalala' lol she has shown her love and respect to her partner singing in Catalan(Boig per tu)!  Just that I wish that this album was bilingual. I always want to listen to more and more Spanish songs from my Spanish teacher!",0,0,"Jun  3, 2014"
10,"Great album, great bands with great vocals, Shakira is an artist who has great talent in his compositions and productions, honest, full of excitement and great music album, proving once again that you can make pop music quality. Even at that time the music industry this time in decay, we have a cohesive album and enjoy a quality artist.
# Diva",0,0,"Jun 15, 2014"
6,"Shakira es la diva latina por excelencia, 'Shakira' es su ultimo Disco que en su edicin normal contiene 3 canciones en espaol y 8 en ingles.'Shakira' explora distintos gneros musicales como el reggae (cut me deep), electropop (La la la) y hasta country (Medicine).
'Shakira' es un disco muy personal, y con buenas canciones, pero se podra haber hecho mas,El disco esta bien, pero tendra que haber sido mejor.",0,0,"Jun 20, 2014"
10,"Just an AMAZING album! One of the best album from Shakira. Her vocals, her lyrics, a great mix of genres, it's so enjoyable. Key songs? Cut Me Deep, Broken Record, Spotlight, Empire and Can't Remember To Forget You. BUY IT NOW!",0,0,"Sep 24, 2014"
10,"Amei esse lbum ele prova que uma cantora pode sempre manter seu essencial mesmo fora de seu pas no  que nem outras cantoras que se tornam desesperada depois do flop e saem correndo atrs da Iggy tentando criar hits (sou verdadeira sinto muito)",0,0,"Feb  1, 2015"
10,"(   ,     ),     :
-   , ,   ,    ,   ,     .        !",0,0,"Sep 13, 2015"
10,"Hinrio, Shakira demonstrou nesse lbum que nunca decaiu e sempre mostrou algo maduro e de qualidade, este lbum no merece ser chamado de lbum e sim de obra prima no  apenas uma msica que vc ouve e sim algo que vc sente dentro de s mesmo",0,0,"Oct 13, 2015"
7,"Not bad at all, seems like a summing up of her previous career, taking the sound from each of her previous efforts. However, not a single song is memorable or has survived the trial of time in my personal playlists. Since She Wolf, Shakira is relying more onto easy tunes, big hits than real quality. Given the fact that she was probably really discernable for her style, both visually and musically, it is a real shame that she choose the way of mediocre mainstream pop. In this record she's trying to be more true to herself and can be appreciated indeed.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2015"
10,"This album is amazing. It's a perfect pop album, eclectic and cool, all the songs are wonderful. Favorite songs are The One Thing, Medicine and Cut Me Deep.",0,0,"Feb 14, 2016"
10,"Amo este album tiene varias canciones que combinan pop, rock, regue, tambin sonidos brasileos, tiene baladas tiene canciones que te hacen bailar, recuerda a sus inicios tiene cosas nuevas como el country, es un album muy completo",0,0,"Mar  2, 2016"
9,"Es Un Gran Album, Tiene Hermosas Letras, Pero Es El Album De Shakira Que Menos Me Ha Gustado,Pero Le Doy Un 9 Porque Tiene Mucha Calidad, Me Ha Gustado, Pero Pudo Ser Mejor",0,0,"May 29, 2016"
4,"Who really needs a new Enrique Iglesias album? Sex And Love is a power collection of well known 'dance/house' riffs. There is even some ridiculous dubstep arrangements on Heart Attack. The formula...let's try everything! Artistically, the album deserves a big zero. You can dance to it though. Rajotte",1,2,"Apr 10, 2014"
0,"Unlike Enrique's previous outings, this album just feels like generic pop trash. There is no song here that is different from the Pop/House/Dance genre.This lyrics are not so nice either. If you like pop/dance music you'll like this album a tad bit more than I did.",1,2,"Apr 12, 2014"
10,"This is my favorite cd so far of 2014. After listening to the entire cd several times, I believe there are many dance tracks that will become very popular at the pool, beach, or outdoors this spring and summer. Also, there are several ballads on the cd, all delightful.",1,3,"Mar 29, 2014"
0,"Disappointment............................................................................................................................................................",0,2,"Apr 30, 2014"
0,"Very bad..............................................................................................................................................",0,0,"Jun 27, 2016"
10,"When I first listened to this album, I really didn't like it. However, after listening to it again, I now realize that it is probably Gogol Bordello's best album yet. It tries out a very different style of music that the band hasn't used before and it really makes this album something special. It's the same ol' Gogol Bordello, with a really beautiful new coat of paint.",1,1,"Jul 24, 2013"
8,"En un comienzo imagin que Pura Vida Conspiracy se trataba de un Sper Taranta! II, pero al avanzar en las canciones fu encontrando elementos nuevos que hacen de ste lbum una faceta diferente de Gogol Bordello. La escucha es entretenida, amena, el aire gitano nunca se pierde, pero juegan con nuevas fusiones. Es un lbum que vale la pena.",1,2,"Jul 24, 2013"
0,"ALL THE SONGS RIP OFF ANOTHER SONG. From Take on me by AHA to the Macarena, Pitbull rips it off. Can't he think up any of this own ideas. I think cover songs are on a better level because they at least acknowledge they took the song and its not theirs. Pitbull clearly doesn't. WRITE MUSIC, OR RETIRE.",2,2,"Dec 30, 2013"
0,"For a guy with an absolutely amazing vocabulary and a musical genius,i'm surprised this didn't get  more favorable user ratings! this guy is only second to MJ and will be remembered for generations to come! Absolute Legend..
(Sarcasm)",11,12,"Nov 24, 2012"
4,"Pitbull - Global Warming
1. Global Warming: His featuring partner sounds like a bad mit between Calle 13 and Sean Paul... 1/10
2. Don't stop the party: Nice party song. 6/10
3. Feel this moment:  Christina sounds really terrible... This song could not find a worst guest. 2/10
4. Back in Time: Soundtrack for 'Men in Black' is a cool song. Maybe the best one on this record 8/10
5. Hope We Meet Again: Okay! Everything sounds too similar 2/10
6. Party ain't over: Honestly. After this song there won't be any party 1/10
7. Drinks for you: The World knows that 'J-Lo' isn't the best singer but she sounds pretty well on this song. 6/10
8. Have some fun: Max from the Wanted sounds awesome.Sounds a little bit like ' I Found You'. 8/10
9. Outta Nowhere: Something different. 7/10
10.Tchu Tchu Tcha: I love Enrique's voice but i hate the 'Tchu Tchu Tcha' parts... 3/10
11: Last Night: Boring and sounds like 'Going In from J.Lo'. 1/10
12. I'm Off That: Yeah the last song. Sounds like Back in Time in a fast version. 3/10 At least 4 points. Could be worse.",3,4,"Nov 23, 2012"
0,"Horrible! One of the worst albums in history! I can't believe the price they are charging for this abomination of hell. The rating is being lenient if you ask me!",3,4,"Feb 13, 2013"
0,"he has come a long way but never improves has his music has become more pop and dance that usual. he is genius in his music but failed to make an impression with this album.",3,7,"Nov 27, 2012"
7,"Pitbull has been including my country in his album, Brazil with Tchu Tchu Tcha. Maybe, for American people it's not important, but for us, Pitbull is going to show us to world with Enrique Iglesias, and it's amazing. Pitbull's new album with Shakira, Jennifer Lopez, Enrique Iglesias and Akon for example, promises more success.",2,6,"Nov 30, 2012"
0,"pitbull is 21century pop music trash..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................",0,0,"Nov 17, 2015"
10,"I found this album on an airplane, of all places. I have a love of big, brassy Latin jazz ensemble work, so this seemed intriguing, even though I had no previous exposure to Rodrigo y Gabriela or C.U.B.A. I don't quite know how to describe the album, but I know that it works. The guitar work is virtuosic at times (Gabriela, I assume), but the brass band adds something to the mix that makes the whole greater than the sum of the parts. It is like melding two very different, albeit Latin, worlds. Because I did not listen to this album knowing what Rodrigo y Gabriela sounded like on their own, so I assumed, actually, that the two groups always recorded together. I guess that is a compliment, as they sound like they belong together to me.",0,0,"Feb 10, 2013"
10,"It's great to see a band do their homework by laboring to deliver on high expectations.  The first Mariachi El Bronx record set the bar very high.  This album not only reaches the same heights, it exceeds them.  This time the band goes beyond mariachi music, and all types of Mexican music are here.  Of course, in English.  The quality of the whole package is phenomenal.  The other nice thing is that this record is accessible to any audience: you can put it on for your kids, yourself, your parents or grandparents. They will all enjoy it.",0,0,"Sep 29, 2011"
9,"It may not be the perfect album, or the best album of the year but it's pretty awesome album...really good to chill in the bath or something. And besides i can assure to you that is very hard to find albums like this in spanish. Discos como estos son muy dificiles de encontrar en espaol, tanta mierda regguetonera y pop en espaol, opacan buenos artistas como este",0,0,"Jul  6, 2011"
6,"The common theme of liberation and freedom on Martin's new album are clearly result of his coming out last year. For this, I respect his work on this album. I'm glad he's developing more as an artist, but the result isn't that impressive. If I had to compare this to popular music now, it really doesn't stand up to anything I'm hearing currently. It just gets lost amongst all the other pop songs playing right now. There's maybe 2 worthy singles and the rest of the album is virtually forgettable.",0,0,"Apr 10, 2011"
10,"Sale el sol will be a back to basics album. I think that Shakira had released the album because of the negative reception of Loba in Latin America. I said this as an latin fan, Latin America wanted that she will be back to her roots like Pies descalzos, Dnde estn los ladrones? or Fijacin Oral Vol. 1 but this contains more merengue and reggaeton that latin pop rock, and that is too much.",6,6,"Dec 13, 2010"
10,"With the Sun coming out, comes an album that's sure to take you to various boundaries every time a track changes in the absolutely awesome album. Shakira certainly understands the notion of 'Cultural Diversity' in 20-Ten and no one can get better than her when it comes to mixing them to prepare the perfect recipe which is sure to become a international phenomenon! Must listen's include Devocion, Islands and Rabiosa that's gonna get you all dancing the moment you hear it! And how can anyone forget, Loca! Shakira's surely crazy and we absoultely love Crazy! Way to go!",4,4,"Oct 20, 2010"
10,"Being a fan of Shakira since even back from her first few albums, Magia, Peligro, and Pies Descalzos, I am thoroughly impressed by this work. It has easily become one of my favorite CDs of hers. It really does have a mix of all of Shakira's sides since the start of her career. It has nice ballads, rock influenced songs, fun Latin pieces - this album is refreshing, as it is very sincere to her roots compared to previous album, She Wolf. The lyrics are beautiful, the rhythms make you want to dance, cry, sing - a nice roller coaster of emotions from this well produced heart-felt album.",3,3,"Dec 22, 2010"
8,"Sale el Sol is damn good in every way, all the songs are different from each other but still go together pretty well. Awesome album! The best songs on here, in my opinion, is Devocin, Lo Que Ms, Tu Boca, Loca (English Version) and Gordita. Rabiosa feat. Pitbull is pretty good too, and will probably be big in the US.
Overall, this album is great! It could be better, had she made a pop song like Whenever, Wherever on this record, I think it could have been greater. 8 out of 10 from me.",2,2,"Oct 21, 2010"
9,"One of the best words defining this album is 'eclectic'. If you're trying to put this album in an specific box you'll can't. Shakira goes far from her Latin roots and take the chance from the sound of the moment (something that sounds like merengue but clash on latin electronic dance). This situation is perfectly shown in her featured songs with Pitbul and Dizzy Rascal (that have its origins in 'El Cata', Dominican artist that mixed the sounds for the most commercial songs of the album).
(The following comment is in Spanish just to follow the bilingual context of the album ;-))... Caso aparte es la cancin 'Gordita', pieza que me record la elegancia callejera de Calle 13. Aunque muchos encuentran en 'Rabiosa' una pieza de flirteo ms bailable, particularmente considero que la gracia de 'Gordita' radica en mi preferencia personal por el estilo particular de Calle 13, con tantas referencias a sus trabajos previos que no pude evitar sonreir al escuchar un flirteo ms 'tierno' al estilo de 'La Jirafa'. La pieza definitivamente ser de las favoritas en America Latina, mercado al que est enfocado el album (el punto es cuando ser correcto su lanzamiento?).
Listening ballads like 'mariposas'(butterflies), 'Lo que mas'(what more) and 'Antes de las seis' (before six o'clock) will remeber you the starting spanish albums -this album is the ninth in Shakira's career- sounds. It's good to listen some of that sound between the 'Dominican' fever. Of these three songs, 'Antes de las seis' will be the perfect radio ballad for Valentine next year.
And songs like 'Sale el sol', 'Mariposas' and 'Tu boca' remember that good pop-rock songs comes very fluid into Shakira's head. Don't try to complicate yourself finding deeper messages and enjoy them. From this ones, anyone could be a pop hit in Latin America and 'Tu boca' has a little special sound that turns out from almost any song of Shakira. 'Sale el sol' will be the next 'girl teen power' anthem (yes, i'm being sarcastic!)
Even the world wide hit 'Waka Waka (this time for Africa)' -that personally, i hated it- sounds coupled to the album (get over the mixes!) and, as Rosita says, maybe 'Islands' was unnecessary for the album, but that's one the things that you can do when you produce your own albums and want to create something different with something that you like (and best of all, your company don't denies). So, let it be! :-)
Finally, If you're expecting something new for this album, it's just the latin dance sounds mixed with merengue so much in vogue all over Latin America (And that made Pitbull some rich), but that has nothing new at this point. If you're waiting to listen the old Shakira sound, you'll be priced with 2 or 3 new happy songs (so, forget being depressed!). And if you're a Shakira's fan, you won't be disapointed.",2,2,"Nov  5, 2010"
9,"This album is awesome! Shakira tries to find her old self again and she pretty much succeeds in it. She combines many genres of music and her ballads are full of passion and emotion!  Spanish make the songs even more attractive. Even if you don't know the language the tracks can move you! It is very exciting!",2,2,"Nov  7, 2010"
10,"This album proves that the sun makes Shakira better than the moon. It's been I long time since I last truly enjoyed one of her records. That's how I like her - closer to Colombia than to the US, closer to what made the world spot her and love her. Lyrics in Spanish, a latin groove, some Shakira-like rocks, the smash hit Waka Waka. If you miss the 'Pies Descalzos', 'Ladrones', 'Unplugged' and some 'Laundry Service' Shakira, not forgetting the universal appeal, it's a must-listen.",2,2,"Dec 21, 2010"
8,"Shakira's musical diversity is amazing. A year ago, she issued She Wolf, an album full of dance and electro pop. Now, Shakira gives us Sale el Sol, completely different to She Wolf, and more eclectic than anything she has done before. Songs in the album can be divided into three completely different styles. First: the latin, merengue, reggaeton, fiesta songs (Loca, Gordita. Addicted to you, Rabiosa). Second: pop rock songs in the style of her older albums (Sale el Sol, Mariposas, Devocin, Islands, Tu Boca) Third: delicate beautiful ballads (Antes de las seis, Lo que ms) So the album's greatest success is also its only failure: there are so many contrasting styles that songs don't stick together very well to each other. However, the album is still very good: the title track will be welcomed by fans of her 90's stuff, Loca is a tremendous dance song and would have been a huge hit if released in Summer, and Antes de las seis is a ballad that remembers us how Shakira's songwriting can be.",1,1,"Dec 27, 2010"
10,"One of the best bilingual albums ever made in music history, Shakira brought latin rhythms from dominican merengue and produced three brilliant tracks (Loca, Rabiosa, Addicted To You) the album also has that 90's shakira thing that we all love, she came back to her roots with songs like Devocin, Tu Boca, Antes De Las Seis and Sale El Sol. Shakira has shown again that the language is not a bar for music. I think she needed more promotion and send the singles to U.S radio Loca and Rabiosa could be smashing singles. I think this is how pop-rock music should sound like.",1,1,"Apr 23, 2012"
7,"A great album of Shakira, dance like her, but with some unnecessary songs lowering the album level.
Highlights: Rabiosa and Loca
Lows: Islands and Lo Que Ms",1,1,"Dec 17, 2014"
10,"Significantly, this is not the best album by Shakira, as I'm a long-time fan of her and listened to her all albums, and this is by far one in the top 3 of her 9 albums. Here's the possible top 10 of her best works:
1. 'Laundry Service/Servicio de Lavandera'
2. 'Oral Fixation, Vol. 2'
3. 'Sale El Sol'
4. 'Fijacin Oral, Vol. 1'
5. 'Dnde Estn los Ladrones?'
6. 'She Wolf'
7. 'Pies Descalzos'
8. 'Peligro'
9. 'MTV Unplugged'
10. 'Magia'
I love Shakira's music and this album proves that I'm right! Congrats!",5,6,"Nov 25, 2010"
10,"Sale el Sol demostrates Shakira's evolution in music. Enjoyable from beggining to end. Shakira brings back spanish music, real spanish music. Her ability to handle many genres and blend them with her unique styles makes this album a jewel. Shakira is back, and she's back to stay. Sale el Sol is a classic in spanish music history.",8,10,"Nov  3, 2010"
10,"I can't believe this album is as good as it is -- Shakira's best work and quite possibly the best pop record of the year. Each song embrances it's popiness wholeheartedly, from the ballads to the club jams. If you go anywhere near a club in the next year expect to hear 'Loca Loca Loca' ad nauseum.",4,5,"Oct 26, 2010"
10,"Shakira with this new album is confirmed as a pop star and the album 'The sun comes out' is very interesting becouse, she mixes many music genres.And this album is the best in her career.Songs recommended: 'Loca', 'Gordita', 'Antes de las seis' and 'Devocin'.",3,4,"Oct 25, 2010"
10,"She's finally done a true Shakira album...we all know the she always tries different sounds, but ''She Wolf'' didn't work (not for me), and now she's back with deeper songs (even the dance songs), powerful vocals, great lyrics. Rock, ballads and hip moves...GREAT ALBUM...",3,4,"Oct 28, 2010"
10,"WOAO QUE DISCO MAS CREATIVO ALUCINADO ESPECIAL DELICADO MAGNIFICO ELEGANTE FABULOSO ES EL CD DEL A",2,3,"Oct 26, 2010"
10,"I was a bit skeptical after She Wolf, but Shakira just proves she can bounce from sound to sound without suffering from the change. Sale El Sol is amazing from start to finish, taking the listener through an extravagant ride towards music awareness.",1,2,"Oct 21, 2010"
10,"Shakira at her best! great up-tempos with a Merengue sound and amazing ballads like Lo Que mas Antes De Las Seis. Classic rock Shakira with Devocion and TU Boca. Amazing album!",1,2,"Oct 22, 2010"
2,"She tried so hard to be a plastic popstar with Laundry Service in 2001, the Fixations in 2005 and She Wolf in 2009 that now that she wants to go back to her old self, she fails misserably and seems as fake as ever. She is trapped between the hottie hip-shaker bimbo and the latino pop-rock star she was in 1998. Plus, her voice is not at her best, thicker than ever and out of tune. You can see this in Tu Boca, Devocin, Addicted To You, Sale el Sol or Islands. Half of the album are cheesy songs full of merengue and reggaeton. Her vocals, for those who understand spanish, are shameful. Loca is maybe the worst of them all, but Rabiosa, Gordita and Addicted To You are not better. Nobody believes now that she can deliver a rock influenced song with dignity and she proves it in Tu Boca and Devocin. It",7,20,"Oct 24, 2010"
0,"Might not be as bad as She Wolf but it features the same simplistic lyrics that have characterized Shakira's records since 1998. There's nothing special here. I'm very surprised on how high it's been scored by both the critics and the users. It is not helping anyone trying to get something good. The only exception here could be 'Gordita' and thats thanks to the contribution of Calle 13. The rest contains the same repetitive and cheesy lyrics. No, Shakira is not turning back to her roots. I'm sorry for all of you. And my real score is 1.0 but it seems this is getting manipulated.",1,10,"Jul 25, 2011"
8,"Well lets face it, it';s not just the music that's good also the looks and I have to say this critic has a crush on this singer and that's nothing for a negative comment but since i'm a critic I can't give top marks",0,1,"Jan 18, 2011"
6,"I personally feel that most people here are giving Shakira too much credit, just because it's got a high Metascore (off only 5 critics). Don't get me wrong, it's not bad, it's just nothing special.",0,1,"Apr 14, 2011"
8,"Why couldn't Christina Aguilera and Britney Spears do something like Shakira, and manage to do a great album, even after like twenty years in her carrier! A latino-album with a powerbeta that makes anyone dance, she did a great job in songs like 'Rabiosa' and 'Gordita', a I hope people start to think like her when doing a album.",0,1,"Oct  9, 2011"
2,"Shakira's album is a  mediocre attempt to conquer their two types of public, Latin and European, but remains just that, it's just one more try ... Shakira is the same concept to a tired, unimaginative and boring. You need to renew and give a time-out to his career.",0,3,"Feb 12, 2012"
7,"Just want to say: this album is in Spanish. I did not know this when I bought it. Only three songs are in English. The best song is 'Gordita', even though it is in Spanish.",0,1,"Aug 12, 2013"
9,"'Sale el Sol' is what you get when mixing old school Shakira and a tropical **** A fruity and deliciously fresh album easily liked at the very  first listen empowered by her unique organic lyrics.
The tracks 'Sale el Sol' ,'Loca', 'Antes de las Seis' and 'Gordita' are the album's highlights, others like 'Addicted to You' and 'Rabiosa' fail to give that boost that makes the album a complete addiction.
This album proves that Shakira is as malleable as clay and clearly that the sky is not her limit.",0,0,"Dec 27, 2010"
10,"One of her best. This album has grat songs like Loca, Antes de Las Seis, Gordita, Addicted to You, Lo Que Ms, Rabiosa, Devocion, Tu Boca... Shakira is one of the greatest female artist  now days,  is so sadly that she doesn't has the attention that she deserves. Keep doing great music Shaki, you have one of the best spanish albuns ever, Fijacion Oral Vol. 1. Thank you for making good music. 10",0,0,"Jan 22, 2011"
10,"It shows shakira's ability to always come up with something new and fresh, sale el sol is a hot record with many different colors which make a very enjoyable ambient for the listener, she definitely took a risk and succeeded",0,0,"Feb 18, 2011"
8,"This album has just regained my faith in Shakira after the ordinary 'She Wolf'. Shakira should just get away for a while from that style and keep releasing stuff like this that really sounds amazing for her. I had very big expectations about this new album for the simple fact that it was conceived in Spanish... and then Shakira saying 'I'll try to include Latin rhythms' and 'old style' and stuff... I needed to listen to it as soon as possible. Not perfect but as good as it should be! 'Sale el sol' it's not her best album honestly but it's a great quality album! The wait was worthy.",0,0,"May 29, 2011"
9,"Love this album! Every track is catchy, but i got to say my fave is 'Islands' so far, WHAT A GIRL! That's is a great cover. Ballads 'lo que mas' y 'antes de las seis' are wonderful. Masterpieces. Latin tracks are great too 'Rabiosa' and 'loca' are very catchy, perfect summer songs.",0,0,"Jun 29, 2011"
10,"This is an excellent latin album, she did it again. The best songs are: 'Sale el Sol', 'Antes de las Seis', 'Devocion' , 'Lo que ms'. She mix a lot of sounds that create  fabulous latin sounds.",0,0,"Mar 12, 2012"
9,"Shakira acaba de demonstrar que no es una diva superficial de las que unicamente siguen la moda del momento. Sale el Sol es un disco completamente distinto a todo lo que suena actualmente y conserva la gran esencia de Shakira. Loca, Rabiosa y A2U aparentemente son canciones normales hechas con el fin apenas de hacer bailar a la gente, pero si nos ponemos apensar esas 3 canciones ofrecen algo fresco frente a las canciones con beats electronicos, hacer que medio mundo baile un genero tan latino como el merengue es algo dificil y muchas veces imposible para las dem",0,0,"Mar 19, 2012"
10,"Shakira, a global phenomenon after her single 'Waka, Waka This Time for Africa' world cup anthem, and world smash-hit. Skakira has returned with Sale el Sol, another bilingual album. The first single of the album got everyone dancing and acting crazy, this sing is 'Loca'. This track is in both Spanish and English, gaining more success with the English version, 'Loca' is fiery/dance song that should be played at parties and clubs, a song that surely keep you dancing. Next we have the title track 'Sale el Sol' (in Spanish) with beautiful/strong vocals by Shakira, which makes us all want the sun to come out. 'Antes de las Seis' (Spanish) is a graceful and heartfelt tune, also fourth single to the album. 'Gordita' (Spanish) featuring Calle 13, is more of a rock and alternative song, which diversifies the album's genres. Followed by 'Addicted to You' (Bilingual) with Shakira singing in spanish with a few ad-libs of english, Addicted to you is a dance/pop song, perfect for getting into the groove. 'Lo Que Mas' opens with a enchanting piano prelude, tranquil and soft are the best words to determine Shakira's vocals and the tune. 'Mariposas' (Spanish) a fun-loving song that you just want to sing-along to, 'Voy a insistir, sin descansar, es una historia sin final mi amor es sobre natural' translation: 'I will insist, without resisting, this is a story without an end, my love is supernatural'. 'Rabiosa' (English + Spanish version) featuring artists such as Pitbull and El Cata, Rabiosa is a fusion of hip-hop and merengue, to make the perfect summer hit. Next in line we have 'Devocin' (Spanish), an alternative piece, full of intriguing synth patterns and drum beats. Also for the first time Shakira includes a cover of a song on her album, this track is 'Islands' (in English) by the xx. Shakira's version of 'Islands' is considered a soft-rock/pop song, I think that she's done a wonderful cover which you'd like to listen to by the beach and dance to. 'Tu Boca' a nice song to end the album, it's a fun and easy tune to listen to. The album also includes Shakira's world cup anthem 'Waka, Waka, This Time for Africa' in it's original version and K-mix. 'Waka, Waka, This Time for Africa' (English + Spanish versions), the K-mix is a refreshing and enjoyable remix of the global phenomenon, the new drum beat makes it fun to rock to! To conclude Shakira has yet again captured our hearts with this amazing/astonishing album. Her bilingualism makes it easy for both English and Spanish cultures to enjoy and have a good time. From rock to pop and in-between this is one of her most meaningful album, a great-buy! Album highlights include 'Lo Que Mas', 'Mariposas', 'Islands' and 'Antes De Las Seis'.",0,0,"Apr 14, 2012"
9,"Lo que demuestra colombia en grandes paises co Estados unidos un avance musical hermoso por parte de esta hermosa mujer...............................",0,0,"Jul 19, 2013"
9,"Shakira has always been a great singer and songwriter, Sale El Sol comes as a great gift for his fans, a wonderful and worked well album, the highlights are ''Antes de Las Seis'' and a great cover of ''Islands'' by The XX.",0,0,"Dec 15, 2013"
10,"'Sale El Sol' is definitely one of Shakira's best albums so far. Love the latin mixes in 'Addicted To You', the rock beats in 'Tu Boca' and the alternate spirit on the cover song 'Islands'. Keep it like that Shaki!",0,0,"Mar 23, 2014"
9,"Sin duda, Sale el Sol demuestra la enorme capacidad que tiene Shakira para componer, interpretar y cantar, asimismo demostrar su mximo punto de madurez como cantante desde 'Donde Estan Los Ladrones?'.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2014"
8,"What a fun album! Considering that I don't speak a word of Spanish, I think it's safe to say that the music of 'Sale el Sol' speaks for itself, especially for those that are looking for a fun way to score a run in the sun!",0,0,"Sep  9, 2015"
10,"gosto tanto desse album ele me lembra coisas boas como ja diz o nome sale el sol e um album claro aberto feito de cancoes tristes ate as mais alegres.",0,0,"Oct 27, 2015"
9,"Muy buen album, quizas no sea el mejor en espaol, pero tiene buenos ritmos e influecias muy latinas,Mis Favoritas: Devocion, Gordita, Sale El So Y muchas Mas",0,0,"May 30, 2016"
9,"Excellent, underrated album that's gotten better since its release. El Guincho melds legitimate caribbean chops with avant-garde song writing and creates a uniquely hypnotic sound. The repetition that defines his sample-heavy sound flourishes when expected to support a beat instead of lead a song. Spanish speakers will also enjoy El Guincho's uniquely absurd imagery and reasoning. Don't miss out on lead single Bombay's absolutely excellent music video as well.",0,0,"May  5, 2012"
10,"If you like Juanes, Julieta Venegas (who is a guest in 2 songs), or are a fan of Nelly and her voice you'll love this cd. If you don't love her voice then Maybe you should be listen to it from a friend because I know some people consider her voice to be an acquired taste(though I don't know why because I love it and think it is so unique, as an aspiring singer, I'm jealous of her voice!!) I've listened to it 3 times since buying it last night and my favorite songs so far are: Vacacion, Suficiente Tiempo, Fuerte, Como Lluvia, Mas, Bajo otra Luz, Feliz Cumpleanos and the hidden track. Well that's almost the whole cd and I'm sure that the other songs will become favorites soon. With Loose it took a while for me to like-no-looove the songs because when I heard the cd 4 the 1st time, I just didn't like it unlike her previous work which I loved immediately, but I know that eventually this cd will be one that I can't stop listening to. This album proves that SHE DOESN'T NEED TIMBALAND because she's too unique to try to be another dancing pop star with beat driven music!!! Can't wait to see her in concert!",0,0,"Sep 17, 2009"
2,"I wonder if people bought the album if it wasnt by Nelly Furtado. It was very, very mediocre. Makes her last album Loose look very good, and that was already not good for Nelly standards. People always say, that Nelly tries different things with every album, but this time her new songs are just...boring. And its not because I dont speak spanish, but because the music is just so simple and dull. And, even more surprising, Nelly has no soul or any passion on this album. She has delivered better vocals on her other records. Its a record youll hear while on vacation when you have a drink at the beach bar and relax. From an artistic point of view it is pretty bad. People that only liked Loose by Nelly, will be disappointed. Even hardcore fans will be disappointed, not all, but many like me. Nelly has arrived in the mainstream pop business, and now she follows her female collegues by recording boring pop music.",0,0,"Sep 17, 2009"
4,"I have to say that, Mi Plan unfortunately really rather boring. I love Nelly, love most of her songs and her former styles from whoa nelly to loose, so not just loose. my fave album was folklore from her, because, i felt that, she expressed the best herself on it. And when i heard that album, i thought: wow! a really amazing person with unique style and voice! and i couldnt wait for her new album, mi plan. Manos al aire was a special song, a great mixture and i thought: if mi plan will just like good as the first single, then this album will BE AWESOME. but after this good single, i began to be disappointed. ms was romantic, but too slow, in bajo otra lz just the chorus part was liked and it was a similar situation with mi plan single too. so, theres 3 song on the album, what i really like: manos al aire, fuerte and suficiente tiempo. thats all. i think, that was the problem, that nelly want to release a superfantastic spanish album, and thats good, that nelly really enjoyed the album-making, but i miss the dynamic, interesting and excitin songs. and i also think, she doesnt provide the voice-capacity, what we accustom from her, because her audios are very weak. Nelly, your next album let be much melodious and exciting, please! and i think, these mistakes arent the consequences of the language borders, just this album too relaxing to be hiter.",0,0,"Sep 23, 2009"
10,"Man, I  don't know why some people don't like this album, I love it.  Listen to the lyrics!  I mean 'Feliz Cumpleanos' is heart-breaking.  I love all the duets.",0,0,"Apr 15, 2011"
10,"This is yet another great album from Bajofondo. The variation (from rap to progressive styles) in the music sounds great altogether and the subtle electronic influence makes the music flow perfectly, making it a sweet, soothing ride from the beginning to the end. Very, very recommended.",0,0,"Aug  2, 2008"
10,"The best album of the year until now. The mix of tango and electronic music with the addition of great singers gives as result a memorable album.",0,0,"Aug 29, 2008"
8,"Interesting how it's got an 84 overall rating, with no individual rating higher than an 80.",0,0,"Aug 26, 2008"
10,"Get it",0,0,"Apr 14, 2007"
9,"Ozomatli did what they precisely set out to do with this album. They made an album that's more accessible to a wider English-speaking audience, while maintaining their diverse style and positive message with a socio-political (but non-overbearing) edge. While this isn't their best album, it is a great installment in the evolution of their career.",0,0,"Apr 13, 2007"
2,"Never been a fan of Ms. Lopez. I speak Spanish and liked the sound of Qu Hiciste, but the rest of this album, like her others, was extremely disappointing. It is one boring ballad with bad singing after another. I also like Te Voy a Querer, or I would if someone else was singing it. I know it's gotten mixed reviews, but those who like it need to dig deeper. It's just bad. Period.",0,1,"Apr  9, 2007"
9,"not a real big j lo fan...but i must say i really do like this album!",0,0,"Apr 12, 2007"
10,"Jennifer Lopez rocks! And She Will do it again and again. Como Ama Una Mujer is one of JLO Best Work Along with Bordertown song 'Porque La Vida Es Asi' and of course 'ALive' of Enough movie. She's the Best Artist.",0,0,"Apr  4, 2007"
10,"Definitely the best album by La Lopez so far. For the first time again, i hear her being sincere, like she was way back then with her first album, 'On the 6'. Her voice has definitely improved on this album too Highlight: 'Apresurate'. Best song in that album, everything just flows so well on it. 'Te Voy A Querer' is screaming to be single. 'Por Arriesgarnos' Jennifer sings like an angel, her voice contrasts with Marc Anthony's who does the background vocals... A contrast which is very beautiful.",0,0,"Mar 26, 2007"
10,"This album is Exellent for those who understand and appreciate romantic Spanish music.",0,0,"Mar 26, 2007"
10,"Como ama una mujer is Jennifer Lopez best album !! with songs like Que hiciste, Me haces faltas, Por arriesgarnos, Sola, Adios and the beatifull Tu she finaly showcase her voice and she can really sing. This album is going to be a classic.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2007"
9,"This album is Jennifer Lopez best album! Almost every song is amazing and she proofs that her singing ability is great. The bests song are 'Qu hiciste', 'T' and 'Como ama una mujer', but the others songs are also good. This is by far her best album ever!",0,0,"Apr 11, 2007"
10,"This album is truly amazing! In order to appreciate this record, you need to actually like Spanish love music. If you're looking for dance songs, these are not them. The best effort from Jennifer and now I cannot wait for her future projects.",0,0,"Apr 17, 2007"
10,"great job, girl !",0,0,"Apr  2, 2007"
10,"One of my favorite Spanish albums of all time.",0,0,"Apr  2, 2007"
10,"Amazing Album. I think this is the first time that her voice actually stood out. I know of some Spanish but I can distinguish that she's improved a lot with this album - thx to Marc Anthony's training I'm sure. She does have a voice and all the songs in this album are awesome! I love the melody!!! Even more so for people who speak Spanish, they would appreciate it even more! For me, as long as the music/melody is awesome, I am hooked!",0,0,"Apr  4, 2007"
10,"i think this album has chance of breaking records due tothe fact that it`s her first spanish album but also because of Que Hiciste whose ending is magnificent",0,0,"Apr  4, 2007"
10,"The best album of J.LO!!! SUPER!",0,0,"Apr  8, 2007"
9,"Come on Metacritic, how can you ignore the great reviews that this cd got and give it a 45 rating based on the 'only' bad reviews it had! Can't believe it's her worst received album... Talking about the songs, i really like them. Jennifer sings very passionately and better than ever... She has definitely improved so much vocally wise. I like the fact that they didn't overproduce the album to hide her vocals' weakness, like in 'Rebirth' for instance. It's raw, magic, and very musical. Best songs are 'Tu', 'Porque te marchas', 'Sola' and 'Apresurate'. I wish she'd include more upbeat salsa tinged songs on it, but she did great with the ballads. I recommend the album for Jennifer Lopez's english-speaking fans who don't care about any spanish music, because music is universal and language shouldn't matter. I also recommend it to suckers for ballads, slow romantic songs... You should give the album as a gift for your significant other too haha",0,0,"May  2, 2007"
0,"It's just the worst album i've ener heard",0,0,"May  2, 2007"
10,"I really love this album... Had been a Jennifer Lopez fan since her On the 6 days... this is a truly sincere album.. & her best album ever... You could only relate to this album if you are trully in Love....",0,0,"May  9, 2007"
1,"One hates to pile on, but you can't help it with Jennifer. She stunningly sucks. I mean, she's so bad, Ben Affleck, of all people, ran for the hills from her. You've really got to laugh at those who think she's actually got talent. Maybe for self-promotion, but that's about it. Sheep, if you really want to hear what a great female singer sounds like, pick up the new Feist album.",0,0,"May  9, 2007"
9,"I am stunned by this album. Jennifer Lopez, singing in Spanish, has created the most passionate album of 2007. I'm not a Lopez fan and I don't speak Spanish, but I am a huge fan of this album. I love the passion and fire I hear in Lopez's voice. She has never sounded better - confident, sexy, very dramatic. Her diction in Spanish is over the top. There is Latin fire in her voice. I don't know what the critics will say; they should love it. But if they don't, trust me, there is greatness here. It is the best album I have heard so far in 2007.",0,0,"Mar 21, 2007"
9,"Lopez's best work. period.",0,0,"Mar 26, 2007"
2,"I admit I've never been a big fan of J-Lo's music, so here I thought if she was ever going to win me over it would be with a Spanish language album. Unfortunately, it just didn't hold my interest. I'll stick to watching her on the big screen.",0,0,"Mar 28, 2007"
10,"Don't even understand spanish but love this album! Amazing Jennifer!",0,0,"Mar 28, 2007"
0,"Awful. One of the worst albums of 2007 by far.",0,0,"Mar 29, 2007"
10,"Amazing. Best song is 'Tu' The whole album flows so well!",0,0,"Mar 29, 2007"
10,"hot",0,0,"Mar 30, 2007"
8,"I have a question about Metacritic's rating? Does it change as reviews keep coming? because i think that rating this album on 5 reviews only isn't enough. I collected some very positive reviews about this album, about like 15. This album is Jennifer's strongest effort. She has the voice of an angel, she sings with sincerety and sensuality. She shines on the ballad 'Como Ama Una Mujer' and gives us power on 'Te Voy A Querer'. We're never tired of that magnificent first single 'Qu Hiciste', full of anger and sadness. BUT, even though Lopez has stated many times that this cd is a ballad album, we wished for a hot upbeat latin flavoured track - a la 'Let's Get Loud' ou 'Open Off My Love' from On The 6. Still, most of the songs here are catchy ('Apresurate'), or just beautiful ('Tu' - best song on the record). 'Porqu Te marchas', spanish version of 'This is me' on her previous effort, Rebirth' is definitely better than the original: she sings with a sadness we would think this song is directed to Ben Affleck or Diddy (both cheated on her). The songs i'm feeling the less are 'Me Haces Falta' which is too 'pop' comparing to the other tracks, and 'Amarte es todo' where she sounds kinda tired. I give J.Lo credit for focusing on the interpretation, the lyrics, the musicality of the songs rather than the beats like on her previous albums. I wish her good luck and success with this amazing cd! Keep on working with Marc Anthony, he's a great artist and his influence on Jenny-Lo is wonderful",0,0,"Apr  3, 2007"
8,"I am tired of people--including music and movie critics--who condemn Jennifer Lopez because she's Jennifer Lopez. Please listen to her music and watch her movies before pretending you know what you're writing about--and then comment on the performance, not the the image.",0,0,"Mar 28, 2007"
10,"Jennifer best album !!! her voice is beautifull !!",0,0,"Mar 29, 2007"
10,"I love this album. She sings so beautiful and without background singers. The song 'Tu' is so so gorgeous u people should really buy this album. Jennifer Lopez #1 4 Ever.",0,0,"Mar 31, 2007"
9,"Jennifer comes with a new style of music this time maybe trying to conquier other hearts. those probably who are not fond of her earlier albums might find it appealing this. some who loved her music might be dissapointed this time or just get over it and wait for the next. This album fills me with happines and power. I hope you will love this album.",0,0,"Apr 13, 2007"
8,"Vocally, the best effort from Lopez. The album is a gem in her catalogue, however, most fans would probably want a more uptempo effort from her. I personally enjoy the ballads.",0,0,"Apr 14, 2007"
10,"An amazing collection of songs--all with Mark A.'s genuis sound. The lyrics of every song are outstanding. They give a glimpse of their intimate relationship and how they just followed their hearts to become a couple. It's amazing to hear Jen sing 'Que Hiciste', a song clearly addressing Mark's side of his breakup with his ex, Dayanara Torres--but sung by his current wife--superb! If the last cut, 'Adios', an anthem, doesn't give you goosebumps or make you shed a tear, well, I pity you. Jen, you made me proud.",0,0,"Apr 25, 2007"
10,"The album is amazing i love all the songs, shes doing grat",0,0,"Apr 28, 2007"
10,"My favorite spanish album of all time!!! i'm still listening to this everyday. it's a sincere and beautiful album. CAUM is vocally superior to her previous ones for sure.",0,0,"Jun  3, 2014"
10,"I think it's interesting how the average score given to this album by critics is over 10% lower than the user score . . . in my opinion this is evidence that critics don't always know what they're talking about. This album is destined to be a classic in every sense, more than can be said about just about every album released in the last several years. There are other artists who may be more popular (though that's hard to imagine in this case, at least internationally), or more critically acclaimed, but most of them get dull after repeated listenings. This album gets better every time I hear it, something that I can say about very few albums at all (and something that surprises me greatly given the way Shakira's music is packaged to American audiences like it's no different from any other pop singer like [insert random female pop singer here]). Such a classification of her music might make sense if you're talking about her English-language stuff, but her voice really works much better speaking her native language and combined with her songwriting abilities puts this album on an entirely different level.",2,2,"Aug 26, 2008"
10,"her best work until now. every song helps you in a specific period of time in your life cause every song has its own rithm and its lirics, even if you don`t understand them, give a new point of view of life. wonderful work. the waiting for listening a new shakira`s spanish album was worth it.",1,1,"Jun 17, 2005"
10,"One of the two strongest works to date (the second one being Donde Estan Los Ladrones) from quite easily the most talented pop musician that's ever existed. And I mean 'pop' in a good way, as a characteristic of extreme versatility and exquisite taste for beautiful melody. Her level of involvement in the music she makes is astonishing. More than anyone else these days, she can be called the one and only author of her albums, and this yet increases my fascination with this latest work of hers. The melodies are unearthly, her unbelievably mature, amazing vocal stretches from whisper to unreachible hights in one phrase, the production is first-class, the lyrics (if you care reading translations on DualDisk or on the web) could be published as a book in their own right... And all of this is under her control, even the CD sleeves. Simply stunning.",1,1,"Jun 27, 2005"
10,"GREATTTTT",1,1,"Jun 17, 2005"
10,"In a world where most artists are media-created,shakira proves that talent exists.Very often,follow-up albums sound similar.Am happy to see that each song is individual and original,just like shakira.....",1,1,"Jul 21, 2005"
9,"it was not groundbreaking, but every song was distinctly different and well-crafted, while letting the album be just of beauty. yes, definitely a beautiful ablbum",1,1,"Nov  1, 2005"
10,"This is definetly Shakira's best album to date. The diversity is overwhelming and her striking, powerfull voice sounds better than ever. From the 60s bossa nova in Obtener un si to theSpanish punk in Escondite Ingles and from the South American accordeon in LA Tortura to the 80s pop beat in LAs de la intuicion. This album is just brilliant! To me the best any artist has ever made!",1,1,"Jun 16, 2005"
10,"This will become a classic spanish album, no doubt. No spanish album collection can be complete without it. It is so different from what we're usually accustomed to in latin music. Shakira is a great lyricist and this is very evident on this album. She is very ecclectic and succeeds in every genre she tackles in these songs. The best tracks are En tus pupilas, La pared (both versions), La tortura, No, Dia especial and Dia de enero. Although these are my favs, I must stress that every song is a good listen and that it's impossible to want to skip any of them. Even if you don't understand spanish, the music in itself is enough to want the album and the emotion she expresses is unlike no other pop music artist. If you absolutely need to know what she's saying, there are translations on her official website and DualDisc version of the album. You will not regret buying this album... I promise!!!!",1,1,"Jun 16, 2005"
10,"The beauty of this record is staggering. Shakira's poetry is amazing, as is her uniquely incredible voice, which hovers and croons on every song, making them drip with emotional believability. Although most of the tracks here have something to do with love or the loss of it, they are intelligent and (again) beautiful instead of being boring and sappy. Moving and exquisite, Fijacion Oral vol. 1 is undeniably one of the best albums of 2005, and leaves you thristing for its counterpart, Oral Fixation vol 2, due in November. The wait is almost unbearable.",1,1,"Jun 26, 2005"
10,"I don't speak much spanish, so i really have no clue what the lyrics mean, but Shakira's voice is so amazing that it doesn't really matter, i can still feel the emotion thats in every lyric without knowing what they mean......the songs also have a very catchy and exciting beat, its awesome.",1,1,"Jun  3, 2007"
10,"she's beautiful and have a beatiful voice too.",1,1,"Aug 15, 2005"
10,"Absolutely stunning. I don't speak Spanish, but this connected with me hard; I can only imagine how much more it would impact me if I knew the language.",1,1,"Feb 15, 2006"
10,"is one of the best spanish record in some many times , i love her music",1,1,"Jun 17, 2005"
0,"Boring and stupid music...",0,3,"Jun 21, 2005"
0,"shakiea sucks, her music gives me pain in te ass",0,2,"Aug 11, 2005"
0,"Horrible music, horrible album. The title of the album say all.",0,1,"Aug  2, 2005"
1,"shakira solo tiene un buen culo................nada mas.......",0,2,"Sep  1, 2005"
4,"not what i expected from her, and after such a long time. i hope the second CD to be better",0,1,"Jun 17, 2005"
4,"She's beautiful, yeah, but she sounds like a goat with cotton stuck in it's mouth. Also, her song writting skills are bad, especially her lyrics.",0,1,"Aug 29, 2005"
10,"wow, nice work, great songs!!!",0,0,"Jun 24, 2005"
10,"an excellent album",0,0,"Oct 28, 2005"
10,"I love this Cd.",0,0,"Jun 25, 2005"
10,"Sensational!",0,0,"Jun 26, 2005"
10,"Amazing, complete album. Shakira shows her talent as a producer, musician, writer, singer, dancer...anything. This girl is for sure multi-talented, what a gift, huh? so young ans so talented. *claps* deserves 10 even more if I could.",0,0,"Jun 16, 2005"
10,"It is an amazin album, im waiting for oral fixation vol. 2",0,0,"Jun 17, 2005"
10,"I love this CD the songs are beautiful and her voice is just incredible, I think is her best musical work.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2005"
10,"This album in one off the best albums of Shakiras career. i really love it.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2005"
10,"real poetry, excelent music, dance like no other, and beauty. cant'n ask for more!!!",0,0,"Jun 17, 2005"
10,"she shows versatility and the power of her voice in every song. I'd never bought a spanish cd up until now.",0,0,"Jun 18, 2005"
10,"lovely",0,0,"Jun 18, 2005"
10,"It's a wonderful album!!! Go girl!!!",0,0,"Jun 19, 2005"
10,"shakira is great, as her name full of grace.",0,0,"Jun 19, 2005"
10,"She's pretty, her music is nice and this C.D is diferent and special, this is good.",0,0,"Jun 19, 2005"
10,"Another great one by Shakira!",0,0,"Jul  2, 2005"
10,"F.O.1. shows the evolution Shakira made in past four years. Always including the traditional rhythems of Colombia (andinan music), Argentina (tango), Brazil (Bosa Nova) etc. Obtener Un Si in my opinion, is the best balad since (Pies Descalzos) Antologia.",0,0,"Jul 21, 2005"
10,"this is by far the best CD she has done in her career. My favorite song is 'Tus Pupilas,' so roomantic and of course I can't forget 'No,' beautiful video, I almost cried. ahh! Recommend this CD for sure!!!",0,0,"Jul 29, 2005"
10,"super",0,0,"Jul  4, 2005"
10,"This has to be one of the finest pop album out at the moment, and given |Shakira's talent with her lyrics and melody which compensates the rather craggy voice, this album is aweome.. |Espero que sus fans latinos van a seguir apoyando esta cantate talentosa..",0,0,"Aug 17, 2005"
10,"I absolutely LOVE Shakira!!!!!",0,0,"Aug  5, 2005"
10,"ShaKiRa RocKs",0,0,"Sep 28, 2005"
10,"Trully a masterpiece! The Best Latin/Spanish Album of our time. Shakira displays both growth and maturity in her songwriting and vocals. Definitely the Album of the year!",0,0,"Oct 18, 2005"
10,"maravilloso album uno de los mejores sin lugar a duda",0,0,"Dec  5, 2005"
9,"Until you can understand Spanish, you can't really understand how good this album is. Joining up with Gustavo Cerati is pure brilliance.",0,0,"Dec  6, 2005"
10,"Right. 'escondite Ingles' and 'la tortura' are two genius masterpieces!",0,0,"Jun 16, 2005"
10,"A great album.",0,0,"Jun 16, 2005"
10,"This album makes spanish pop/rock into the mainstream. One of Shakira's best efforts",0,0,"Jun 16, 2005"
10,"great album, one of her best...she has broken all language barriers by the emotion of her voice and power of her music",0,0,"Jun 17, 2005"
10,"Me parece que es el mejor disco de Shakira, super producido, y un sonido retro de diferentes dcadas muy bien logrado! La voz de Shakira en este disco es simplemente increble.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2005"
10,"wow, what can i say about this work. shakira is great as a singer as a producer, this is an excellent work. la pared, en tus pupilas, obtener un si, un dia especial. are songs that comes to our ears get inside our head and stay forever in our heart. great job, and congratulations to shakira. thank you metacritic.com, for give us this oportunity.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2005"
10,"its fabolus!i the best spanish record in some many times , i love her",0,0,"Jun 17, 2005"
9,"Shakira is back to her primitive poetic form that was what truly made her a superstar to begin with along the equator. Any one of her fans who frowned a bit on 'Laundry Service' for being too poppy and pop-tartish should easily forgive her with this excellent releases, which is her finest since 'Donde Estan Los Ladrones?', which I consider her strongest album to date. This talented young songstress unleashes her poetic spirit all throughout each track while still sounding just as accessible as she did through her previous releases, while also expanding her musical horizons, from bossanova to power pop to Depeche Mode-ish rock. The centerpiece would have to be 'Dia De Enero', one of her best lyrical songs ever, while 'Las de L'Intuicion' showcases her musical strength at its finest. Shakira has set the perfect stage for the second punch, the English-language 'Oral Fixation 2' due this fall. If she can have a SPANISH-language single ('La Tortura') impact the Billboard Hot 100 chart, then she will undoubtedly win the world over again this fall with what's certain to be a promising, exciting second offering. The graceful one is back everyone! :)",0,0,"Jun 17, 2005"
10,"The best album ever, you have to hear each and distinct song to be delighted of this Art Work.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2005"
10,"amazing, wonderfulll, the best album. and i don not spanish, but i know of music",0,0,"Jun 17, 2005"
10,"This is truly a great album. Every track has something unique and special to offer. I would recommend this CD to anyone.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2005"
10,"Great work, much more metter than Laundry Service.",0,0,"Jun 18, 2005"
10,"A superb feast of latin pop gems",0,0,"Jun 18, 2005"
10,"SHAKIRA is the most important latin artist of the moment, but its not for free, she has talent, a powerfull voice, sexy moves, a big heart and the most important, she has a brain that works so good, as songwriter, singer and producer. Shakira give us an excellent job 'FIJACION ORAL VOL.1', full of powerfull guitars, with an emotional voice, the soft blend of the 70s and 80s music, and an album that has its own language, the language of LOVE. this is her best album, I cant wit for the second part. thank you metacritic.com for give us the oportunity to say what we think and feel.",0,0,"Jun 18, 2005"
10,"best",0,0,"Jun 19, 2005"
10,"Amazing.....no comments....just listen!",0,0,"Jun 21, 2005"
10,"this album is GREAT Shakira had mature",0,0,"Jun 23, 2005"
9,"excelente",0,0,"Jun 25, 2005"
4,"Wow, Its surprising. Here in Spain, Shakira makes the perfect music for get drunk, dance and vomit. It has no substance and stupid and now the english papers say that its really phantastic!! What happened now if I say that Gery from Spice Girls is the best english singer of the moment? English people should listen the really good music in spanish and not this awfull gir..",0,0,"Jun 25, 2005"
10,"She is simply the best artist around.. she is true to herself and fortunately appealing to her fans.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2005"
10,"Shakira is the best and my favourite singer. That cd is proves why",0,0,"Jul 15, 2005"
10,"Shakira is the best female voice i love you Shakira Oral Fijaxion is the best .",0,0,"Jul 21, 2005"
10,"Este disco es el mejor de shaki, pues demuestra todo lo que ha aprendido como productora cantante y compositora. La felicito y mas que nada por que en este disco no se deja influenciar por otros y canta y saca discos como ella lo cree conveniente. Sus letras son profundas y sigue con un buen cuerpazo.",0,0,"Jul 22, 2005"
9,"Amazing vocals. Shakira is a top echelon artist. 'NO' , 'Obtener un si' and 'Dia de Enero' are among her absolute best works. I am amazed at the depth of her talent and passion. I addicted to this CD.",0,0,"Aug 11, 2005"
10,"Shakira is just the best...every single is a hit...so step off u fuckers and dont hate her just cuz she is the best... :)",0,0,"Aug 22, 2005"
10,"I love this CD! I can't wait untill her next one comes out. I will for sure buy it.",0,0,"Aug 26, 2005"
10,"awesome...",0,0,"Sep 24, 2005"
10,"amazing album, i already have her latest oral fixation vol.2, even better, shakira as we all like her is back",0,0,"Nov 25, 2005"
10,"La letra y msica de este CD es como trada por los Dioses!",0,0,"Oct 28, 2005"
10,"This is the best album of 2005 so far. Shakira has blended diverse sounds together with her trademark poetic lyrics to make some truly beautiful songs - my favorite songs include: La Pared, No and La Tortura.",0,0,"Jun 16, 2005"
10,"Danceable, melodic and super-styled... Shakira hasnt lost anything!",0,0,"Jun 16, 2005"
10,"WOW!!! omg i thought this was going to be a bland album but its really cool compared to laundry service i love it",0,0,"Jun 16, 2005"
10,"'Dia Especial' is the only weak track. Go Shakira! Everything here is marvellously classy and unusually mature!",0,0,"Jun 16, 2005"
10,"I've never bought such an emotive, beautiful and energic album. the diva's gettin' powerful!",0,0,"Jun 16, 2005"
10,"Sweetest latin pop-rock album to my ears. Ooooh, so sexy and danceable... and emotive at the same time!",0,0,"Jun 16, 2005"
10,"An excellent guilty pleasure. Shakira's best to date.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2005"
10,"it's very good",0,0,"Jun 17, 2005"
10,"only one word. PERFECT. SHAKIRA IS THE BEST.",0,0,"Jun 18, 2005"
10,"It's well produced. She surprises us in a few tracks with new tunes. It is indeed her best to date. One would fine different genre of songs all in her album. Rock, sultry, pop, latin, etc. This is definitely a top album of 2005. Look out for Oral Fixation 2 too.",0,0,"Jun 18, 2005"
10,"Indeed, Shakira definatly delievers on her first studio album in four years, and her first spanish language studio album in seven years. Fans of 'Donde Estan...' and 'MTV Unplugged' will be relieved to know that Shakira is back and in a big way, weaving a myriad of musical motives and styles to create a sound that is distinctly her own. Stand out tracks include the melancholy 'La Pared' as well as it's Acoustic alternate version also included here, as well as the semi-rock, semi-pop, semi-wonderful 'Escondite Ingles.' This is the Shakira CD for SHAKI Veterans as well as new fans and fans of 'Laudry Service.' This CD is so impressive that she has set quite a bar to live up to now with 'Oral Fixation Vol. 2,' due out in November 2005.",0,0,"Jun 19, 2005"
10,"pure art, thats all im saying. Go buy it...One of the best albums ever.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2005"
10,"Wonderful album, which doesn't surprise she me at all, she always do QUALITY music instead of quanity like some other artist. Shakira is one of the best producers, writters ever! and of course one of the best singers! she can play with her voice in a way ....can't explain! just listen to the album.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2005"
10,"Amazing album",0,0,"Jun 22, 2005"
10,"greatttttttttttttttttttt",0,0,"Jun 23, 2005"
10,"this record its the best album she made rally cool!!",0,0,"Jul 21, 2005"
9,"Amazing album. A couple of the tracks are not too much to my liking, but I still listen to them any way. This is a great CD...powerful vocals and great lyrics..nice beats..overall a nice CD to listen to anytime. LOPe",0,0,"Aug 13, 2005"
10,"Shakira is a completely extraordinary artist in the latin/pop genre. I do not speak Spanish, but I am learning in school. I did not even know that Shakira eexisted until a teacher mentioned her, and I got the album to practice hearing and understanding it, and this has actually made me become a big fan of her! Fijacion Oral Vol. 1 is completely amazing, and I went out and bought 'Oral Fixation Vol. 2' along with more of her CD's. Overall, I would give Shakira a 10/10 on almost any album and any song that she sings.",0,0,"Feb 24, 2006"
10,"A wait it has been for shakira to release a spanish album ...ooh the relief its nothing like laundry service which catapulted her to mainstream....Vol . 1 offers us a mature and very precise shakira ...with en tus pupilas opening the album with such softness and yet inspiring ....and of course include LA TORTURA the lead single which is music bouncing off the walls ....the rest of the album is a instant classic...with less flare and more soul and a core to poignant it hurts right where its suppose to the heart...you can actually close you eyes and invision a sea of emotions ...shakiras best album to date.",0,0,"May 24, 2006"
9,"In much senses, better than Pies Descalzos but not better than Dnde estn los ladrones?. The duet with Alejandro Sanz is the highlight of the album. 'No' is a very beautiful song, because i'm very MACHO and that song almost make me cry.",0,0,"Dec 14, 2010"
10,"One of the best albuns that I've ever heard. Shakira has made this great album for us, and in my opinion, this is her best album... Complete, beeeeeautiful songs, lyrics, it's a complete album. Thank you Shakira.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2011"
0,"I'd just like to point out that this gets a 90 even though its highest ranking is 90, and the majority are lower. It seems that the last four reviews count for ZERO? I know metacritic weights different reviewers based on their influence, dependability, etc. but how could this get a 90, mathematically speaking, unless the last four reviewers (which include billboard, a not unfluential outfit) COUNT FOR ZERO (or, at least, less than what little it would take to drag down this 90 a bit)? Someone show me what I'm missing. Why do these craptacular carribeans have one of the highest rated albums on this site? 90+90+90+83+80+80+75 divided by 7 = 84",2,2,"Feb 22, 2006"
2,"The individuals do better when they stick to their own material.",0,0,"Feb  9, 2003"
9,"Raul Malo, Rick Trevino and Ruben Ramos are the highlights of this cd.",0,0,"May 31, 2001"
9,"Album is worth it just for the tracks featuring Raul Malo. It is an absolute delight.",0,0,"May  1, 2002"
10,"The Veloso and Baca tracks are sizzling and evoke their solo efforts. Calle 16, Compay Gato, and Teresa are great Latin numbers, and the Mexican flavot of El Pescador and Maiz is right on. Better than the debut album, which is close to unbelievable but yes they achieved it.",0,0,"Jul 13, 2007"
10,"Even if you do not understand Spanish, if you enjoy great music, this is the CD you want. Also buy the video, No Borders.",0,0,"Feb 19, 2003"
0,"This album scored higher than the Strokes's Is This It? Seriosuly? How? Not even one score here is above 90 and yet it gets a 91. Then again, who would want to listen to this. It's complete garbage.
Allow me to do the math: 90 + 90 + 90 + 83 + 80 + 80 + 75 = 588. Then 588 : 7 = 84.",0,0,"Dec 18, 2015"
10,"although its a latin version of some of her hits. but stil she proves to be a versatile artist from eng. to latin. she has this incredible voice that no artist have.",1,1,"Nov  6, 2001"
10,"Its a wonderful album.. Every single song of the album here are very enjoyable, and she sings all songs beautifully.. Its great, i dont understand why they just rate it so low.",1,1,"Jun  7, 2007"
9,"overall an awesome album that truly shows christina's vocal ability and that she stays true to her roots... i really admire her.",1,1,"May 11, 2003"
10,"i like this album because it shows Christina's Latin side and it show people who are haters that she can sing in Spanish too and that she amazing at what she does........singing",1,1,"May  6, 2011"
10,"Nice album. Its a good idea to translate the songs in Spanish. She has a very very very cool and good idea to do this. Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good Good",1,1,"Feb 10, 2013"
0,"crappp.",2,4,"Mar 23, 2012"
1,"the only fairly 'good' thing here is Aguilera's voice. The rest is crap",0,2,"Oct 17, 2003"
5,"No hay mucho trabajo detrs de l. En algunas canciones la mujer no sabe ni lo que est diciendo, solo grita. Hay dos o tres canciones entretenidas, pero 3 o 4 insufribles.",0,1,"Apr  5, 2011"
10,"She can sing. In every language she wants. I think that some of the Spanish versions sound better than some 'Christina Aguilera' English songs. She's got talent!",0,0,"Sep 13, 2011"
6,"Before club-ready anthems of 'Lotus', before sexy and glittery 'Burlesque' soundtrack, before experimental  'Bionic', amazing 'B2B' and her 1st fully grown up effort 'Stripped' young Christina Aguilera released a spanish version of her self titled debut album called 'Mi Reflejo'. It contained a new versions of her 5 singles. Some of them were better ('Ven Conmigo', 'Mi Reflejo'), some of them were worse ('Una Mujer'). The other tracks were some non impressive, typical pop ballads, although I found some sexy, latin, hip-shaking tracks like 'Falsas Esperanzas' and 'Cuando No Es Contigo' that I really like. Overall, it's a bit dull, but still enjoyable album. Later, that young lady became one of the most powerfull female vocalists ever.
6 out of 10",0,0,"Aug  4, 2013"
10,"Com certeza um dos melhores lbuns latinos da msica, agraciado com a doce msica pop teen junta ao talento vocal indiscutvel da Aguilera, superou sem dvidas seu inspirador debut.",0,0,"Feb  1, 2016"
10,"el mejor album del mundo todos deberian escucharlo sobre todo porque mejoro sus canciones en ingles al cantarlas en spanish las letras hermosas, los ritmos preciosos",0,0,"May 20, 2016"
