Consequence of Sound,80,"If there is a highlight on this surprisingly dog-free set it's Fight For This Love, where soaring melody piles upon soaring melody without sacrificing its subtle grace. [Dec 2009, p. 121]"
Kerrang!,70,"The Peoples Princess pleases with Her catchy generic pop"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"To be fair to the songwriters behind this record, 'Make You Cry' is actually the worst thing here - when the sound abandon the '90s and either tries to sound like the '80s ('Heaven' is pure Stock, Aitken, and Waterman), or to be a bit more modern, the quality remains solid. But therein lies the one major flaw of 3 Words - it's simply not consistent enough in terms of sound."
Rolling Stone,60,"Its most upbeat moments are its weakest: Will.I.Am and Cheryl lumbering on to the disco floor on Heaven, and the tinny electropop of Taio Cruz's contribution, Stand Up. Elsewhere the main sound on 3 Words is R&B, with any rhythmic trickery stripped out."
Punknews.org (Staff),40,"Over 11 tracks she fails to pull in a single noteworthy vocal, that's if you can even locate it beneath the waves of effects designed to disguise how very little is actually there."
Spin,40,"Producer Will.I.Am's contributions are, for the most part, utterly bland and lacking in bite. The sanitised R'n'B of Heaven is embarrassing with a generic construction that feels as if he went to a superstore and it took it off the shelf."

Pitchfork,70,"It would be a disservice to how good of an album Congregation of the Damned is to say its not as heavy as older material in Atreyus catalog."
Magnet,70,"Provided you don't have an unreasonable dislike of melody, you'll enjoy the majority of tracks on this album. Even if that does make you feel a bit dirty."
PopMatters,68,"Atreyu has resharpened its teeth on its new album, 'Congregation of the Damned,' which features the return of Varkatzas' deadly scream. But the set still features somber moments."
NOW Magazine,60,"There are some solid breakdowns to sink your teeth into, and the choruses are still huge and anthemic, but the rest might be a little too watered down for serious metalcore devotees."
Dusted Magazine,40,"The wicked dueling guitars of Dan Jacobs and Travis Miguel are about the only saving grace, but even the wildest arpeggio run can't save Congregation from near-total damnation. [Dec 2009, p.116]"

Uncut,91,"This slightly progger and grander follow-up bypasses such corny stuff until Track 8 begins a closing sequence of five lyrics-enhanced lite-jazzish tracks."
The Quietus,90,"White hot rockers give two fingers to difficult second album."
AllMusic,88,"Even more than on last years auspicious digital-only 'Exposion,' Austins White Denim stomp down the fine line between fertile versatility and iffy uncertainty. More often than not on Fits, this works out awesome."
The New York Times,80,"On that first listen, then, Fits is unlikely to come off well....By the third, you're clamouring for tickets to see them live."
Mojo,80,"White Denim somehow manage to cover all points of the musical compass without ever losing their overall sense of direction."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"With so many disparate elements spliced together, Fits should be a terrible mess, but the Texan trio exercise glorious control throughout, ensuring that every blast of noise has its tender counterpoint."
Pitchfork,80,"Its a rare pleasure to hear a band so at ease with themselves, playing with no obvious aim or agenda beyond having a good time and hoping you do, too. The best thing about Fits is imagining how incredible these songs will be when played live."
Clash Music,80,"Fits is sublime, sexy, unmisable. [Jul 2009, p.99]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"Its a fantastic record, a slow-burn masterpiece that buds gradually and thrives on the oxygen of repeated exposure."
Mixmag,80,"A third-eye dilator to be sure, but surprisingly easy to groove to. [Jul 2009, p.131]"
Under The Radar,80,"Hearing all these different stylistic excursions at first makes for a rather disjointed listening experience, however, almost as if the band is overcome with the need to try to be eclectic. Yet repeat listens slowly reveal the brilliance of Fits, each element deftly playing off another to make for a remarkably cohesive rock time machine."
Q Magazine,80,"A weird psychedelic mindset is woven through everything, and even though everything constantly seems on the verge of combustion, the songs on Fits always manage to hold together and work themselves out with exciting, engaging results."
Uncut,80,"Its also worth pointing out that as good as White Denim is at riling up your inner animal, they can also charm its socks off with tracks like the jaunty, upbeat 'Paint Yourself,' which opens with a lively acoustic chord progression that soon erupts into lo-fi pop bliss."
musicOMH.com,78,"The Fits and starts shaking and quaking this psychedelic shack in short, sharp bursts of fragmented soul and fractured R&B are the sum total of this flagship local trio's second LP."
Record Collector,70,"Fits feels like the band's formal first LP--lots of what makes them unique, and then those somewhat awkward 'growth' points. That initial itchiness, in other words, never really goes away."
Pitchfork,70,"You might listen to both albums and still feel uncomfortable trying to pin the band down. Thats a good thing, mostly. It reflects curiosity and ambition, along with a bit of willful obfuscation."
Boston Globe,70,"On its third LP, Fits, the Austin outfit White Denim thrives with wailing, wavering guitars, fuzzed-out basslines, and spiritied shouts. [Fall 2009, p.60]"
Rolling Stone,66,"When the album reaches its climax at about mid-point, the record changes pace and youre left wondering, What was that? Ultimately, you dont totally care to know the answer."
Paste Magazine,60,"You suspect Fits would fit better live, where the audience have no choice but to go with it, but here the trio sound slightly too pre-occupied with pleasing themselves rather than the listener, greedily ripping through riffs with a tenacity that, while impressive, is often ultimately self-defeating."
Consequence of Sound,50,"As 'Syncn' lilts to a close, its hard not to feel that White Denim would be better if they channelled a little of their chaotic diversity towards consistency, and focused upon being the very biggest, dumbest and craziest bunch of garage revivalists, rather than striking towards a uniqueness that is momentarily out of reach."

Spin,91,"The debut from Britain's much-fussed-over Florence + the Machine finally hits the States, and Lungs proves they're worth the adoration."
DIY Magazine,91,"Florence Welch has a penchant for dramatics. But what would be a dubious distinction for most twentysomethings becomes an advantage when paired with Welch's otherworldly vocals and a trio of top-tier British producers who elevate her Mercury Prize-nominated debut album, Lungs, to something that manages to be grandiose, relatable, and incessantly catchy all at the same time."
Q Magazine,90,"Because those pipes are big enough to shake the rain from the trees and, with an eclectic balance of genres leaning heavily towards folk and soul, she's got enough support to make her seem powerful rather than overbearing."
Mojo,80,"Lungs showcases Florence's dramatic voice as an instrument that the other instruments follow, from the urgent, rhythmic drums on 'Drumming Song' to the fluid harp runs on 'Rabbit Heart (Raise It Up).'"
The Quietus,80,"As it is, they're more than quite good, and all the better for the tracks that surround them."
Uncut,80,"It's a bold, inventive record that bristles with energy and passion."
Classic Rock Magazine,80,"Sometimes the rough edges have been over-smoothed: there are all kinds of strange, cheap synthesised noises buried under the layers of polish that I'd like to hear more clearly. But this is a minor gripe, for despite its dark heart, there's a real joy about this debut."
Rolling Stone,80,"Lungs is one of the most exciting, compelling, fearless and ultimately promising debuts of the year."
Paste Magazine,80,"Freed from her irritating live persona, moments here justify the hype."
Pitchfork,80,"There's a lot going on, but Welch never confuses breadth with depth. [Aug 2009, p.98]"
Q Magazine,80,"Lung's song peaks and valleys can occasionally be tiring. But when taken as an insight into the artist, it's nothing short of brillianrt. [Fall 2009, p.62]"
Paste Magazine,80,"While the comparisons were apt at the time, 'Kiss with a Fist' turned out to be a red herring in the wake of the release of Lungs, one of the most musically mature and emotionally mesmerizing albums of 2009."
Pitchfork,80,"From the way she sings, in big gulps and Teen Wolf growls, to the mystical art-rock ballads she bedazzles with sleigh bells, harps, and choirs, there's enough drama here for a Broadway musical. But her delivery is so raw that every mess feels genuine."
Q Magazine,80,"Florence's music is particularly sensitive to studio gloss; her singing is a fine balance between elegance and frenzy."
Uncut,75,"Even though damn near every third song sounds designed to sell overpriced sweaters at the Gap, the nectar at the heart of this album is worth the roughage you have to chew through to get there."
Classic Rock Magazine,72,"Lungs is a cloud-headed introduction to Welch's world, where It Girl hype, coffins, violence, and ambition combust on impact; it's a platinum-shellacked demo reel drunk on its own hi-fi-ness."
The Quietus,70,"If Lungs fails to make as much impact as those other debuts, it may be because Welch puts a little too much emphasis on singer and not enough on songwriter."
Mojo,70,"The best bits feel like being chased through a moonless night by a sexy moor witch."
PopMatters,60,"It may be breathtaking in places, but Flossie's Lungs are just a bit too full of bluster."
Classic Rock Magazine,60,"This is a brave, bold, inevitably flawed record from the kind of talent we should be esctastically happy to have around. [Aug 2009, p.92]"
Paste Magazine,60,"Too often a limited voice and over-egged arrangements strain to little effect. [Aug 2009, p.94]"
Mojo,60,"These songs probably sound otherworldly when played live, but the over-laden stylization actually fills Lungs with unnecessary fat."

Uncut,88,"Though Maps is ona simple level known for James Chapman's spacey and cinematic sound, the new direction--or variety of directions--are all equally as wonderful, even if they are unrelated. [Fall 2009, p.106]"
Pitchfork,80,"It's the best pop album about beating depression since 1983's Soul Mining by The The. Buy now, and avoid the winter rush for Prozac."
PopMatters,70,"At times, Chapman seems in danger of being too earnest or letting his ambitions get the better of him, but Turning the Mind ends up being a significant step forward for Maps' music."
The Quietus,60,"Turning The Mind represents something of a disappointment."
Q Magazine,60,"At times, Chapman's whispery vocals could benefit from a magic potion of their own."
Record Collector,60,"The Pet Shop Boys and Ladytron have elbowed their urbane ways into his affections, but Maps makes the move sound more like a case of personal growth than populist payoff. [Oct 2009, p.104]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"While it feels like there is no hope for them ever coming out of the dark place they exist in to take part of the pleasures in the outiside world, in contrast, Chapman is having quite an enjoyable time here with the ret of us humans. [Fall 2009, p.59]"
Paste Magazine,60,"The uptempo songs on Turning the Mind suggest disco thats been hollowed out and confined to a solitary outpost, where Mr. Chapman has only his isolation to sustain him."
PopMatters,60,"He's still a remix away from getting played at Gatecrasher, but full marks for effort all the same. [Nov 2009, p.95]"
American Songwriter,50,"Its a shame, because there were some genuinely good ideas on We Can Create, but Chapman seems to have no real sense of direction for this album, and thus the end result is wholly unfulfilling."
PopMatters,50,"Whether creative flaw or conscious production choice, the uneven clip of this and other tracks prevents Turning the Mind from achieving the spatial, bliss-ridden freedom on which shoegaze thrives. Instead, Chapman pulls the reins back one time too many."
Rolling Stone,48,"Perhaps unintentionally, Turning the Mind feels chemical itself--it's a cheap buzz that ultimately should have no problem finding its way into the wheelhouse of people who just can't get enough whooshy sound effects."
Kerrang!,40,"Despite the odd catchy moment such as Die Happy, Die Smiling youre left thinking that those yodelling fucking elf-botherers Sigur Ros have got a lot to answer for."

Q Magazine,91,"For most of the songs amassed here, it still takes around 10 minutes to get the job done--threading those thick synthesizer blasts and all that skittering digital manna through a brick wall of guitar fuzz--but Fuck Buttons succeeds at turning its unpredictable epics into masterpieces of pacing and strange beauty."
Mojo,90,"Tarot Sport doesnt pause to bang or whimper. Tarot Sport accelerates."
AllMusic,90,"And such are the music's joyous highs, subtle thrills and rich and deep layers, they can undoubtedly be judged one of the most worthwhile and special bands currently at large."
American Songwriter,90,"'Street Horrrsing' was a great record, but Tarot Sport is a cut above. Perhaps surprisingly, it's also a welcoming album--and one of the best of this already fruitful year."
Consequence of Sound,90,"Tarot Sport goes far beyond it's sonically daunting reaches and succeeds at being a deeply emotional experience."
Under The Radar,86,"While the celestial exploration is briefly juxtaposed with sci-fi experimentation on the Autechre-like 'Rough Steez' and 'Phantom Limb,' those detours only here to provide respite from and not actually disrupt an ultimately delightful, delirious headtrip designed to push your fuckest of buttons."
Paste Magazine,84,"The album as a whole, though uneasy listening, is big, powerful, and often overwhelming."
Kerrang!,80,"Whereas Mogwais more recent work threatens to make a formula familiar, Fuck Buttons fizzling DIY laboratory still has the invention and ingenuity to surprise."
Q Magazine,80,"Fuck Buttons have less in common with the overly cerebral noise boffins they're compared to and more with the likes of Ennio Morricone: sonic explorers mapping out the landscape's emotional terrain, albeit one that exists in some far-off galaxy."
AllMusic,80,"For about an hour, if you can allow Fuck Buttons to control your responses, to embrace the clusterfuck of noise and emotion, then Tarot Sport might be one of the strongest albums of this year."
American Songwriter,80,"Tarot Sport makes its mark: easy and challenging at the same time, a mix of harsh and smooth sounds that mirrors the prickly juxtaposition of classic jazz."
Consequence of Sound,80,"As much U2, New Order and Jan Hammer as they are The Field, Harmonia and Black Dice, ultimately F*ck Buttons are in a league of their own--and with Tarot Sport, they just bettered themselves."
Under The Radar,80,"A more hypnotic and lulling ride overall, Tarot Sport may lack some of 'Street Horrrsing's' pure visceral impact, but it's just as satisfying on its own terms, as well as an impressive step forward for Fuck Buttons."
Rolling Stone,80,"If 'Street Horrsing' was a bit of a lark, then Tarot Sport plays an altogether more serious game. [Nov 2009, p.92]"
Mojo,80,"With Tarot Sport, Fuck Buttons have made a career-defining album that will resonate with anyone who has ever spent a night with their head in the speaker stacks and gone home marvelling at the ringing in their ears. [Nov 2009, p.106]"
Paste Magazine,80,"Andrew Weatherall has been employed to help build Tarot Sport a beaty backbone and the results are brutally mesmerizing. [Nov 2009, p. 88]"
Entertainment Weekly,78,"Tarot Sport's tunes don't really explode so much as they unfurl into synthetic washes of digital soundtracking that undulate with electricity before elvolving into narcotic beat castles. [Holiday 2009, p.99]"
The Line of Best Fit,70,"There are, however, occasional stumbles that suggest that some lessons cannot be learned quickly, and that melody is an essential component of their sound that needs more attention. For now, though, this is much better."
Under The Radar,60,"Tarot Sport is an act of patience that pays back the time you actively spend with it. [Fall 2009, p.58]"
Classic Rock Magazine,60,"The album definitely has its moments, and the first half is very engaging, but they lose it in the long run."
Mojo,60,"The main problem with Tarot Sport is that it sometimes seems to be trying too hard, building drama into repetitive riffs by sheer force, urging greater and greater effort on listeners who are already a bit out of breath."

Record Collector,90,"Logos is an admirably worn, carefully composed record detailing a kaleidoscope of sound."
Drowned In Sound,90,"While his work with Deerhunter remains impressive, Cox allows himself the most freedom while writing as Atlas Sound, and on Logos his risks are all rewarded."
PopMatters,88,"While the slower, wandering songs certainly make the composition and mood of the record, it's the more upbeat tracks, never Cox's previous forte, that shine on this disc."
Magnet,84,"Logos is still a predominantly insular affair and all the better for it, with his aching melodies and ethereal arrangements pushing open the doors to a remarkably vivid inner world."
Revolver,82,"Though he occasionally buries his vocals under distortion, Cox is undeniably the star of the show. [Fall 2009, p.106]"
Alternative Press,82,"Logos feels familiar and assuring, another affecting dispatch from a corner of indie music that is increasingly starting to seem like one Cox pretty much owns."
Austin Chronicle,80,"These songs are nearly as wide-ranging and comprehensive as an actual atlas, but Cox keeps charting new territory."
Pitchfork,80,"Like Animal Collective's best work, Logos manages to combine simple melodies with enough experimentalism to allow you to keep returning to the record with fresh ears, but not too much to reduce it to avant-garde mush."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"The album is intimate, tuneful, and exciting. You don't even have to know who Bradford Cox is to get a lot of enjoyment out of Logos, and that's saying something indeed."
Q Magazine,80,"Logos is a gorgeous, hallucinatory and somewhat sickly outing."
American Songwriter,80,"Theyre some decisive stuff, yet tend to leave the listener strangely alleviated, especially the title track: its the perfectly weird, yet high-energy song to get anyone out of their bedroom. That is, when they return to listen to this album again, of course."
AllMusic,80,"As the rest of the album testifies, Cox doesn't ned a helping hand in crafting undeniable pop--he's doing just fine on his own. [Fall 2009, p.56]"
The Quietus,80,"Cox may have tagged Atlas Sound as just another side-project, but Logos is a clear indication that his solo creative output is just as richly rewarding as what came before."
Pitchfork,80,"Mostly though, this ethereal mix of multi-layered and textured dream-pop is frothing with jangly and heavily reverbed guitars, amid shoegazing drones and electro-style beats, that displays Atlas Sounds sense of adventure and pop experimentation while providing the listener with countless entertaining spins."
Consequence of Sound,80,"The tracks feel quickly and easily produced but fucking delicious."
Rolling Stone,80,"Cox is evidently a songwriter and sound sculptor of incredible skill and though the inclusion of the two collaborations--both a little too in thrall to their guests perhaps--means Logos lacks the wholly immersive quality of its predecessor, there is little else to contest; truly, this is pop music at its most weird and wonderful."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Logos opens a portal through which its artist tells us something about who he is, and though this is not everything, it is enough."
Uncut,80,"The bona fide release is a triumph, there's an understated elegance about Logos, which dabbles in Kraut-and math-rock and slacker-styled electronica. [Nov 2009, p.91]"
Paste Magazine,80,"Cox's great virtue is that he wears his experimentation lightly; though meticulously orchestrated and teeming with digital feints, these songs feel wonderfully spacious and derive an easy-going charm from his hazy vocals and their one-take recording. [Jan 2010, p. 117]"
Q Magazine,75,"Only when he retreats to familiar gauzy gurgles (as on the formless opener 'The Light That Failed') does Logos lose focus. Hopefully, Cox will learn to love it here, outside his shell."
Pitchfork,75,"Logos, while just the second solo album from the frontman for a band of marginal fame, represents the latest and greatest chapter in Coxs ride to indie stardom."
American Songwriter,70,"Logos doesn't displace Microcastle as Cox's masterwork to date. But it's an intriguing, often beautiful addition to a rapidly expanding body of work that has seemingly boundless potential."
AllMusic,70,"Though it cedes little of the hazy delivery that made Let the Blind so compelling, Logos brims with a wide-eyed energy all its own, conveying a palpable sense of optimism thats all too rare in Coxs oeuvre."
The Quietus,70,"Fortunately, the androgynous-voiced experimenter went back on threats of scrapping what is by far his most versatile collection. [Nov 2009, p.106]"
Consequence of Sound,70,"Cox's second solo disc as the Atlas Sound brilliantly channels spaced-out folk balladry through hazy chamber pop  la Panda Bear or Stereolab."
Rolling Stone,60,"And though his long-running solo project has hitherto been a private sketchbook of laptop doodles, for this latest release Atlas Sound engages with the widerworld to great effect: the best two tracks are collaborations: the ambient bubblegum of 'Walkabout' with Animal Collective's Panda Bear and the ectoplasmic Krautrock of 'Quick Canal' with Laetitia from Stereolab. [Nov 2009, p. 81]"

Paste Magazine,82,"It's just a series of strangely gorgeous, breezy tunes from two awkward Norwegians who continue to remind us that love can be confusing, joy dark and pain very beautiful. [Fall 2009, p.98]"
Uncut,81,"Percussion is nowhere to be found on the group's latest release, Declaration of Dependence, and the pair's Simon & Garfunkel-esque harmonies are less dynamic than they once were. But there are still plenty of bright spots."
Austin Chronicle,80,"For the length of the album, at least, Kings Of Convenience do a standup job of convincing the listener that loud is long forgotten, and in these violent, uncertain times, quiet is king."
AllMusic,79,"Whether inspired by lovers, each other, or the warmongers of the world, Kings of Convenience's latest is ultimately just what its title says: a bold and beautiful assertion that we are better off together than apart."
Pitchfork,70,"Adding drums might have spoiled the introspective and feather-light feel of the record. Anyone who's been on their bandwagon all along will be glad of that, as they'll rejoice that Declaration of Dependence turns out to be another autumnal treasure from the Kings."
Consequence of Sound,70,"Declaration of Dependence is thus a welcome return from a long-absent band, and a fine easy-listening album, but one that ultimately feels emptier than its predecessors."
Classic Rock Magazine,70,"At times, the forlorn vibe can get oppressive--'Peacetime Resistance' goes one love-as-war metaphor too far--but overall, the album is a welcome return from these princes of the bummer."
PopMatters,70,"The bands determinedly bare-bones instrumentation is undeniably refreshing, with nary a drumset or piece of electronics in sight, but it also lends itself to a mild-mannered monotony that is broken up only intermittently."
Q Magazine,70,"Declaration of Dependence offers a sense of cohesion their previous albums dont, a complete story through melody."
Rolling Stone,60,"At least these songs have an attractive, breezy lightness, unlike the second half of the album, which sounds maudlin and burdened by the desire to express something profound."
Q Magazine,60,"The album serves as a classic case of frontloading and one gets a sense that the first six songs would have made a better standalone EP, buying the band yet more time to craft something a little more interesting."
American Songwriter,60,"Its refined, poised, sweater-and-scarf music to settle down with in advance of winters messy hysteria."
Rolling Stone,60,"Its dependence theyre declaring, not independence, and theyve produced a thoroughly dependable album to ease their listeners through the bittersweet withdrawal of autumn."
The Quietus,60,"At best, Oye and Boe capture loniness in a saue way and both are wonderfully fluid guitarists. But they can also be overly precious. [Nov 2009, p.92]"
AllMusic,60,"It's craftily composed, and on individual tracks like '24-25,' sparely beautiful but cumulatively lacking some of the spice of their side-projecvct affairs. [Nov 2009, p.90]"
Pitchfork,50,"All the typical Kings of Convenience ingrediants are here, but they don't add up to quite the right recipe. [Fall 2009, p.59]"
Consequence of Sound,50,"OK, their lightweight bossa nova songs grate, but when they go all funereal, you get great lines such as We move like knives through scars on land."
Paste Magazine,40,"Erland Oye and Eirik Boe's voices cannon off each other appealingly enough on 'Boat Behind,' but the album drifts in the manner of nick Drake out-takes and by the time you've waded through 13 dawdling tracks, it's a struggle to recall any of them. [Nov 2009, p.109]"

Uncut,80,"Kill careens from pop rock to cheesy metal to variations on funk throughout its duration, propelled by the energetic imagination and musicianship of the band like an all too phallic torpedo.  Electric Six is still a juggernaut to admire, so buckle up and ride the lightning."
Austin Chronicle,70,"This darker, heavier tone makes the majority of Kill less of a party than 'Fire' or 'I Shall Exterminate Everything Around Me That Restricts Me from Being the Master,' but splendidly, Dance Commander rears his head to make demands like 'Shake that tambourine/Shake that shaking machine!' in 'Egyptian Cowboy' and encourages mass consumption in the splendid 'Body Shot,' which devolves from a grunge-disco jam into a wonderful, dubbed-out frenzy."
Drowned In Sound,70,"While the album lacks a certain degree of accessibility and thematic coherence, Electric Six's wiseass humor and, moreover, their superior technical skill make Kill an energetic, frenzied party of a record."
The A.V. Club,60,"E6 can't quite keep it up throughout, though they still sound delighted to mess with sounds both full-throttle ('You're Bored') and loungey ('My Idea of Fun')."
NOW Magazine,60,"Kill is no great departure, but their sense of mischief and their genuine, Killers-esque power ensures staleness is kept at bay, while The Newark Airport Boogie (not their first airport tribute, incidentally) is bouncier than a spacehopper. [Feb 2010, p. 104]"
Q Magazine,20,"Rather than mature effectively, Electric Six has pretty much reached the end; at this point, the band is just cashing out."

No Ripcord,92,"Its his most ambitious undertaking to date, and while it presents no obvious singles or easy entry points, he pulls it off without it feeling pretentious or ponderous."
Uncut,90,"Complex and artful, theres no need to understand fugues and canons to appreciate this--its utter perfection and joy is self-evident."
Filter,90,"It is at times derivative, but it is overall a transcendent work by one of the most promising musician-artists in the contemporary scene."
AllMusic,80,"The BQE is best listened to in complete ignorance of the track titles, packaging, or even professed subject matter. The music speaks best when it speaks for itself."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Its a compliment to Stevens when one notices that listening to the music alone is rewarding and yet, the shots from the documentary are what run vivid in your head."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"Pop go the classics with Sufjan Stevens."
The Guardian,80,"Impressive as it all is, a genuine follow-up to Illinois feels overdue. [Dec 2009, p. 92]"
The 405,76,"The audio-visual experience, fondly known as The BQE, centers on the history of New Yorks Brooklyn-Queens Expressway, and its conceit works because of its composers breadth of influence."
Clash Music,75,"While The BQE might not put Stevens in the running as the most groundbreaking voice in contemporary classical music, it's certainly a damn sight better than the orchestral efforts squeezed out over the last several years by the likes of Paul McCartney, Billy Joel, et al."
DIY Magazine,74,"The BQE is probably best classified as an unusually successful vanity project, as well as evidence of Stevens' restless creativity."
Pretty Much Amazing,70,"Take The BQE on its own terms and theres plenty to enjoy."
Pitchfork,70,"His ideas are realized with the confidence of a seasoned composer, comfortable with implementing all corners of the orchestra to wondrous effect."
CMJ,70,"As lyrical a musician as he is, without his commanding use of language (the song cycle is entirely instrumental), the BQE loses some momentum near the end, but by then it's become clear that, as is the case with all of his projects, the term 'half-assed' does not apply."
Magnet,70,"The BQE is a lushly extravagant score that merges quite easily into Sufjan's grand catalogue. All who lend an ear to his opus will look upon the titular thoroughfare with a kinder eye, even if that view does not have the benefit of reminiscence."
musicOMH.com,67,"Stevens lengthy essay gets pretentious quickly, and the CD of music has little appeal to those who dont already listen to classical."
Rolling Stone,60,"The gear changes on this particular autobahn are swift and sometimes a little clunky."
Alternative Press,60,"It feels like a project, something done for school as a kid, with the kind of whimsical subject matter that a child might dream up, but carried out with tremendous artistic vision and skill. [Fall 2009, p.60]"
Under The Radar,60,"Its a fanciful and deftly assembled showcase of textures and moods, lovely and capricious. Taken alone, however, the music made this listener pine for a fistful of Stevenss evocative melodies and commanding lyrics to anchor the ornamentation."
Mojo,60,"If you love car culture, traffic, suburbs or Stevenss lyrics, this might be where you turn off."
Consequence of Sound,60,"Inspired by New York's Brooklyn-Queens Expressway, The BQE is an ambitious orchestration to accompany the film of the same name. [Dec 2009 p. 127]"
Dusted Magazine,50,"To be sure, The BQE score isnt an utter failure on its own, but its clearly missing the dramatic effect found in the rest of Stevens eclectic seven-album catalogue."
PopMatters,40,"It's occasionally very beautiful, but this is so far removed from values of immediacy and accessibility that Stevens' core audience are likely to be left  non-plussed. [Dec 2009, p. 113]"

Blurt Magazine,80,"While memories of the accompanying visuals of the jokes from the series helps, it is by no means strictly necessary to enjoy the humor and musicianship of Freaky."
The A.V. Club,80,"Even shorn of their comedic context, the best of these tracks still have the power to rupture internal organs at 20 paces."
PopMatters,80,"Another dose of brilliant pop parody from the NZ twosome."
Pitchfork,75,"Im not convinced that the second season, while musically not that adventurous (R&B and hip-hop tracks take up a lot of the disc) doesnt measure up (and occasionally surpass) the heights of season one and the groups self-titled debut."
Filter,70,"Considering the circumstances, FOTC's second Sub-Pop outing, I Told You I Was Freaky, has some worthwhile moments."
Rolling Stone,70,"Freaky succeeds not just because it's hysterically funny, but because the songs themselves are authentically good, with hooks and melodies and instrumentation solid enough that you'd go back and listen again even if there were no jokes at all. [Fall 2009, p.58]"
Kerrang!,70,"The second full-length from the New Zealand duo is pulled almost entirely from the second season of their HBO series, but little is lost in translation. [Nov 2009, p.109]"
musicOMH.com,70,"Individual tracks will wax and wane in popularity, and the genitalia humour of 'Sugar Lumps' et al might attract a wider audience who dont understand the deadpan atmosphere of the rest of the show, but its hard to grow tired of this peculiar couple and their music."
Classic Rock Magazine,70,"I Told You I Was Freaky is a smart, funny, musically vast album, giving everyone's favorite kiwis a chance to broaden the canvas of their twitchy, awkward, displaced brand of comedy."
DIY Magazine,67,"The separation anxiety that Freaky induces is its unfortunate undoing, though we can least be glad that someone had the good sense not to include dialogue interludes for context's sake."
Q Magazine,67,"Its antithetical to quibble over issues of originality and cohesion when dealing with song parody, anyway; even when resting on their laurels, the Conchords have a singular ability to pen a damn funny song."
Q Magazine,63,"Much like the shows second season, this second disc fails to build on its predecessor, rehashing the same digs at male bravado, emotional insecurity, and musical eccentricity."
Magnet,60,"On the second full-length album from this comedy duo, electro beats and white-soul croons bump against jokes about cannibalism and girl troubles--in other words, nothing terribly new for these smart Kiwi guys."
American Songwriter,60,"If you haven't watched the TV series, what are you supposed to make of Friends, with its weak gag about gay men? Or Petrov, Yelyena, and Me, a gurgling shanty about cannibalism that flounders musically and lyrically? But that's the weaker half of the album; the sublime half works irrespective of prior knowledge."
Consequence of Sound,60,"The second helping of this sitcom following Flight of the Conchords; Kiwi synth-poppers in New York, was almost as funny as the first, though most critics agreed the songs were weaker."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Despite the hilarious wordplay though, it's hard to imagine anyone returning over and over to the actual tunes, you're far better off with a DVD and its accompanying visual gags."
Pitchfork,60,"Like the second series of their HBO sitcom, from which most of the tracks here are culled,...Freaky feels a little rushed, but there's still plenty to love. [Dec 2009, p. 95]"
Uncut,58,"The sophomore studio set by Flight Of The Conchords, which gets off to a disappointing start with a string of lame loverman jokes over even lamer dime-store production. [23 Oct 2009, p.60]"
The Line of Best Fit,50,"Like most comedy albums, this one loses its luster upon repeated hearings."
Rolling Stone,50,"On I Told You I Was Freaky, the joke often appears to be that theyre performing a certain kind of song (like sing-song-y a cappella or reggae), rather than the songs actual content. Such jokes wear thin quickly, making them novelty songs in the worst sense of the word--amusing when new, tired immediately thereafter."
Clash Music,50,"The material is better served in context, complete with music videos and framed with dialogue, whereas as a standalone record it misses more than it hits."
Classic Rock Magazine,41,"As much of Freaky wallows in the jokes, the record runs out of ideas astonishingly early."

Record Collector,80,"Pavement fans expecting similar lo-fi experimentation may be disappointed with The Real Feel, but anyone who appreciates organically structured rock songs should love this album."
Mojo,75,"Its also one of the best-sounding records of 2009, with a simple, clean style and plenty of piano, banjo, and pedal steel to flesh out the dynamics."
Austin Chronicle,70,"There is not much on The Real Feel that is daring or new in terms of musical explorations, but the emotionally energetic vocals and intestinal fortitude of the lyrics coupled with the honesty and the understated transcendence of the songs is quite alluring."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"No surprises here, but its hard to fault Kannbergs strongest solo album yet."
Clash Music,60,"The result is a record that contains the cryptic hooks of Pavement's later work, with a pleasingly breezy '70s AOR feel. [Nov 2009, p.104]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"Here, Scott 'Spiral Stairs' Kannberg's music feels more direct and unguarded than might have been expected given the more crafted, at time arch, music that has hallmarked his two groups. [Dec 2009, p. 90]"
AllMusic,60,"Spiral Stairs remains a pleasing, if not especially exciting, singer/songwriter and Real Feel showcases both of these sides effectively, rambling on nicely as it strolls through its songs, but never quite getting into any interesting territory."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"For the first solo album under his nom de tune, Scott Kannberg eschews the catchy cacophony of his earlier bands--Pavement and Preston School of Industry--for breezily quirky '70s country-pop and late-'60s psychedelia that's two parts Lindsey Buckingham and one part Roky Erickson."
Consequence of Sound,60,"The Real Feel is a solid step in the right direction, both sonically and lyrically."
Pitchfork,52,"The music is a clear step up from his nadir on Monsoon, but it's only a lateral move in terms of quality compared to the first two Preston School releases."
The Boston Phoenix,50,"On The Real Feel it seems that hes buckled slightly under the pressure of having his own full length, with his own space to breathe and experiment, and has instead decided to play it straight down the line."
Blurt Magazine,50,"As Malkmus and Kannberg each find out what kind of musician each one is, the end result is less interesting than when they were in the process of discovering that and were having fun trying out different ideas and really discovering new things together."
Alternative Press,50,"The Real Feel really feels stilted overall. There are pretty moments, but little thats electrifying."
BBC Music,42,"The Pavement member released two full-lengths with Preston School Of Industry earlier this decade, during a relative lull in Pavement-mania; both essentially defined workmanlike, and sadly, The Real Feel is no different."
musicOMH.com,40,"Sadly, anybody hoping for Pavement's off-kilter melody and cryptic lyrics will be disappointed. [Dec 2009, p. 126]"

The A.V. Club,90,"It's the core group that delivers the most astonishing displays of hardcore fury and progressive musical exploration on Axe to Fall"
Kerrang!,90,"The closest Converge has ever come to pure doom metal, Ballous sustained chords, bent strings, and screeching lead fills are anchored by Newtons and Kollers disciplined approach, the chemistry more than apparent during the Big Black-esque break, during which all four members, well, converge in a way that has the rest of us marveling at not only how these guys manage to still sound so fresh on record, but actually get better with each one they put out."
Q Magazine,85,"A huge array of guests help out, representing acts like Disfear, 108, Genghis Tron, and Neurosis. They are too many to list, but the bottom line is, they work. Whether they're yelling, singing, or laying down leads, they fit their songs. And that in itself is fitting."
PopMatters,80,"Axe To Fall makes good with an appetite for reinvention."
AllMusic,80,"Converge create art-school hardcore while still delivering on metals basest needs."
Revolver,70,"Sure the plot has been done to death and you know what's going to happen; but the personalities involved draw you in like a rubbernecker gawking at a highway accident fromth safety of his car. [Nov 2009, p.105]"
Exclaim,60,"Staying true to a 20-year career of uncompromising extremity, it will take commitment to breach this seventh album's walls of noise. [Dec 2009, p. 113]"
Uncut,60,"It's Converge's energy that impresses first, their brutal, full-blooded fury, the sheer physical assault; listen closer, however, and you'll find a group as inventive and progressive in their riffage as Slayer or Metallica at their early apex, a compulsive complexity to their chaos. [Feb 2010, p. 100]"
Rolling Stone,60,"It worries me that cheesy metal riffs have made their way onto a Converge record, making it sound like it might be accepted on tour with Mastodon. Its not a matter of breaking apart but experimentation that might not always go right."
The A.V. Club,50,"In general, 'Axe to Fall' speaks towards the stagnancy of most bands in the metal genre. The collaborators here can't even help a band as good as Converge make a solid record and when examining Converge's almost flawless discography that is wholly unexplainable."

Consequence of Sound,80,"Welcome back ladies. The world's more fun with you in it. [Nov 2009, p.114]"
AllMusic,70,"Die-hard Slits fans who aren't put off by the band's newfound professionalism or the greater reliance on keyboards at the expense of guitar will find their faith rewarded by Trapped Animal."
The Independent (UK),70,"It seems borne more out of logical considerations than organic ones. It doesnt mean the music is necessarily bad, but rather that its animated more out of a lifelessness than anything else. Its undead music."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),60,"Up's German-Jamaican patois still sounds youthful, and bassist Tess Pollitt's dub rhythms still vibrate with reggae power. But with the duo augmented by newer, young female musicians, a more playful approach hits and misses."
PopMatters,60,"On Trapped Animal they bring that approach to bear on a wider range of styles--dancehall, digi-dub, roots reggae, lover's rock - although the title track and Reject stand out as the most originally shaped punky pop songs. [Dec 2009, p. 95]"
Q Magazine,60,"Despite the 28-year gap since they first disbanded, this lineup resumes as if it were only yesterday, in a joyously abrasive, renegade reggae style with lyrics that don't mess about. [Dec 2009, p. 113]"
Blurt Magazine,60,"Some might find Issues a bit too strenuous ('I stand up to them and confront/While you choose to be a cunt, ' claims Up) but as fans know, The Slits are meant to be full-on. [Dec 2009, p. 126]"
BBC Music,50,"Animal is a study in patience and makes one pine for the visceral indulgence of the past. [Fall 2009, p.60]"
The Guardian,50,"As far as the sound goes, they do nicely when they are respectful of the reggae tradition, when they mix punchy punk vocals and reggae, and, occasionally, when they mix world music styles with the former. The move into a more electronic dancehall style, however, mostly combines with poor lyrics for a one-two punch that may knock out many listeners from the very first track."
The Boston Phoenix,47,"Trapped Animal is nothing more than an odds-and-sods record being passed off as 'business as usual' by a band that doesn't seem to know what that business is anymore."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),40,"Were all for people celebrating the music they love free from boundaries of race and that, but theres something inescapably grating about hearing a German/English newspaper heiress wittering on about fucking Babylon in thick patois. Crushingly disappointing."
Filter,30,"The thick and poorly affected patois, the overproduction, and the sheer terribleness of the songs on Trapped Animal seem, at best, a huge dent in The Slits otherwise immaculate armor."
Entertainment Weekly,30,"Even with slick production the instrumentation is lackluster, missing that rattling punk energy; in their overt politics and complete lack of subtlety, the lyrics are trite."

No Ripcord,90,"While it may seem as if Geneva is all over the musical map, the opposite is acually true--the map's just been redrawn. [Nov 2009, p.114]"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),90,"Russian Circles, with their instruments well-used and dynamic, leaders in their own right, guide the listener through the varying courses of each song with nary a misstep."
Paste Magazine,80,"If you weren't already on the Russian Circles bandwagon, this is the perfect opportunity to jump on."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),80,"Like many of the tracks contained therein, Geneva ends up far from where it began. But this is not a record defined by where it starts and where it finishes--its what there is to take in on the way that counts."
Q Magazine,80,"Geneva blossoms into an evocative, inspiring album."
Uncut,80,"By letting their music do all the talking, Russian Circles have told the story of their personal growth entirely in song, and its a growth that involves all the melodic intricacy and inventive theme-and-variation play that their contemporaries have had much greater difficulty overcoming."
Sputnikmusic,78,"Geneva's a record with dirt underneath its fingernails and resolute urgency at its heart, and like the place from which it hails, it's worth the bluster."
Consequence of Sound,50,"Chicago instrumentalists Russian Circles arrive at neutral ground with Geneva."
CMJ,50,"Russian Circles returns with this album of sprawling instrumental songs that vacillate between churning heavy riffage and redemptive passages. [Fall 2009, p.72]"
AllMusic,48,"Ultimately, Russian Circles pummel too politely."

Pitchfork,89,"Rather than adapting Kerouac's writing into the usual frantic jazz inflections, Farrar lifts lines into rootsy blues and Americana shades, surfacing the author's uniquely skewed and stunning phrases."
Tiny Mix Tapes,75,"If anything, Gibbard sounds far too earthbound. Thematically, though, this combination makes a weird kind of sense."
Alternative Press,70,"One Fast Move or I'm Gone might have evoked Jack Kerouac more vividly with other vocalists besides Farrar, but as a composer and producer, he's done right by his lyricist, and the results are modest but rewarding."
musicOMH.com,70,"A dark lark, but worth a listen."
BBC Music,70,"This could of been a disaster, but both artists smartly stayed within their musical comfort zones, and their voicesa and styles blend remarkably well. [Fall 2009, p.58]"
Spin,60,"The lyrics, built from Kerouac's prose, often feel wordy. But the singers channel Kerouac's angst, and when they combine their magnificent voices, as on 'Sea Engines,' the effect is striking: ugliness spun magically into beauty."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"Taken in isolation and away from their intended meaning, most every song on the album sounds like a Grade A piece of Americana, but its almost impossible to distance these songs from their whole, and it would be disrespectful to both Farrar and Gibbard to do so, which in turns makes the album more of a nice attempt to pay respect to Kerouac from two fan boys than a legitimate tribute to one of Americas most famous and influential writers."
Rolling Stone,49,"For an album about a doc about a book about going into the wilds of California, One Fast Move sounds awfully sleepy."

New Musical Express (NME),80,"The sonic touches Hagg adds to her songs only makes them better. The combination of their gifts has resulted in something pretty special, possibly the best work either of them has done to date, and hopefully something that will continue."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Love Is Not Pop is many things; a comeback of sorts, a refreshing hybrid of exquisite production and emotional intimacy--but most immediately, it stands as an essential mood piece for these crisp air days, light fading early into dark."
The New York Times,80,"This is pop with a light touch and a tremendously heavy heart; it only qualifies as easy listening if you can distance yourself from Assbring's expressive singing."
cokemachineglow,78,"El Perro's brand of pop is certainly easy to love, and a cozy sort of organic warmth--characterized by thick, resonant drums and keys, and treated guitars that seem to lurch and lumber with the slightly irregular rhythms of real life--pervades the new record."
The A.V. Club,64,"When these songs sound like El Perro del Mar fronting the saddest, slowest disco band in the world, they work out best, but too much of this mini-album doesnt quite get there."
NOW Magazine,63,"At heart, the Sea Dog remains a sad-eyed lady of the lowlands."
PopMatters,60,"Despite its fragility, there's a sense of uncompromising humanity at work here-- worthy of repeat listens. [Fall 2009, p.58]"

The Guardian,80,"Impressively impressionistic, New Clouds is a rare mix of restful and engaging, and a significant step forward for Forkner."
Clash Music,80,"New Clouds is poised between towering psych-noise and ambient beauty, intermittently etched with quicksilver. [Nov 2009, p.101]"
Prefix Magazine,70,"New Clouds is as good a record as any to soundtrack disconnection from deep thought."
Under The Radar,70,"If you're able to view it through that lens, then New Clouds has much to offer as an unscripted, decidedly un-pop kind of album: mood music and drug music, yes, but more than that, the uncompromising work of a dude making sounds strictly on his own terms."
Filter,70,"Its a synthesis of all of Forkners previous experiments, refined and expanded for the big screen."
Q Magazine,60,"New Clouds is at once both denser and groovier. [Nov 2009, p.113]"
Blurt Magazine,40,"This robot-induced hypnosis leads less to genuine enlightenment than it does to pointless New Age dehydration."

Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),81,"Mo Beauty is an album full of idiosyncrasies, but Ounsworths consummate eye to its construction turns dissonance into harmony."
PopMatters,78,"Supported by a new cast of musicians and soaking up the atmosphere, Ounsworth has crafted an album that transitions seemlessly from ballads to more frentic tracks with a straightforward sound that lets the songwriting and hooks resonate without being over-produced. [Fall 2009, p.100]"
The A.V. Club,77,"The result of Ounsworth bottling this 'flow' and working it into a set of songs is an album that showcases the breadth of his talents much more than the limited palettes of Flashy Python or CYHSY."
Rolling Stone,75,"Theres hardly any restraint, and the overload alternately thrills and frustrates. Sometimes its mesmerizing and profound. But sometimes its a bit too much."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Its a challenging, warm if understated effort destined to thunk into the indie solo album dartboard somewhere between Julian Casablancas and Duncan from Maximo Park."
AllMusic,70,"With help from seasoned pros, hes delivering (to an extent) on the promise many saw in him after Clap Your Hands Say Yeah."
Pitchfork,70,"The album is weighed down by too many slower-paced ballads, but on the whole Ounsworth's songwriting and singing abilities have mated with the New Orleans atmosphere to produce something special."
Filter,70,"Almost every tune on Mo Beauty equals or betters those on CYHSY's lauded 2005 debut."
Consequence of Sound,60,"While not a notable departure from his day job Mo Beauty is still a southern-tinged party worth paying a visit. [Fall 2009, p.59]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"The result is baroque stuff that shows off Ounsworth's distinct David Byrne-in-the-ER whine, and it keeps moving forward."
BBC Music,60,"With the group of temporary hiatus, Ounsworth spreads his wings here, delivering a solo set that combines his gift for melody with more adventurous instrumentation and stylistic detours, waltzing between deft piano balladry (Holy, Holy, Holy Moses), high-drama orchestral-pop (That Is Not My Home), and lilting, horn-bolstered calypsos (South Philadelphia Drug Days) with grace, confidence and wit. [Jan 2010, p. 90]"
Uncut,60,"His attempts to capture some of that city's pre-Katrina musical spark are satisfying, in parts - as well as recruiting former Meters bassist George Porter Jr to help out, tracks like 'idiots In The Rain' capture the clatter of Bourbons St. However, Ounsworth's nasal vocals might still be an acquired taste for some. [Jan 2010, p. 116]"
Spin,50,"After all the hype has leaked away, were back to a simple idea: a guy with a solid backing band, some nice ideas, and a voice that youre going to hate or love."
No Ripcord,50,"Mo Beauty becomes difficult to wade through as Ounsworth ventures further from his indie-rock roots. [Nov 2009, p.114]"

Austin Chronicle,90,"Its not often you find music that lives and breathes with such conviction that you find itself swept away in the charm of it all. That Do Make Say Think have achieved this lofty standard yet again shouldnt come as a shock, yet its testament to their enduring talent that, at every turn, Other Truths continues to surprise and enthrall in equal measure."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),84,"This is what weve been waiting for; we always knew they could do it."
No Ripcord,80,"Far from a unified artistic statement, Other Truths refuses to pin itself down, and marks itself simply and modestly as a showcase of some of the best talent in genre. A minor miracle, if you will."
Q Magazine,72,"The interplay here is more complex than You, You're a History in Rust, showcasing restraint and more subtle shifts."
American Songwriter,70,"So did Do Make Say Think actually intend to attach this level of conceptualism to 'Do,' 'Make,' 'Say,' and 'Think?' Probably not, but it sure is fun to listen to that way."
BBC Music,70,"They sound more like a live band than they have since their debut, and this relaxed natural quality suits them perfectly."
Pitchfork,70,"Unlike the quintets last effort, You, Youre a History in Rust, the most rewarding moments of Other Truths are often the most tempered."
Rolling Stone,60,"The ride is fun enough, better than average for the masses, but for this band its an off-day: once its over, you dont even think to wonder why it was fun."
The Telegraph (UK),60,"Presenting a more elegiac, frigid sound than recent albums, the songs, notably the Mogwai-meets-Morricone Make, show rhythmic agitation and conversing guitars finding resolution in horns and massed voices. [Jan 10, p. 119]"
Under The Radar,50,"While Other Truths seems like Do Make Say Thinks attempt to re-articulate these active, forward-looking principles, they instead end up stagnating, reaching an unfortunate dead-end."

PopMatters,80,"This is the most compelling recording Youngs has cut since 2004's 'River Through Howling Sky,' though it doesn't resemble it a bit, and is, in its way, considerably more beautiful, unquestionably more accessible, and equally as magical."
The Guardian,80,"This, likewise, isn't for every occasion--and perhaps not for everyone--but for those who do chance it, an immensely rewarding work that feels like much more than music."
Drowned In Sound,80,"He's a minimalist/multi-instrumentalist who manages to find warmth in what could otherwise be sparse and unforgiving--note the breathtaking pauses between chords in 'arise Arise' or the unremitting lilt of 'All Day Monday And Tuesday.' [Nov 2009, p.117]"
Uncut,77,"Under Stellar Stream is filled with such fertile repetition."
Mojo,70,"If you acquiesce to its pacing and delivery its chantlike mix of chill and warmth can be a springboard to your own thoughts. If youre not so inclined, I imagine that it would be like a Chinese water torture."
Austin Chronicle,70,"Under Stellar Stream does one thing exceptionally beautifully, with great consistency and intelligence (but not intellectualism), rolling out an unending thread of song."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"Cushioned by minimalistic, often barely audible melodies, Youngs overt lyrical clichs transform into meditative hymns to the repetitiveness of habit and daily life so much so that when Youngs sings, My mind is wandering / My mind is changing on My Mind Is in Garlands over just a few plunked organ chords and an oscillating celestial drone for the third or fourth time, its tough not to feel the albums hypnotic tug on reality."
AllMusic,40,"Across six songs of minimalist repetition, the day-to-day of this 42-year-old librarian becomes meditative rondeaus, epic folk incrementals that make eerie nourishment for the wee hours. [Nov 2009, p.101]"

Kerrang!,90,"This band may take their time between releases now, but they get exponentially more sophisticated and adventurous, not only in their composed material, but in their approach to making records. This is just stellar top to bottom."
Alternative Press,80,"Espers' folk apocalypse is very now--and very welcome. [Dec 2009, p.112]"
Sputnikmusic,80,"All the elements of Espers' sound come together more seamlessly than ever before here."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),80,"Third time's still a charm with Philadelphian prog-folk contingent."
CMJ,80,"Espers III is brilliantly atmospheric, more chilling than chilled but also, frequently, very beautiful. [Dec 2009. p. 94]"
Los Angeles Times,80,"Greg Weeks and band reference artists as diverse as Michael Rother ('Caroline'), Cowboy Junkies, and 'No Quarter' - era Zeppelin, but the classicism of their compositions keeps all this firmly in the service of the song. [Dec 2009, p. 92]"
The Boston Phoenix,70,"As it is, Espers have moved towards new territory, stumbling occasionally, but with a clear eye on where theyve come from."
Filter,61,"The songs on III seem to want to be simple folk songs. And unlike on previous albums, the players aren't always pushing each other higher into new celestial realms. Sometimes, they're just getting in each other's way."
Blurt Magazine,60,"Although it does falter at times with a seeming complacency ('Meridian,' 'Colony'), it is mostly characterized by a quiet ambition. Its gutsy and its gutsiness pays off."
CMJ,40,"The album clearly fails to find the equilibrium or comfortable midway point between Esperss debut and II that it seems to be seeking, nor does it make a strong case that such equilibrium is even desirable. At best, its a strong set of tracks that ultimately lack the cumulative force of those of the bands previous two full-lengths."

Drowned In Sound,80,"Even at just six songs, theyre each powerfully presented and Perkins is better for it, in astonishingly marvelous fashion."
musicOMH.com,70,"Perkins has always carried the torch of vintage Americana, and he covers all his bases here."
Uncut,70,"The folk-country songs fill a much larger space than their separate parts suggest.  These are the songs that are the essence of rock n roll."
Slant Magazine,70,"Doomsday is brutally emotional, but Perkins' band adds a sense of defiance, making it safe for closing time."
Village Voice,69,"With the exception of the lone cover in 'Gypsy Davy', Perkins has assembled a small sampling of songs here all with their own very healthy set of bones."

Spin,90,"OOIOO transforms what could be mush into wonderful, brilliant songs that fold and mutate the ideas theyre based on into moving and coherent narratives."
Paste Magazine,80,"By repurposing this music with a childs lack of regard for history, they make it fresh."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Bracing brilliance channelling the spirit of Yoko Ono, Le Tigre, Aphex Twin and Alice Coltrane."
The A.V. Club,80,"Armonico Hewa is indescribable and absolutely incredible. [Fall 2009, p.72]"
Pitchfork,74,"Armonico casts the molten steel of meaningless syllables into machine-gun bursts, sonar echoes, radioactive dirges, and girl-group coos of the group's best work."
Consequence of Sound,70,"Linguistic detective work aside, engage with natural scenery through scattered sound, this album does."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Armonico Hewa proves that OOIOO are far from running out of ideas."
Dot Music,70,"The albums 13 songs are succinct but eventful: clever structures with a world of references, a short attention span and a vandalistic pleasure in stray noise."
AllMusic,60,"So while it can get a bit too diffuse and self consciously complex, when the quartet breaks into something gorgeous (like the joyous tagliatelle of guitars that wriggles and wrinkles through 'Uda Hah') you'll suspend your cynicism. [Jan 2010, p. 124]"
PopMatters,50,"Unfortunately, not all of the experimentation works."

NOW Magazine,100,"Think of New Moon as a sort of survey course in new-now-next rock: a mixtape with teeth."
Observer Music Monthly,85,"Grizzly Bear contributes a typically gorgeous psych-folk incantation called 'Slow Life' (with guest vocals from Beach House's Victoria Legrand), and Bon Iver's Justin Vernon duets with St. Vincent on 'Roslyn,' which could warm even a vampire's heart."
The Guardian,80,"Despite a few upbeat moments that stick out like a thumb that isn't sore, songs like Grizzly Bear and Victoria Legrand's 'Slow Life,' Editors' 'No Sound But the Wind,' and Bon Iver and St. Vincent's lovely, truly odd 'Roslyn' are morose enough for die-hard Twilight fans and stylish enough to please the most discerning music snobs."
Hot Press,80,"When a soundtrack works this well, with each track slotting naturally into a strongly cohesive body of work, you begin to wonder about the clamour that is sure to come from bands and singer songwriters to put their work forward towards featuring on the next film's soundtrack."
Mojo,80,"The Twilight Saga: New Moon Soundtrack is an excellent album of cool songs featuring some of todays celebrated indie artists."
Q Magazine,70,"Invariably the guitars are played in a low, urgent growl, uniting many of the songs with a dissatisfied drone."
The Wire,70,"The music on New Moon lives up to the story because it captures the day-to-day bleakness, along with the sexual obsessions seething under the surface."
Mojo,60,"As an album, the moments of intelligent beauty arent quite obscured by the gloom-by-numbers and, considering how rabidly commercial this really is, thats something of a little victory."
Boston Globe,60,"While Sea Wolf and Ok Go offer up a bit too much middle-of-the-road perk for the soundtrack's downcast tone, relative newcomers Band of Skulls capture a riotous youthful energy."
BBC Music,54,"The New Moon OST has all the touchstones of what is considered, by many who consider themselves cognoscenti, 'good' music-- from Yorke to Grizzly Bear to the more populist Death Cab, Killers, and Muse--but it uses its tastefulness to solidify the borders of what is acceptable, not to broaden them."
Uncut,50,"The disappointing thing about New Moon is that it could have been better."
Q Magazine,50,"Much of the rest is mid-level and middle-brow, from respected artists who have done better work elsewhere."

AllMusic,80,"There's nothing here that's going to surprise anyone in the slightest, but this is sleekly produced, brilliantly written and expertly executed radio fodder."
Spin,80,"The Temper Trap relocated to london in May of this year in a bid to woo the uk: this is not a bad calling card at all."
Sputnikmusic,80,"With a more conventional singer, they might sound a little prosaic, but for now this is music with a thrilling otherness."
Pitchfork,80,"Being pretty much wrinkle free, Conditions sets the bar high for a followup that doesnt sound like more of the same. However, throughout the album, we are thrown morsels of the quartets potential to escape from being typecast."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Impeccably produced, Conditions is a legitimate contender for debut album of 2009."
Rolling Stone,60,"Conditions runs out of juice during its second half, where the anthems of the A-side give way to minor-key ballads and middling rock."
Drowned In Sound,46,"What the Temper Trap do devastatingly well is drape post-office-party mistake-hookup tackiness in the lofty imagery of global struggle....Elsewhere, the Temper Trap's pairing of sweeping portentousness with mundane douchebaggery is trickier to overlook."

musicOMH.com,80,"Reservoir is a neat, considered, and polished piece of work that is unrelenting in its charm."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"London-based collective Fanfarlos debut is a carefully orchestrated treat."
Hot Press,80,"The air of melancholy on display throughout is as enticing as Beirut's. Impressive. [Nov 2009, p.94]"
PopMatters,70,"Fanfarlo are similar fare, and thats a perfectly fine thing to be. The band make pretty, guitar and organ-led indie, with discreet swirls, parps, and trills of brass and strings."
Consequence of Sound,70,"Reservoir is as fine a debut as you might hear all year, but while the bands sheer happiness to be playing music is unutterably apparent and serves it well, where can it go from here?"
Dot Music,60,"The album runs out of steam toward the end, but the first few tracks are gold. [Nov 2009, p.109]"
The Guardian,60,"'Good Morning Midnight,' a piece which, unlike the rest of the album, leaves you hankering for more. [Fall 2009, p.62]"
Mojo,60,"At times, this means overloading slight ideas, but when they get it right, as on the glorious 'Finish Line,' the results are irresitible. [Nov 2009, p.104]"

Drowned In Sound,100,"Ten years after their last masterpiece, The Flaming Lips have finally produced another one."
AllMusic,100,"This is accessible music pushed to the very edge of accessibility, far away from the safety of the band's song-oriented efforts 'At War with the Mystics' and 'Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots.'"
BBC Music,91,"Although I gather there's a concept here, knowing what it is might ruin the gently wigged-out dystopianism the lyrics cozy up to. More important, it might undercut the otherwise irreducible pleasures of their exploding guitars, unworldly synths, and crazy drums."
Entertainment Weekly,91,"Embryonic presents a band discovering that the far edge of an idea is often more compelling than its core."
Prefix Magazine,90,"We can only hope that, as we enter the 2010s, Embryonic portends yet another new phase for the Flaming Lips--one that's equally as improbable and rewarding as the ones that have preceded it."
Pitchfork,90,"Embryonic is an album full of little revolutions--a trippier, noisier, more experimental journey than the Flaming Lips have taken in forever. [Dec 2009, p.116]"
PopMatters,89,"Embryonic gestates the Lips to a new phase, turning eerily inward to finally face the flipside of their frantic catharsis."
Rolling Stone,88,"It's a wonderfully weird parade of sonic delights: an arresting consummation of the Lips' two-and-a-half decade career."
Chicago Tribune,88,"Embryonic works so staggeringly well because it's so unafraid to place itself in the lineage of unapologetically over-the-top rock album."
Drowned In Sound,86,"Surprise and relief are the words that best describe an initial reaction to Embryonic. [Fall 2009, p.90]"
New Musical Express (NME),82,"The act should be credited for not hewing to the tried-and-true formula it pretty much invented with previous releases but many of the double-disc's 18 tracks feel like they are embryonic rather than fully formed."
Rock Sound,80,"Little about Embryonic is clear-cut or straightforward -- these noisy, pensive, sometimes meandering songs take awhile to decipher and often feel like they're still in the process of becoming. These very qualities, however, make these songs some of the Flaming Lips most haunting and intriguing music in some time."
BBC Music,80,"Embryonic is not as strange as 'Zaireeka,'' the Lips' play-four-CDs-at-the-same-time experiment, but it's up there. On the other hand, Embryonic is completely absorbing. It grows on you in a way that the earlier records simply cannot do."
Clash Music,80,"What The Flaming Lips have accomplished with Embryonic is impossible to ignore: an ambitious double album in an age where the single is making a comeback, a collection of music that makes a 25-year-old band sound vital and new."
Pitchfork,80,"It's quite brilliant, the one thing we have come to expect from this band."
Q Magazine,80,"Embryonic is a true 21st century freak-out and it's only appropriate to end this decade with such an ambitious, intrepid undertaking."
The Guardian,80,"To write it off too early would be criminal, as Embryonic represents The Flaming Lips at their most awkward, most engaging, and most creative."
Uncut,80,"It's themes may be familiar, but its fine, dazzlingly outlandish music is fresh and utterly fearless. [Nov 2009, p.88]"
musicOMH.com,80,"Along with this requisite silliness come beautiful melodies (See The Leaves), exploding rock-out sections (The Ego's Last Stand) and catchy, laid-back guitar melodies (Silver Trembling Hands)."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"Embryonic is certainly as exciting as anything produced by the psych rock underground this year. [Nov 2009, p.78]"
Drowned In Sound,75,"Equal parts overwhelming and intoxicating, Embryonic is a trip worth taking."
musicOMH.com,75,"A certain amount of reassurance in the power of The Flaming Lips comes with each of the band's album releases, and this one is no different."
Uncut,70,"Sporadically brilliant, occasionally tedious, and always challenging, it's proof that the Fearless Freaks are back."
Mojo,70,"Embryonic finds these wild-eyed Okies sounding even more adventurous and less eager to please than at any time since 1997's four-CD experimental sonic goof, 'Zaireeka.'"
Q Magazine,70,"At 18 tracks and well over an hour running time, it is everything you have come to expect from The Flaming Lips. [Fall 2009, p.58]"
Dot Music,70,"What it really all boils down to is your tolerance for lengthy psyche records, which is what Embyonic undoubtedly is."
PopMatters,70,"While Embryonic shares with Brew many of the spontaneous bursts of chaos that made that album such a jarring listen, you can rest assured that this beautiful mess was--thanks to Coyne and his admitted control issues--a very calculated affair."
AllMusic,63,"At 18 tracks, though, Embryonic includes an awful lot of filler, much of it of the meandering-soundscape variety. That stuff isn't depressing--it's just boring."
Under The Radar,60,"Embryonic is certainly not without charm, but its title gives the game away. Largely, it's the sound of a band seeking inspiration rather than finding it."
Pitchfork,60,"For all its flaws and failings, for all that you may never feel like listening to it again, it's hard not to be perversely glad Embryonic exists."
Clash Music,60,"The Lips have always been able to subvert pie-eyed whimsy with a sense of homespun beauty, and there's plenty of that here too."
PopMatters,50,"Embryonic, then, sounds like an over-correction to that trend, pushing the Lips's sound back into more experimental territory."
Paste Magazine,40,"Embryonic has a cloudy feel, full of hulking, malformed basslines, distorted drums, and melodies that circle without ever ascending. [Nov 2009, p.102]"

Lost At Sea,77,"Bennington and his Dead by Sunrise bandmates (who hail from the electronic rock band Julien-K) also display a deft touch with atmospherics and textures on tracks like 'Too Late,' 'Give Me Your Name' and the goth-tinged 'Let Down,' among others"
BBC Music,70,"As a whole, Out of Ashes is a solid record and a fine opening volley for Bennington's solo work."
The Guardian,50,"The album is oddly inert, lacking both the brute force and big choruses that raised Linkin Park to rap-rock godhead status."
Boston Globe,50,"Mr. Bennington strives to sound sympathetic, but after a song or two its clear that his only sympathy is for himself; theres no humility, much less humor or proportion. As real as his prolonged adolescent angst is supposed to be, it quickly curdles into narcissism."
Slant Magazine,50,"As a rock star side project, though, Dead by Sunrise has an unlikely fault--it's not nearly indulgent enough."

Alternative Press,80,"Profoundly weird but still cozy, Christmas in the Heart paints an appealing holiday picture: chestnuts roasting on an open fire, Jack Frost scratching at your ears."
NOW Magazine,80,"Some will rank it among other gimcrack releases, like Dylan & the Dead. Still others will categorize it as an oddity, like Self Portrait. Its all and none of these."
Sputnikmusic,80,"The result is polished without being glib, and a sympathetic listener may find it addictive."
Drowned In Sound,75,"Musically, its wonderfully bad; conceptually, its just wonderful."
Los Angeles Times,75,"Christmas in the Heart is an odd one-a collection of straight-ahead Christmas songs that benefits Feeding America, as well as food charities in other countries. But it will remind listeners that for nearly a decade Dylan has been working on his croon-exploring musical styles that are more polished than folk and blues."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"Christmas in the Heart is, in no particular order: delightful, silly, intimate in a somewhat phony way, gentle, cornball, crazy, dated, baffling and lovable."
Pitchfork,70,"Our suggestion: embrace the bizarreness of it all. It's all good fun, and let's face it, even though Christmas In The Heart is unlikely to invoke a last minute panic in Best Of The Decade list makers, it's way better than Slade."
Billboard.com,68,"It's his unhinged vocals that make Christmas in the Heart interesting, and, in some ways, appropriate to its subject."
Dot Music,67,"He fares less well on ballads--heres hoping 'Hark The Herald Angels Sing' and 'O Come All Ye Faithful (Adeste Fideles)' dont become live staples. But he eases into 'The Christmas Blues' adroitly, and rips up a cover of Brave Combos polka classic 'Must Be Santa' with lightning vocal delivery."
Rolling Stone,60,"Apart from the breakneck 'Must Be Santa,' which barrelhouses like a barroom, Dylan doesn't really reinterpret these songs as much as simply play them with his crackerjack road band, dropping in a little flair--restoring 'we'll have to muddle through somehow' to 'Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas,' singing the opening of 'O Come All Ye Faithful' in its original Latin--but never pushing tunes in unexpected directions."
No Ripcord,60,"It's a decent album with good intentions."
AllMusic,60,"Bob Dylan celebrates the Christmas hit parade the old-fashioned way: He plays it straight, as much as his pitted baritone allows, with a band that mixes David Hidalgo with R&B guitarist Phil Upchurch."
musicOMH.com,50,"Its Bob Dylans Christmas gift to you, delivered with warmth from his heart, even if his tongue is in his cheek. Like eggnog, its something that will always go down well once a year, even if it is probably just the once."
The A.V. Club,50,"Dylans craggy voice isnt really equipped for crooning, so the sometimes middle-brow orchestration and singing--particularly the use of backing choirs--sounds like a misguided attempt to sweeten a dish best served lightly salted."
The New York Times,40,"Removed from the comfort of his own musical constructions, they often sound like a collection of rasps, croaks and burrs optimistically corralled in to what just might be words; Latin has never sounded more like a dead language than when Dylan sings in it on 'O Come All Ye-Faithful'. [Dec 2009, p. 87]"
Q Magazine,40,"But, alternating between the laughable and listenable, it's safe to say there's never been anything quite like the sound of him jollily croaking his way through Her Comes Santa Claus or Hark The Herald Angles Sing. [Jan 2010, p. 119]"
Uncut,30,"Aside from the obvious point that it is strange hearing Dylan, ne Robert Zimmerman, singing Christmas songs, it is often just awkward to listen to the elder's scraggly croak making its way through commonly known carols."

The Wire,90,"Blue Record truly depicts a band at the peak of their powers. [Nov 2009, p.106]"
American Songwriter,90,"This is a ferocious album that's not afraid to be genuinely beautiful. One of the best hard rock releases of 2009."
Dusted Magazine,85,"Complex enough to reward repetitive listening and compact enough to encourage it, Blue Record is one of the year's most generous hours."
Chicago Tribune,84,"Blue Record is, in sound and spirit, satisfying metal painted with broad strokes and big gestures."
Under The Radar,80,"I wouldnt be surprised if theres an overarching concept. It doesnt matter one way or another. Its a gallop from start to finish. Blue Record is going to be hard to top."
BBC Music,80,"Baroness simply lets the songs do their thing, never beating us over the head, never pandering, and in so doing, theyve created a surprisingly adventurous album, further establishing their position as one of the finest, not to mention likeable bands in America these days."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Baroness's second full-length somehow tops their powerhouse debut for riffs, songwriting and cohesiveness. [Feb 2010, p. 101]"
musicOMH.com,75,"Here, as on Red Album, they keep finding new ways to make old Black Sabbath tricks seem fresh."

New Musical Express (NME),60,"Har Mar Superstar's never been known for solid full-lengths. He's a song-based artist, and Dark Touches features some of his best singles."
The Guardian,60,"Although this album is an improvement from his previous work, to fully understand this album (and his work overall), you must see him live."
Q Magazine,60,"Fluff, maybe, but very entertaining fluff. [Dec 2009, p. 115]"
Under The Radar,40,"Dark Touches has its catchy moments, but sticking a song in the listener's head is not the same thing as creating important music. [Nov 2009, p.109]"
Billboard.com,40,"Even a nice take-off of moody Pharrell-style R&B, 'Gangsters Want To Cuddle Me', and a rap by Adam Green can't save Dark Touches from being fairly irritating. [Nov 2009, p. 88]"
cokemachineglow,20,"Yeah, its his shtick, and you could laugh with him if the music was in any way exciting. Unfortunately, however, Dark Touches filth-funk fury is made impotent by sheer lack of hooks."

Clash Music,86,"Know Better Learn Faster mostly sounds like a young artist coming into her own--in music and life and love."
Rock Sound,80,"Their various styles are integrated and naturally came out of the way the Get Down Stay Down coalesced."
AllMusic,80,"Know Better, Learn Faster is without a doubt one of the best indie folk-rock albums of the year."
PopMatters,80,"As a result, Know Better Learn Faster is (with the exception of the last track, an awkward dance number called 'Easy') an album full of radio-ready singles, each as infectious and heartfelt as the last."
Dot Music,80,"Her lazily smoky voice has its bitterly harsh moments, but her coolly analytical self-awareness stings the most."
Uncut,78,"Know Better Learn Faster is a more mature record, slightly disillusioned with the world, but no less playful and with no less personality."
Alternative Press,70,"The production (a return engagement from Tucker Martine) remains relatively economical throughout, leaving plenty of room for Thao's distinctive warble/weep to unfold its tales of passion spent and soured."
Pitchfork,70,"Know Better Learn Faster successfully builds off the trio's 2008 debut We Brave Bee Stings And All, with Nguyen's smoky alto and bluesy guitar remaining front and center."
Alternative Press,70,"Pictured on the albums cover taking aim at a heart-shaped pinata, Thao once again sings in a way that conveys both breathless astonishment and world-weary wisdom."
Billboard.com,67,"On her sophomore KRS LP with the Get Down Stay Down, she sorts out emotional laundry via foot stomps and soul-searching."
The New York Times,60,"While Nguyen continues to write upbeat songs about passion gone awry and her band continues to do its part in complementing them, Know Better Learn Faster just doesnt quite reach the bar she set for herself last time out."
AllMusic,60,"The scuzzy arrangements ate trickier and less cute, while the lyrics fester with hard experience. [Feb 2010, p.104]"

Entertainment Weekly,80,"Three Fact Fader is an impressive sophomore effort. Engineers have created a winning combination of English pop/rock."
BBC Music,80,"They've remarkably managed to raise the bar to a whole new level for an entire genre with Third Fact Fader. A triumph over adversity if ever there were one."
musicOMH.com,80,"The attention to detail where texture and colour is concerned is the crowning glory with the Engineers."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"If The Horrors' 'Primary Colours' is the night out, then Three Fact Fader--Engineers follow-up to their 2005 debut--is the sound of the blissful recovery next day."
Spin,80,"The result is an album thats catchier than the debut, even as its less obvious--one that keeps the uplift and reassurance of their past work while allowing more shades of other emotions (anger, fear, doubt, sadness) to add colour."
Rolling Stone,72,"Depending on how interested you still are by the record's third act, this can be either good or bad. It depends on your taste for disorientation."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Regardless of whether or not the band lost whatever career momentum their debut generated, as a piece of music, Three Fact Fader fully delivers on the promise that was left hanging in the air for so long."

The A.V. Club,80,"The excellent Rejoicer is a 35-minute cruise through the backstreets of the Brooklyn rock scene and builds itself around an intriguing array of Moog synthesizers, manipulated pedal steel, and heaping spoonfuls of amplifier fuzz to craft some of the most exciting new sounds the Kings County has to offer."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"These are the giants' shoulders that Grooms have chosen to stand upon, and with Rejoicer they have done so excellently."
Prefix Magazine,70,"The first couple times through Rejoicer, you might easily dismiss it as self-indulgent, unconstructed indie pop, lead by a pitch-uncertain singer with no great gift for catchy tunes. But after a half dozen listens, the album opens up, resolving its contradictions and bringing its juxtapositions into sharper focus."
Paste Magazine,70,"Brooklyn's Grooms traffic in scorched-earth art rock that's as visceral and flailing as early Modest Mouse. [Fall 2009, p.72]"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),64,"Rejoicer is a quality album with some especially strong tracks, but as much as it is refreshing to hear a relatively young band nail sounds from a previous era, the record is more enjoyable than it is interesting."

NOW Magazine,80,"Where 'Hexes' reveled in a sludgier sentiment, all the while anchoring Wasif's emotional yearnings, The Voidist opts, for the most part, not to disguise anything. It arrives bare-chested and howling"
Sputnikmusic,77,"That feeling of being held at arm's length persists no matter how much time you put in with Voidist, and it's the record's only significant shortcoming."
AllMusic,70,"There is the danger that The Voidist comes off as a collection of songs, not an album. But for the most part theyre really good songs, and sometimes thats more than enough."
Alternative Press,40,"The Voidist eschews some of the drone-y stoner rock of 'starnge Hexes,' but his Two Part Beast band is still muzzled by a plodding middle section. [Fall 2009, p.72]"

BBC Music,81,"On Music for Men, the band's devotion to being itself has finally found it a place in the mainstream."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"For most of the album the band reveals new levels of craftsmanship and detail, mastering one unexpected style after another, mostly from the 1970s and 80s: house, disco, funk, T. Rex glam, synth-pop. After the surprise wears off, the hooks of the songs linger."
The Guardian,80,"Punk purists may hate it. But dance-floor revelers will drown them out."
Pitchfork,80,"It stands out as a piece thats refreshing, bold in musicality, and still defiant as ever--just the way we like our Gossip."
cokemachineglow,80,"While it isn't quite as honed as 'Standing in the Way of Control,' on Music for Men the Gossip sound perfectly at home in their new digs, while remaining true to their essence."
Rock Sound,80,"This is a truly astonishing effort; a crowdpleaser and a call to arms--now let's go and change the world."
No Ripcord,80,"Brace yourselves, naysayers, for a tour de force."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Dittos lyrics are still a blend of sex and politics, always delivered with enough passion to fill the dance floor and keep it sweaty."
Billboard.com,80,"Ditto's one-of-a-kind voice still bestrides everything, sometimes gutsy and soulful, sometimes oddly sweet. [Jul 2009, p.130]"
Los Angeles Times,75,"Any such growing pains are largely negated by Dittos singular voice, which continues to expertly guide Gossips ongoing dance-punk explorations."
Chicago Tribune,75,"Superproducer Rick Rubin adds some more-cowbell boogie to the blues-punk power trio's major-label debut, Music for Men, though the band's rough-diamond magnetism loses some of its pull in the process."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"Ditto's huge voice can't do soft, so it shoots skyward on 'ove Long Distance,' and coupled with a mechanical piano and canned beat, the band starts to sound a bit catatonic. But the rest of Music for Men is a tightly wound disco-punk conjugation."
Under The Radar,70,"Music For Men is a sugar-coated dance record that echoes with universality."
Slant Magazine,64,"As a musical statement of intent to the throngs of the newly interested, Music For Men shows a clear picture of who Gossip want to be--a New Millennial Madonna for whom Danceteria never closes. But for those who have been following Gossip's career, waiting with bated breath to see how the band will evolve, this new record may feel a little too much like they are still Standing in the Way of Control."
Boston Globe,60,"Music for Men is a relatively safe album for Gossip's first major release."
American Songwriter,60,"Rick Rubin produces; a mixed blessing."
PopMatters,60,"There's nothing really to grab them: too many of the songs seem a little underweight. It may be that 'Heavy Cross' is enough to save the Gossip from indie one-hit-wonderdom, but there's no escaping the fact that Music for Men doesn't do the thing it really needs to."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"A spirited return from Beth Ditto and company--but where are the new ideas?"
Paste Magazine,60,"The weak spot, as ever, are lyrics that clasp to cliches without transforming them. So we get a song about a certain four-letter-word, and lines about rain or taking chances. On the other hand, the punchline of 'Men in Love' is pretty great, and Beths belting usually subsumes the stock imagery."
Sputnikmusic,60,"Ditto and co. have been miles beyond this for years now, and by turning to a tired sound without bringing any new ideas, they risk losing what made them so unique in the first place."
Alternative Press,60,"It's hard to hear Men as anything but a letdown, the sound of a genuinely talented band struggling to take the proverbial next step."
The New York Times,50,"The singer cuts loose only as '8th Wonder' winds down, building to the kind of fury that causes one to wonder what this album could've been with less polish and a lot more Ditto, unfiltered."
Q Magazine,50,"Its a crushingly un-exuberant album, powered by neither anger nor joy, howls of rage nor whoops of exhilaration, not revelling in any particular aspect of the bands music, nor kicking against any pricks. The lyrics dabble with outsiders and the odd bit of queer imagery, but theres nothing revelatory, incendiary or revealing."
Filter,50,"It wasn't disco-pop and it wasn't chart-fodder, and sadly for them--and their label--attempts to make them so with the help of Rick Rubin has resulted in a record that sounds similar to the last but with the heart ripped out."
Under The Radar,50,"In the end, the record seems an ascetic exercise, complete with drumstick count-ins."
PopMatters,40,"It's surprising how straight down the line this album is. [Jul 2009, p.94]"

Urb,100,"It's hard to imagine their music getting much better. But it's not hard to imagine their lives getting much better. Which may be all their music needs."
The A.V. Club,100,"The xx have made a debut that sounds utterly flawless; it's the kind of album that bands take years to create."
Boston Globe,100,"The result is sexy like early Portishead and thoughtful like Young Marble Giants--a perfectly formed debut with a genuinely new sound way beyond the sum of identifiable forebears."
Spin,90,"It's a perfectly executed ending for an album whose understated pleasures will surely amount to one of the year's most treasured releases."
AllMusic,90,"The xx recorded not only the year's best debut but also one of its best albums, period."
NOW Magazine,90,"It's here and it's almost perfect."
No Ripcord,90,"For a debut album it's brilliantly realised and contains not an inch of flab across its 11 songs. Debut album of the year? It's beyond doubt."
Clash Music,90,"xx is a fantastically innovative album, and this band is exploring new territory."
The Guardian,89,"Spare, swirling keyboards and gently urgent guitar pluckings anchor this minimalist masterpiece, allowing Romy Madley Croft's plaintive, laudanumlike vocals to tentatively soar above the albumwide ache that is her and Oliver Sim's (e)vocation."
Uncut,87,"It is so fully formed and thoughtful that it feels like three or four lesser, noisier records should have preceded it. The xx didn't need a gestation period, though xx is nuanced, quiet, and surprising enough that you might."
Pitchfork,86,"The album's explication of its own interest in contrast and conversation is perhaps its greatest virtue."
Slant Magazine,82,"The XX is for lovers and non-lovers alike, though even its surefire appeal I wouldn't call this a pop album. I would deem it sensual, musical in-out."
Dusted Magazine,80,"The finished result occupies land between Young Marble Giants' 'Colossal Youth' and Tricky's 'Maxinquaye': not the equal of either of those landmark albums, maybe, but certainly cut from the same cloth. [Sep 2009, p.89]"
musicOMH.com,80,"Above all though, xx is a thoroughly cohesive, moving and accessible album."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"While the band's subtlety and consistency threaten to work against them at times, XX is still a remarkable debut that rewards repeated listens and leaves listeners wanting more."
PopMatters,80,"As overwrought as the lyrics are, the songs have an attractive, dreamy, atmospheric quality that helps the London band avoid embarrassing teen melancholy. It's also surprisingly hypnotic."
Under The Radar,80,"It's strange that such a traditional set-up (drums, bass, keys, guitars, voices) has resulted in one of 2009's most unique debuts."
Uncut,80,"There is a lightness of touch at play that gives the XX a sophistication beyond their years. It probably means that their dream pop will become the ubiquitous dinner party album du jour."
AllMusic,80,"It's difficult to imagine 'xx' having quite the seismic impact of that opus [Arcade Fire's debut], but the album will win many friends for its beautifully haunting, understated charms."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"What happens when you cross Mazzy Star with Sleater Kinney? These boy/girl newcomers have the answer."
Mojo,80,"The results make for a chilling and captivating experience, with the unexpected musical flourishes in stop-start songs. [Sep 2009, p.104]"
Q Magazine,70,"It's a gorgeous and dreamy feeling, and one that's easy to spend a lot of time in."
The A.V. Club,70,"In fairness to the XX, that song was one of Aaliyah's most languorous, its eroticism delivered in small, subtle kicks, but that does little to soften the airlessness of the XX's version. And it's that same fundamental reluctance to engage that suffocates this group's self-titled debut album, which has become a favorite of bloggers and the British."
cokemachineglow,70,"As it is, with all their knobs set to downbeat, there's something restrained and knowing here that will trouble some newcomers. Still, there's very little on 'xx' to suggest this band will end up on the compost heap."
BBC Music,50,"Their quest for a catchy chorus is often derailed by a love of hazy atmospherics, creating a soundtrack suited for little more than late-night navelgazing. [Fall 2009, p.72]"

Drowned In Sound,90,"They have done a hell of a lot of growing up. An immense album."
Pitchfork,80,"The quiet simplicity of these songs is better suited to Finks lone voice, clear without a jumble of voices and complex harmonies, strengthening the continuity of the storytelling."
The Guardian,80,"This is a beautiful album. Moving rather than maudlin, uplifting rather than depressing."
The A.V. Club,80,"'This is a song for anyone with a broken heart,' Fink sings on 'Blue Skies' and the break-up album of the year is complete. [Sep 2009, p.98]"
musicOMH.com,80,"However maudlin Noah & The Whale begin, then, there's a wonderful narrative here that sees them move from first-love blues, through resentment to healing and finally to acceptance."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Heartbreak can tear a songwriter to shreds, but it serves the opposite purpose here, lending a sense of vulnerability to Fink's baritone and adding some much-needed drama to the band's music, which previously concerned itself with twee-styled progressions and summery melodies."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),76,"The First Days of Spring falls in the gentle, folky space between Belle & Sebastian and Its Jo and Danny, but manages to carve out a singular place for itself with thoughtful lyricism and artful songwriting."
BBC Music,75,"Its an intriguing record brimming with solid songs that only loses step by keeping to a narrow path."
Clash Music,70,"The First Days Of Spring has a wonderful orchestral bent, with many tracks graced by symphonic backing that brings welcome grandeur without succumbing to cloying melodrama. [Fall 2009, p.59]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Despite its shortcomings, The First Days of Spring marks a welcome escape from such labels as 'quirky' and 'twee', with a musical maturity that requires only an equivalent lyrical magic to amount to something truly special."
Rock Sound,60,"Ambitious, orchestral and accompanied by a 45-minute film, it candidly documents singer Charlie Finks recovery from a badly broken heart."
The Guardian,52,"As a lyricist, Fink's too reliant on indistinct yearn, and while you might relate to some of Spring's bummed-out bromide, Fink's moping seems too scopic to hit anyone very deep for very long. Sometimes you just put it in a letter."
Alternative Press,50,"Theres just enough mediocre material that slips through to make The First Days of Spring more of a curiosity, an almost-successful experiment, rather than something truly remarkable."
Uncut,50,"As a document to a breakup, it's all a bit middling and lifeless. Sadness is one thing, but it's spring for Noah and the Whale. Where's the color?"
Hot Press,40,"At the moment, though, it appears as though this is one twee-pop album that simply doesn't pop."

Mojo,100,"This album is a stylized, slightly-paranoid romp sure to pluck the heartstrings of anyone who has ever lived life with reckless abandon."
Slant Magazine,90,"This record can't claim such a free-spirited conception as its predecessor, but that's actually to its credit as not a moment rests idle or is flung in on a whim, every track connects like a pool cue to the back of the head in a bit of Friday night pub rough and tumble."
PopMatters,90,"Kings and Queens is a resounding success. Okay, maybe it's a tried and true formula that Jamie T and Ben Bones have created, but their textured, layered songs each have something new to offer upon every listen, and they've mastered the art to near perfection."
Delusions of Adequacy,85,"The disc is packed with tightly crafted modern pop, and seamlessly melds the artists myriad influences."
NOW Magazine,80,"It's a second album that builds on the success of the debut, expanding the sound without losing any of what made Jamie T so interesting in the first place."
No Ripcord,80,"An unshamedly fun album. [Sep 2009, p.104]"
cokemachineglow,80,"Whether he's actually been 'with Louie in the shooting gallery' or been stuck listening to 'baby next door screaming all evening' doesn't matter--what does is his gripping way of telling a tale."
Pitchfork,80,"A provocative and inventive second album. [Sep 2009, p.96]"
Billboard.com,70,"Fortunately, he hasn't matured out of his core strengths: his vitality, his expressiveness, and his knack for twisting the vagaries of everyday life for urban youth into material for songs."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Where he once seemed like a busking Rodney Trotter, hes now left the loser affectations behind and is more like Del Boy, a man aiming for bigger and better things and becoming a national institution in the process. Lovely jubbly."
Dot Music,60,"The collection as a whole has a transitional feel, as though Jamie T is still finding his way between the two poles of his primary inspiration. Yet with his propensity for both engaging storytelling and hooks, he's too talented not to figure it all out in spectacular fashion."
AllMusic,40,"Kings And Queens never manages to exceed its D.I.Y. entropy. [Fall 2009, p.72]"
American Songwriter,40,"Its the slower, acoustic ballads that may be Kings & Queens biggest surprise, and to which listeners may respond most strongly, one way or the other. The trouble is, Treays no pop singer; he retreats into a mumble, slurring his words."

Under The Radar,91,"This is literary rock as it should be."
Prefix Magazine,90,"What makes The Life of the World to Come one of 2009's best albums, and the Mountain Goats' studio albums maybe the single greatest second act in modern American rock/indie/whatever music, is that he never assumes those groups are, at the heart of it all, different from each other or less deserving of our attention and compassion."
Q Magazine,84,"While he might elicit the specific from his listeners, his music--especially here--is general. This is his gift and the gift of effective storytellers: to build toward the general by using the specific."
Tiny Mix Tapes,83,"Regardless of his collaborators or how he chooses to approach his songs, The Life of the World to Come is further proof of Darnielle's ability, evident since long before he traded a boombox for a studio, to imbue his imagery, his sentiments, and his many characters with astounding weight and power."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Darnielle's lyrics are as true as ever to his incisive yet confused style; 'confused' because, as his myopic cleverness makes for phrases as bracing and direct as can be, his words always--simultaneously--obfuscate or complicate themselves."
Uncut,80,"Each of the 12 tracks on The Life Of The World To Come is named after the [Bible] verse that informs it. The settings are gloriously apposite. [Nov 2009, p.96]"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),78,"While all this makes for a unique record, one can't help but crave  just a little bit more of Darnielle's own fiery voice. [Nov 2009, p.110]"
The A.V. Club,75,"When the mix is right between that meticulously detailed intimacy and a little religious mythologizing, this album is at its best."
musicOMH.com,70,"He's still writing finely observed vignettes that manage to intersect life as we live it with life as we wish we could live it, and as such, he has more in common with a short story writer than he does with the typical singer/songwriter."
Clash Music,70,"It's cool that he's trying to change things up, but there's no substitute for a strong result."
Austin Chronicle,70,"In less dexterous hands, of course, this could--and most likely would--be a disaster, but Darnielle's lyrical prowess and songwriting nous ensures he just about gets away with it."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Literate, perceptive, sometimes a tad mawkish, they're also resolutely sturdy, insightful diversions that would please even without the Biblical trappings."
Billboard.com,70,"Indeed, when everything clicks, Darnielle can't be denied, and even when there's cause for concern, there's always something worth taking note of."
Kerrang!,70,"This is a record not so much crying in the wilderness, but one recognizing that its characters are in that wilderness."
BBC Music,65,"The Life of the World to Come isn't exactly a head-nodding compendium to the Good Book as much as a shoulder-shrugging desire for surrender. For some, an album with such strong religious overtones may distance those disenchanted with the church."
Drowned In Sound,60,"For the main part, The Life Of The World To Come is so familiar as The Mountain Goats that it seems rather lazy."
Q Magazine,60,"It's not his strongest, but facinating none the less. [Nov 2009, p.110]"
Sputnikmusic,50,"The Goats have noble intentions, but their Biblicval tunes call to mind 7-11 praise music. [Fall 2009, p.59]"

Alternative Press,83,"For There Is No Enemy, Martsch and company move beyond that back-to-basics approach, delivering a polished record that favors lilting mid-tempo ballads over ear-blasting ragers."
Spin,80,"Besides connecting the dots between the chugging side of Neil Young and the slightly warped alterna-pop of the Flaming Lips, Built to Spill continue releasing some of the most affecting, beguiling indie rock of the 2000s."
PopMatters,80,"Enemy takes the game Built to Spill has been playing for a while now and hits the right emotions in the right way."
AllMusic,80,"Martsch has hinted that There Is No Enemy could be the band's final album. If that's the case, the set's multifaceted melodies and experimentation would be an inspired sendoff."
NOW Magazine,80,"The highs here, while admittedly not quite as majestic or sugary as in the past, are still pretty far up there, and better yet, there are no lows."
Dot Music,80,"Despite the bounty of overdubs, however, theres little self-indulgence to There Is No Enemy; Martschs overloaded approach might scream prog, but he also possesses a perfectly-disciplined, pop songwriting sensibility, with every lengthy instrumental coda married to contagious choruses and melodic barbs that lodge in the mind."
Paste Magazine,80,"There is something exorbitantly satisfying about enjoying what you might deem to be a comeback album, especially when it arrives from an established band that many - including myself - thought were out of fresh ideas."
Pitchfork,80,"Even at its most meandering points (Nowhere Lullaby), the tangents on There Is No Enemy feel purposeful. Martschs lyrics remain wry and erudite, but hes back to expressing himself in a more whimsical fashion and, more importantly, writing actual melodies."
Slant Magazine,79,"The end result is easily the best Built to Spill album of the decade--an improbable late-career reawakening and heartening evidence that becoming dependable doesn't mean having to settle for being predictable."
New Musical Express (NME),78,"With seventh LP There Is No Enemy, leader Doug Martsch fully embraces Young's mid-1970s songwriter mold--the songs are a bit slower, with a reflective urgency and pop polish that garners strength in every repeat listen  and on that ground alone the album succeeds."
Rolling Stone,77,"It's a measured, thoughtful album befitting a group that has practically become a byword for consistency."
Village Voice,75,"There Is No Enemy does not offer new horizons for Built to Spill, but it does shine in a consistently good catalog."
Los Angeles Times,70,"With the talent on display here, there's every reason to believe that the man will deliver another classic Built to Spill record someday. This isn't one, but in its best moments (and many of it's merely good moments), you'll be surprised at how little you mind."
Mojo,70,"There Is No Enemy is not a return to form. Its a re-imagining of a bands distinct and timeless sound."
The Guardian,70,"Those seeking the naive concision of earlier records will be disappointed: Most songs sprawl near five minutes or longer. But their components are all about simple melodic beauty, writ large--prog-rock for pop purists."
Lost At Sea,70,"Even if the album as a whole isn't as eminently loveable as, say, 'Keep It Like A Secret,' though, there's still plenty to love here. [Fall 2009, p.57]"
Billboard.com,70,"He packs every song with parts--low, midrange and high guitars, vocal la-las and ahs--and all the layers can make the songs overstuffed and woolly, particularly the slow ones. But diligence is one way to fight complacency, and Mr. Martschs plaintive cantankerousness keeps breaking through."
Boston Globe,70,"While we sit here wishing for that next sublime Built To Spill album, There Is No Enemy serves as a good fix to hold us on over."
Rolling Stone,70,"As ever, Martsch prove capable of anthropomorphizing a bent string and imbuing it with more emotion than many bands' vocals and lyrics. [Dec 2009, p.112]"
PopMatters,70,"Listeners who enjoy acts such as The Flaming Lips, Pavement, Dinosaur Jr, Superchunk and Neil Young would also enjoy Built To Spill. No, really, they would. And There Is No Enemy would be a pretty good place for those listeners to begin their investigations."
Mojo,60,"Taken as a whole, There Is No Enemy is a solid album on par with the bands more recent output."
Paste Magazine,60,"This is a soundscape bordered by The Flaming Lips and the Pixies, and mapped with verve. [Mar 2010, p.81]"
Q Magazine,60,"The album's seven-minute epics, Done and Tomorrow, chase their melodies to powerfully dramatic heights, pocket symphonies that stir and haunt with graceful, emotive crescendos that beg lighters waved aloft. [Feb 2010, p. 104]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Martsch's hitherto opaque lyrics are more revealing than normal, exposing sentiments of anger and loss. [Mar 2010, p.97]"

Chicago Tribune,80,"The music is taut, the vocals, if anything, under-emoted, and the overall feeling is that of a muse rediscovered. [Jun 2009, p.108]"
The New York Times,60,"It might be the best album Jim Kerr and Charlie Burchill have put together since 1984's 'Sparkle In The Rain.' [Jun 2009, p.131]"
The A.V. Club,50,"To be fair, this is easily the best thing theyve done since the mid-80s and Rockets and Moscow Underground have some of that epic post-punk/new-wave disco spirit of yore, but its still not enough."
Austin Chronicle,50,"The commercial success is a victory Simple Minds and its hardcore fans must be savoring. For everyone else, its a pretty hollow one."
Uncut,40,"Deft guitar lines from Charlie Burgess never quite paper over the cracks in numbers that would have been consigned to b-sides in the band's heyday. [Jun 2009, p.101]"

AllMusic,80,"Soft metal album that challenges Whitesnake, Bon Jovi and Van Halen. Funny...I think."
BBC Music,60,"It's funnier than the Crue. And that's no mean feat. [Jul 2009, p.106]"
Slant Magazine,60,"Enjoyment of this LA tribute act's wilfully non-PC parody of '80s hair metal entirely correlates with one's familarity with Poison and Faster Pussycat's liking for double--often single-entendres. [Jul 2009, p.117]"
NOW Magazine,50,"As David St. Hubbins said, 'It's such a fine line between stupid and clever,' and Saenz's locker-room humor wears thin quickly. Even cameos from Slipknot's Corey Taylor, Anthrax's Scott Ian, Nelson's Matt Nelson, the Donnas' Allison Robertson and Brett Anderson, and the Darkness' frontman Justin Hawkins can't keep the same dick joke interesting for 40 minutes straight."
The Guardian,30,"An exercise in taking a joke way too far."

BBC Music,80,"A pop concoction packed with twangy hooks and dreamy melodies, it sounds like a fantasy fusion of the Phil Spector-produced Ronettes and C86-era indie stars the Primitives."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"The Danish duo of Sune Rose Wagner and Sharin Foo begin their fourth full-length, In And Out Of Control, with a satisfying 'Bang!' and never slow, even through the darkest of subject matter"
The A.V. Club,80,"Yes, the melodies are all bubble-gum lightness, but dont worry, Raveonettes are still very dark and wont be making inroads into top-40 radio any time soon."
Billboard.com,80,"It turns out to be much more than just the sum of its influences. It's evocative when it could just be shamelessly retro."
Dot Music,80,"Darkly funny and strangely beautiful. [Nov 2009, p.111]"
Alternative Press,77,"While the Raveonettes do little to shake things up on Control, they still have the unique and eerie ability to sugarcoat the most serious of songs with their infectious brand of music."
PopMatters,75,"The album is better when the lyrics remain more suggestive (the slinky Breaking Into Cars) than explicit (the self-explanatory Boys Who Rape (Should All Be Destroyed)) but In And Out Of Control mostly finds the band thriving in a niche of its own creation."
Mojo,70,"The Raveonettes arent reinventing their formula with In and Out of Control, but with pop this lovely, they shouldnt expect to hear any complaints."
Sputnikmusic,70,"This is their thing, their schtick. And for the most part, bending phil Spector out of shape and dragging him by his hair through a raft of distortional devices and all the while kicking the hell out of the Leader of the Pack is a very good thing."
AllMusic,70,"Thanks to the production, the performances, and the songs, the Raveonettes have delivered on the renewed promise of 'Lust Lust Lust' and made a very good, almost great, noise-pop album."
Uncut,69,"When things do begin to feel a little too familiar, Control manages to pull clever punches that keep interests piqued."
Q Magazine,65,"In and Out of Control is still hindered by what has sunk every Raveonettes album from being great; theres a sinking feeling upon multiple listens that youre just listening to one long song."
Drowned In Sound,63,"In and Out of Control is a reined-in Raveonettes album with more differentiation among songs."
The Guardian,60,"Four albums in, this nourish duo are still unwavering in their approach: Chilly, disturbing lyrics emerge from a dense fog of blissful Spector harmonies and squalling Jesus and Mary Chain surf and strings. Only now, those lyrics are more bizarre."
Pitchfork,60,"The Danish duo continue to dance--quite merrily--on the boundary between light and dark with In And Out Of Control. [Fall 2009, p.60]"
AllMusic,60,"Seductively decaddent, but a feeling that The Raveonettes are living on borrowed time persists. [Nov 2009, p.99]"

Drowned In Sound,70,"While Tokio Hotel may not have matured enough to hang with the big boys yet, they are most certainly the dark horses pacing up and down the Disney fringe."
The Guardian,70,"Humanoid is no less appealingly shiny than its 2007 stateside debut, 'Scream.' But with the exception of the song 'Automatic,' an instantly catchy chunk of bubble-grunge perfection, it does have fewer killer melodies, which allows more of your brain to focus on Kaulitz's lyrics."
Uncut,50,"This music doesn't particularly sound like it was created by human beings, but it's no doubt close enough for their many fans."
PopMatters,40,"With the exception of 'Hey You' and 'World Behind My Wall,' the album is melodically anemic and strangely low-key. Subtle is not a mode that suits Kaulitz."

Q Magazine,80,"Goodnight Unknown is another understated treasure from the prince of the perpetually bruised heart."
musicOMH.com,80,"Emotional ambiguity never sounded so good. Business as usual then."
BBC Music,80,"As it stands, Barlow has only evolved in his mastery of subtle acoustic guitar interplay and flirtations with pop. [Nov 2009, p.109]"
Pitchfork,79,"Goodnight Unknown is layered with subtle distortion and commanding percussion, combined with Barlow's confident, sometimes contemplative vocals."
Under The Radar,73,"Goodnight Unknown feels comfortable and, to a point, casual, too, but it bears the kind of exploratory vigor that 'Emoh' lacked."
Rock Sound,70,"Lou Barlow is still the poet laureate of hiss and heartbreak, and although the hiss is missing on Goodnight Unknown, that's the only defining quality he's lost with the passage of time."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"This is simply a collection of well-crafted songs, honestly and simply arranged and delivered, and as such very much worth a listen."
Revolver,70,"Longtime fans will be enchanted by such quips and the naked introspection offered by Goodnight Unknown, and while not at all challenging, casual listeners will enjoy it simply for its strong collection of pop songs."
Alternative Press,67,"Barlow fans should be happy with the way Goodnight Unknown sounds, but they should also recognize that its songs arent as memorable as Barlows best."
Q Magazine,65,"The songs on Goodnight Unknown are well crafted and its clear that Barlow still has quite a bit of passion for making music, but the spark of genuine creativity is not there."
Pitchfork,60,"All 14 tracks come together to make the most consistent collection from Barlow in a long time, or even ever. It might lack the schizophrenic whims of the best Sebadoh records, and he may go for consistency here over any clear-cut standouts, but theres something to be said for a record that glides along this well."
BBC Music,60,"Barlow's content in his own skin now, and he captures this stability with grace and poignancy throughout Goodnight Unknown. [Fall 2009, p.56]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"This eclectic follow-up finds him embracing the diversity that made Sebadoh so exciting in the '90s.[ Nov 2009, p.101]"
The A.V. Club,60,"There's a kernal of quality to Goodnight Unknown that renders Barlow's obsessive self-absorption palatable. [Nov 2009, p.102]"
Billboard.com,40,"But though folky numbers like 'I'm Thinking' are obviously heartfelt, there's sadly little on Goodnight Unknown that matches the glory of Barlow's best work. [Nov 2009, p.81]"

Under The Radar,90,"When the dark, somber and damn loud refrains of 'Ego Death' kick in, it sounds like these guys could completely take over indie rock. [Nov 2009, p.106]"
Mojo,90,"Exploding Head holds as one of the most consistent, mind-blowing releases this year, unwavering of an any possible identity crisis."
Drowned In Sound,90,"A Place To Bury Strangers have managed to strike a perfect balance between noise and tune, and as a result created one of 2009's most ingenious records."
Clash Music,88,"Exploding Head is less an interpretation of a forgotten sound than a restoration of an abandoned mission. Even if you've heard it all before, you certainly haven't heard the end of it."
BBC Music,84,"Exploding Head is another raucous ode to My Bloody Valentine meets The Jesus and Mary Chain shoegaze. But thats whats indicative about this band--although its references are often cited; Exploding Head has that passion needed in reinvigorating a sub-genre."
Q Magazine,80,"This is a definite progression from their earlier material and if this is an indication of where the band is ultimately headed, then Exploding Head is likely to be the first of some very exciting albums."
PopMatters,80,"Exploding Head is a solid album that spits in the face of any sophomore slump expectations."
Uncut,80,"Exploding Head is a movement deftly capturing atmospheric exuberance."
AllMusic,80,"It's wall-of-noise stuff, but consistently they manage to either build a decent tune into the squall or else engage the listener through exhilarating power alone. [Nov. 2009, p.101]"
Pitchfork,80,"Exploding Head is a fine step forward for A Place to Bury Strangers, and shows they're among the best bands bringing shoegaze into the 21st century."
Filter,70,"This is A Place to Bury Strangers at their loudest, most relentlessly methodical, and, surprisingly, funniest."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Led by effects-pedal guru Oliver Ackermann (the Edge is a customer), this Brooklyn trio further their rep for insane volume on their first proper studio album."
Spin,70,"More attention was paid to mixing, but the sounds captured are as deliciously brash as they were on the debut. [Fall 2009, p.56]"
Paste Magazine,66,"The back half picks up where the debut left off, full of inspired pieces of paranoia-inducing industrial guitar noise and moribund pop textures--it too often seems like a misguided attempt to connect dots for the listener."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"What A Place to Bury Strangers creates is satisfying, nothing more."
The Guardian,50,"While A Place To Bury Strangers are obviously still in awe of the original shoegaze crowd, Exploding Head is a step towards sounding unique."

The A.V. Club,80,"Burmas ragged and raging record is a start-to-finish blast, but dont miss out on the partys substance: crafty vocals, heroic guitars, dark humor, steely resolve."
Alternative Press,80,"The Sound The Speed The Light is as good as 'Obliterati.'"
Drowned In Sound,80,"It would've been easy to let The Sound cruise from there, filling it with solid also-rans. But the energy level and commitment continue unabated."
BBC Music,80,"It sounds like, well, another solid Mission Of Burma record. [Nov 2009, p.110]"
Uncut,80,"Even if this is a by-the-numbers creation, it certainly adopts the same fiery posture that every Burma album encompasses. It just has to be looked upon with a different mindset. So heres a toast to conviction."
Billboard.com,80,"The Sound finds Burma at a new peak of sorts. But this one not only packs a visceral instrumental punch, but also engenders a sense of danger sorely lacking in today's largely fangless garage punk scene."
PopMatters,75,"The Sound The Speed The Light may not reach the same heights as its predecessor, but it shows Mission Of Burma still in fine form, and making rocks most improbable comeback look easy."
Paste Magazine,70,"The Sound the Speed the Light falls a few feet short of the level of excellence Mission of Burma have set for themselves in the past--though most contemporary bands would be overjoyed to make an album as interesting and compelling as this one."
Under The Radar,70,"While The Sound The Speed The Light might not push the band beyond the ground theyve already covered, it goes a long way towards proving that more of the same isnt so bad when it comes from the right outfit."
musicOMH.com,70,"The Sound the Speed the Light pushes the same boundaries that Mission of Burma has always pushed, and no doubt it will lose points for not pushing any new boundaries."
AllMusic,70,"This album sounded exactly as I imagined it would, sounding pumped in straight from a dingy practice space from the early 80s. Its just that the music sounds more in service to the post-punk ideal than to the individual songs, affecting a feeling of taking a wild trip through a style instead of offering memorable individual experiences."
Q Magazine,70,"The trio continue to demonstrate their chops and their wit over these 41 minutes."
Mojo,67,"A surprising change of pace for a band that shows no signs of slowing down."
Slant Magazine,60,"The band rolls out another solid, if slightly unspectacular album."
Lost At Sea,60,"This isn't quite their peak (not least since it seems to have been recorded in a shed next to a motorway), but when they hit their stride it's clear why they're so revered, most thrillingly on the anthem that is, 1,2,3, Partyy!, the stentorian Forget Yourself or the beguiling closer, Slow Faucet. [Jan 2010, p. 122]"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"What's remarkable though, is the seamless way in which they carried on from where they left off after their two-decade hiatus: although this sounds modern, it still has enough of their early urgency, once more balancing the anthemic ('SSL83', 'One Day We Will Live There') with a thrilling sense of a band about to career off-course at any moment. [Jan 2010, p. 121]"

Entertainment Weekly,83,"What makes Losing Feeling so solid is how it begins and ends."
The A.V. Club,80,"Milking the quiet-LOUD dynamic a drop more, this four-song EP's title track morphs a gentle guitar bath into a fuzz-pedal masterpiece."
Kerrang!,80,"This isnt the same set of music each time out, no, instead its a sincere evolution into something that all can behold. Many would be smart to learn from this band because theyve obviously got it figured out."
Revolver,75,"The pattern remains much the same on their new EP, Losing Feeling, although here, the DIY duo makes an effort at synthesizing the two halves of their personality: sonic assault and ambient drone."
Slant Magazine,70,"Though Losing Feeling remains EP in stature and with its intentions, its still enjoyable and represents a need to keep testing different waters before diving headlong into their next murky stretch of creative water."
BBC Music,70,"No filler here. That's the glory of an EP, but also of No Age. [Fall 2009, p.73]"
Sputnikmusic,70,"Its better than Nouns, better than the best songs on Weirdo Rippers (2007), and for once, I think, offers this cool idea that Randy and Deans next record might move away from the unilateral and slightly prudish use of noise as nothing but noise."

Village Voice,100,"All in all, for The Clientele this is another great album in whats getting to be a long line of great albums."
Billboard.com,91,"Bonfires On The Heath continues one of the most remarkable winning streaks in alt-pop, in which each Clientele album has sounded like a welcome refinement of what came before."
PopMatters,90,"Their finest and most expansive collection to date, and one of the finest pop offerings of 2009, this album takes all their strengths--haunting and sublime."
Spin,85,"That flash of a golden moment in between something sparking in the air and fading quickly away is all The Clientele are living for in this batch of heart-breakingly beautiful tunes, and its what Bonfires on the Heath seems to hold in the center of its heart."
AllMusic,85,"For those who cherished the late, great Go-Betweens, Galaxie 500 and The Zombies, take heart--here is your new favorite album, filled to bursting with shivering tremolo guitars, surrealist poetry and the sort of melodies that made the kids knees buckle whenever Time of the Season graced the airwaves."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"The warmth it conveys is immense, and along with the happiness it provides, the album also shows that the Clientele continue to be one of the best pop bands around in the 2000s."
Alternative Press,80,"Alasdair MacLean's impressionistic imagery doesn't always justify his fondness for repeating himself and, chiefly, it's the wispy guitar and delicate piano surrounding these hushed tales of lost love and half-forgotten reminiscences that renders them mesmerising."
Rolling Stone,80,"They all contribute to the consistency of atmosphere that makes the album in itself such a distinctively satisfying listen, and one in which anybody who makes the initial effort can immerse themselves entirely."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Unashamedly English with a slightly mysterious undertow, the likes of Harvest Time and Graven wood recall Pink Floyd at their most pastoral. [Jan 2010,p. 126]"
The A.V. Club,80,"Like Felt Before them, The Clientele have completed a commercially neglected yet conceptually immaculate decade, mapping, across four albums and a couple of compilations, a twilit suburb of English pop, as though a young TS Eliot had fronted The Zombies. [Jan 2010, p. 105]"
Q Magazine,76,"While moments off Bonfires have already proven hugely worthwhile, predominantly because of the textures Mel Draisey adds, it still lacks the cohesiveness, the clarion voice, of a band singularly in control of a well-tread sound."
Boston Globe,74,"The Clientele aren't vain or foolish enough to try rocking out for a whole album. And even the ersatz shit sounds lush as hell."
PopMatters,72,"The musics sharp focus, peppered with gallantly chirping 'Forever Changes' brass and sometimes slipping into a Floyd-like coast of silvery slide guitar, is the solid ground on which ghosts tread."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"Bonfires on the Heath is another shrewd effort for the London based band."
musicOMH.com,60,"Though Bonfires' pacing is erratic, the band keeps winsome romance close."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Bonfires is certainly a step up on its efficient, bloodless predecessor 'God Save The Clientele' and stands up no matter whats next for the band."
Uncut,60,"At this point the band has mastered its studied simplicity. [Fall 2009, p.57]"
Urb,60,"The quartet is at its best when hushed, autumnal and kaleidoscopic. Still, you cant blame them for trying to push the envelope."
Pitchfork,60,"Bonfires is an honourable epitaph. [Feb 2010, p. 100]"

Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"On This Is Us, the group sounds great for their age, and they sound like they're at their peak."
Filter,75,"The new disc does mark the band's return after a decade to its old teen-pop sound, and considering these guys' combined age, the result is surprisingly unembarrassing."
Paste Magazine,62,"Years removed from their teen-pop prominence, Backstreet Boys continue to produce pleasurable hooks and hummable vocal harmonies on This Is Us."
Spin,50,"A competent but very late-adopted pop-trance slurry."
Rolling Stone,30,"Most of the songs are just complete misfires."

AllMusic,80,"It is rare to come across an album encapsulating various musical stylings and still boasts coherence and a pleasurable pop listening experience. The Portland-based quartet Hockey achieves that balance on its debut studio album, Mind Chaos."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"When they stretch out, they get intriguing, if mixed, results."
Alternative Press,70,"Derivative? Maybe, but at least its deftly derived and delivered with purpose and spunk."
Billboard.com,70,"Originality niggles aside, the vitality and wit these Oregon upstarts display on this first LP is enough to recommend them to anyone interested in hearing a quality good-time band. Hockey seem to actually give a puck, and thats reason enough to like em for now."
cokemachineglow,67,"On their debut LP, Mind Chaos, Hockey seem to be having a little fun with it, keeping things casual, cracking jokes at their own expense. You'd be surprised how well it works."
Chicago Tribune,60,"They do little to advance on the template, but at their best they produce some thrilling pop music, and while failing to create a consistently brilliant album"
Under The Radar,60,"Hockey are not yet the finished article and are still finding their sound, but judging from Mind Chaos they're having a bloody laugh looking for it."
The Guardian,60,"Grubin's wordy lyrics will pique the interest of other shy types, but it's the music's freewheeling sparkiness that really hits home."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"While they could use a second tune, this has bags of vitality and personality. [Sep 2009, p.84]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"It's the enthusiasm of the performances that makes Mind Chaos work, but the fact that it's always dialed up so high also works against the album, as though Hockey is insisting a bit too much that they're fun."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"With a name as dumb as Hockey, these Portland hipsters tempt me to dismiss them as having overdosed on irony. But to their credit, there are a few decent new-wavey pop hooks here."
BBC Music,60,"The problem is not so much with the contents as with the packaging. Mind Chaos is a pop record, and, as a pop record, it kind of works  its full of chart-friendly singles and sung by a bunch that are bound to find themselves doted on by 13-year-olds."

Pitchfork,83,"Viles second full-length is notable for accomplishing a difficult feat: balancing a willful lack of self-control with a disciplined, oddly ascetic compositional approach."
Tiny Mix Tapes,82,"He for sure knows enough that this sound lives and dies by its honesty, and that Childish Prodigy is just that, just an honest album, the best he could have made now, the best of its kind for a long long time. More please!"
PopMatters,80,"Childish Prodigy is split between drunken caterwauling and quiet hangover-recovery sessions, and both sides of the spectrum are fantastic."
Lost At Sea,80,"Fans of whiskey-drenched, feedback-fuddled blues-rock, form an orderly line."
Filter,80,"With Childish Prodigy, his debut for indie-juggernaut Matador, Kurt Vile stretches and pulls the increasingly annoying lo-fi tag into interesting new shapes, distancing himself from his Woodsist-kin."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Unexpectedly, it's all pretty exciting. negotiate the scree, and the songs demand repeating. [Dec 2009, p.121]"
The Guardian,70,"It can seem unfocussed on occasion, but that rush to cram in influences from disparate sources settles into a pleasing hodge-podge in the second half of this album."
NOW Magazine,70,"The music is what stands out. Vile has no problem bringing any of his talents across--steady-handed, Appalachian-inflected psychfolk reels, doe-eyed wisecracker vocalese."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Prodigy is packed to the gills with indelible hooks and insidious melodies. [Fall 2009, p.60]"
AllMusic,70,"Vile seems to find his best inspiration in the album's valleys rather than its peaks."
Delusions of Adequacy,63,"Vile certainly has the talent and ability to churn out tunes, and with a little focus and editing his best batch is most likely ahead of him."
The New York Times,60,"The tracks with fuller arrangements are the more interesting and surprising tracks here, and they suggest Vile would do well to seek out other strong personalities to write and record with."
Uncut,60,"Lyrics are of a cut-and-paste nature and largely unintelligible, yet sonically speaking there are layers at work here that deserves to be revisisted. [Nov 2009, p.114]"
Under The Radar,40,"Kurt Vile: 50% Velvet Underground; 50% The Jesus And Mary Chain. Childish Prodigy: 50% Velvet Underground & Nico; 50% Darklands."
Q Magazine,30,"Throughout, a messy sthetic attempts to cover up pop sympathies--or simply proves that dissonance and sweetness needn't be kept in their separate corners."

Mojo,73,"Ask the Night is about the longing for transformation, for escape to someplace intangible but achingly beautiful. Its futile desire for transcendence provides the listener exactly that."
Boston Globe,70,"All of this is a far cry from Azure Ray's work, perhaps, but Ask the Night is often gorgeous in its simplicity."
The A.V. Club,70,"Ask the Night isnt the Southern Gothic masterpiece it has been hyped as, but it is a nice slice of dreamy, fluid countrified folk that works well with Finks sensitive voice."
cokemachineglow,70,"Ask The Night is a dose of a kind of southern comfort that my doctor might actually approve of."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Some may quibble with the sparse nature of the album; but it feels like a natural destination in Fink's songwriting travels. [Nov 2009, p.109]"
Slant Magazine,60,"Occasionally too sweet for its own good, Fink's atmosphere of perpetual twilight never fails to soothe, even as it unsettles. [Fall 2009, p.58]"
Spin,44,"This is an album that suffers in the context of Fink's career. She is an obviously talented artist working well below the standards she's set for herself as both one half of Azure Ray and a solo artist, and if that makes for a disappointing album."

musicOMH.com,91,"As with songs like 'The Orchids' and 'Spider's House,' the continued confidence in slow, sleepy numbers, hinting more towards the ambient side of experimental folk, like the devastating 'Krill' or the aforementioned 'Evidence' suggests that as Rutili ages, his music will only grow in accessibility, relying less and less on the clatter of his youth. Songs like 'Gauze' used to be austere nuggets buried in the noise, but these days, the noisy abstractions are, for the most part, the odd-man out."
The A.V. Club,85,"Each song shows new facets of their sound."
Paste Magazine,82,"They are doing the same thing they always do, which entails gorgeous and gracefully surprising variations on a deeply resonant motif."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),81,"So yes, All My Friends Are Funeral Singers is just another Califone album, but it's also a reminder of just what a special thing that is."
Alternative Press,80,"It's filled with engagingly warm-sounding tunes mating melodic accessibility with a winning lyrical evanescence powered by the same kind of poetic dream logic that's cropped up in Califone's concepts before."
The New York Times,80,"It is another well-made and executed Califone album, and it stays completely true to their concept. Consistency is underrated."
AllMusic,80,"Having developed their sound over six albums and finally tossed the carcass of previous band Red Red Meat, these super-sized ideas are Califones primest, most satisfying to date."
Uncut,80,"It is brilliant, conjuring stark, cinematic imagery via Rutli's off-kilter antiquated lyrical motifs, and a vintage instrumental aesthetic that's paradoxically forward-looking. [Falll 2009, p.57]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"Their seventh album is the soundtrack to a full-length film made by singer Tim Rutili but comfortably works on its own, sounding genuinely unlike anyone else - every song contains a surprise, however minor. [Nov 2009, p. 83]"
BBC Music,78,"Califone's first EP in 1998 may have been ahead of its time, and now, 11 years later, just might be the time when the band has truly grown into its own. [Fall 2009, p.94]"
Billboard.com,70,"If All My Friends Are Funeral Singers has said one thing at all to me, its that Califone merit further investigation, especially for someone who tends to write off folk music. And if that doesnt make it a success, then I dont know what does."
cokemachineglow,70,"Like Califone as a band, Singers is never boring but rarely excellent. Its just entirely decent."
Spin,60,"It is still a loose affair, but it allows the quartet to explore the far reaches of their songs rather than just wander folk's outer soloar system. [Nov 2009, p.103]"
American Songwriter,60,"It is a slow-growing treasure that reveals a little more of itself with each listen. [Nov 2009, p.94]"

Under The Radar,80,"Sunset/Sunrise shows that with a bit of judiciously placed accompaniment and a more ambitious use of the studio, the duo can add depth and gravity to music that was fine stuff to begin with."
Pitchfork,80,"Ultimately, Sunset / Sunrise is a wonderful follow-up for the duo because of how well they are able to combine the best aspects from their debut with new found options."
Slant Magazine,75,"The Dutchess and the Duke lend such conviction and humanity to these songs that its hard not to like them, even with their occasional missteps."
Rolling Stone,74,"While the album as a whole doesn't wallop the way 'She's the Dutchess' does, its more spacious, ambiguous, and, yes, adult songs are intriguing and affecting."
PopMatters,70,"Like the new Spider Bags, the fun seems to be slowly bleeding away. Not that it makes them any less catchy."
BBC Music,70,"Its finest moments ('Let It Die,' 'Sunrise/Sunset,' and the beautifully tortured opener 'Hands')--featuring the duo's heartaching harmonizing--capture a uniquely tender gloom amid the droning atmospherics."
musicOMH.com,70,"Sunset/Sunrise is an advancement in craft from the pair's already fine debut. [Fall 2009, p.57]"
Under The Radar,60,"A work in progress maybe, but the churchy disquiet of 'The River' show them to be songwriters of true craft. [Jan 2010, p. 122]"

Uncut,80,"Dead Man's Bones isn't perfect, but it's often fascinating and nearly always charming--and Shields and Gosling wouldn't have it any other way."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"Gosling and Shields play all the instruments on the disc and sing along with the kids choir--which sounds like a recipe for disaster but in actuality it's both compelling and surprising well-rendered."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Dead Mans Bones evokes all the right images of a haunted October, and with such sensitivity and sincerity, its rarely kitschy and never inappropriate."
The New York Times,80,"Dead Man's Bones turns out to be a decidedly beautiful thing. [Nov 2009, p.93]"
Pitchfork,80,"Incredibly, it works. [Nov 2009, p.104]"
The A.V. Club,74,"The project was, in fact, meant to be set to a stage show that never materialized, but the songs do mostly stand quite well in their own...sort of. [Fall 2009, p.94]"
Filter,71,"So many ways for it to go wrong, but instead it's a unique, catchy and lovably weird record, with highlights that could hold their own with the best indie singles of the year."
Paste Magazine,70,"Dead Man's Bones is a rickety exemplar of daring amaturism, in step with the duo's ineer-city-music-program pasts. [Fall 2009, p.57]"
PopMatters,69,"Dead Mans Bones is about death, right, and about love, testing where one touches the other, flirting with sensations similar and enduring the inability to confront or frankly deal with that intimacy. Had this record a thicker dramatic arc or something less confining than a spreadsheet of rules, then maybe the songs wouldnt so inevitably miss their obvious marks."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Hollywood brooder Ryan Gosling doesn't reverse the rule that actors make dubious pop musicians (see Keanu, Jared Leto, ScarJo), but his rickety collaboration with budding thespian Zach Shields has an undeniable dark charm."
Urb,60,"Is Dead Man's Bones' record necessarily as accomplished as either of the aforementioned? Maybe not. But when one half of your band is splitting his vocations by also brandishing his face onto big studio pieces of celluloid, it's still a mightily impressive debut."
Tiny Mix Tapes,58,"How you respond to this cloying, gothic preciousness will have everything to do with your personal tolerance level for things like rough-hewn songcraft and small children chanting about zombies. [16 Oct 2009, p.59]"

Drowned In Sound,83,"The reason we care is that she retains her spunk, tunes, and way with a phrase. And not only is she talented, she's really cute."
AllMusic,80,"The album's best cut, 'I Hate People,' is an unexpectedly bubbly May-December duet with Iggy Pop, but all of Break It Up ripples with raw power."
Mojo,80,"John Eatherlys almost never in her way, though: shes pugnacious and razor-sharp right from the outset of this often terrific, and sometimes surprising album."
Q Magazine,70,"Faced with a child star's dilemma of symbolizing infinite irresponsibility, Pearl dips into adulthood admirably on Break It Up."
Rolling Stone,60,"Pearl and Eatherly don't escape their past entirely on Break It Up, but they're well on their way to waving goodbye to it."
Slant Magazine,60,"The high points of Break It Up scratch the itch the in a way only a Be Your Own Pet album could, which is more or less the best compliment you could pay Break It Up."
Spin,60,"Break It Up is more Blondie than Black Flag. [Fall 2009, p.60]"
Dusted Magazine,50,"After blowing out of the gate with the blondie-tinted delight 'Ecstatic Appeal,' Pearl ends up coasting on fumes. [Nov 2009, p.114]"

Hot Press,80,"Intense and moving throughout, Six builds a fair amount of variation into its downbeat aesthetic."
cokemachineglow,80,"The album creeks through 13 unlucky tracks that range from minimalist, Leonard Cohen-esque piano dirges to demented waltzes with equal aplomb. [Nov 2009, p.109]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"The 13 songs on Six are rich and exquisitely constructed, perfectly-pitched baroque riffs and orchestration are juxtaposed with searingly compelling lyrical imagery."
musicOMH.com,75,"Although titles like 'Suicide' and 'Drugs' may seem a touch overt, the songs are not overwrought cliches."
New Musical Express (NME),72,"Jenkins and Pilot pianist Toby Nathaniel have churned out a series of sad, often moving albums, including this one. [Fall 2009, p.98]"
The Guardian,70,"Despite their tendency to wade dangrously close to parody, the Black Heart Procession's continuing themes of despair, gloom and doom are still what make them so appealing as they continue to defy their sunny upbringing."
The New York Times,70,"In the hands of a lesser band, Six could be depressive and trudging. But Jenkins and Nathaniel build this hellish world only to fill it with sweat-soaked fight songs against all those demons and devils. And in the end, they sound like they just might have survived."
Q Magazine,70,"Across 13 tracks, Black Heart Procession deftly positions its audience in a consistent and specific environment, allowing Six to be inherently dark and blasphemous and not just a dark and blasphemous album."
Mojo,66,"While, the Black Heart Procession does an excellent job of musically embodying October's primary mood, they'd do well to remember that it's a month made more bearable by the occasional flash of Indian summer."
Uncut,60,"Though its overall sound is depressing industrial indie rock with nods to Leonard Cohen, Marilyn Manson and Tool, Sixs varied instrumentation, catchy songs and emotional impact make for an interesting listen."
Paste Magazine,60,"Its strange to say, but the older the Black Heart Procession gets, and as their playing and instrumentation matures, their minds seems stuck in the past."
BBC Music,60,"More so than on predecessor The Spell, the Procession's ominous, gothic-baroque sound now suggest angular German Expressionist cinema and the raven wing atmospheres of Edgar Allan Poe as readily as The Bad Seeds. [Dec 2009, p. 94]"
Dusted Magazine,60,"The long-running project of Pall Jenkins and Tobias Nathaniel, also of venerable indie-rockers Three Mile Pilot, BHP peddle a slo-mo country gloom, songs of heartbreak and religious dread conducted at a desultory limp. [Dec 2009, p. 85]"
PopMatters,50,"At times this fascination with dark, eerie sulkiness can have a certain kind of weird charm; more commonly, it's a grating, self-serious masquerade."

Pitchfork,91,"Though Radioclit seems to draw production ideas from the already existent ether--largely the African-Western pop alliances of the 80s--that does nothing to take away from this fascinating and happy moment captured on record."
AllMusic,86,"It's a true global-pop album, and a hopeful template for things to come."
BBC Music,80,"When you consider the current crop of supposedly afrobeat influenced indie rock, Warm Heart Of Africa is, if youll excuse the pun, The Very Best."
musicOMH.com,80,"Naming a band The Very Best may seem like posturing, but on the evidence of Warm Heart Of Africa they're on to something."
The Guardian,80,"Malawis Esau Mwamwaya, however, is proof that even the Wests slickest and sickliest can be used well by inventive minds."
Under The Radar,80,"The live clips of the Very Best on YouTube suggest an almost chaotic stage presence, and this very easy-on-the-ear debut may inspire many imitators."
Clash Music,80,"Its all a part of the open exchange in the Afropop community that gives The Very Best their lush and addictive sound."
Drowned In Sound,80,"There may be a language barrier to be dealt with here, but the feelings of the songs here transcend all walls, real or perceived."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Cameos by Vampire Wekend's Ezra Keonig and Tamil rapper M.I.A. add to a joyous but knowing smorgasbord that will play equally well in a Lilongwe disco or Shoreditch/Brooklyn trend hole. [Oct 2009, p.107]"
AllMusic,80,"Warm Heart Of Africa works best when Radioclit subtly build on the rhythms of Mwamwaya's native kwassa kwassa. [Oct 2009, p.119]"
Q Magazine,70,"Ultimately, this set proves that the debut was no fluke, and this genre-bending meld of street traditions both East and West is capable of appealing to anyone with blood instead of sawdust in her/his veins."
Mojo,70,"The woozy slow-jam 'Julia,' among other tracks, proves the group's polyglot street jams are plenty catchy unassisted."
The Guardian,70,"The trios official debut further expands their musical palette to include triumphant synth rock (Chalo) and woozy G-funk (Julia)."
Q Magazine,70,"We're given a deeper record than some may've anticipated -- sonically, for sure--but more so The Very Best's debut stands up higher as document of seamless (and shameless) cultural convergence."
Dot Music,70,"Instead of approximating a hodgepodge of the 21st century's musical memes, this debut LP takes on a life of its own, authenticity snobs be damned. [Fall 2009, p.68]"
PopMatters,68,"While I never needed to hear the T-Pain Auto-Tune vocal effect in Chichewa, the beats and hooks on this collaboration between Malawian singer Esau Mwamwaya and London-based DJ/producer duo Radioclit are inventive enough to forgive the occasional overindulgence."
AllMusic,67,"It's upbeat and inspiring almost to a fault--the lilting, diamond-soul yelp of Vampire Weekend's Ezra Koenig holds its own on the Upper West Side Soweto of the title track--which also makes Warm Heart feel like some sort of Disney tourist attraction--enjoyable but not yet revelatory."
Prefix Magazine,60,"The multi-culturally correct Warm Heart Of Africa more than lives up to its title, Nsokoto and infectious Kamphopo being worth a place on anyone's shuffle. [Oct 2009, p.118]"
The A.V. Club,37,"Lack of body heat and dynamics aside, the ideas on Warm Heart of Africa are pretty strong, perhaps awaiting ironically fairer treatments in the hands of future remixers."

Mojo,75,"An often gorgeous and heartbreaking record, Wildlife is kept out of the canon of great growing-pains albums by some stagnant lyrics."
BBC Music,70,"Headlights' third album, Wildlife, is at once their most immediate album and also their most reserved-sounding and emotionally powerful."
Clash Music,64,"So Wildlife isn't exactly bursting at the seams with earworms, but it's a worthy achievement for taking a poignant, powerful emotional state and carrying its thread for 42 minutes."
musicOMH.com,60,"Though Wildlife is undoubtedly meditative in nature, the most solemn and somber album in the band's catalog thus far, one can also hear Headlights rising above, pulling itself up oyt of the emotional mire. [Fall 2009, p.58]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"It still feels like they have a bit more work to do before their albums are consistently exciting from start to finish. [Nov 2009, p.109]"
Slant Magazine,60,"The well-established indie-pop tricks get results, but are too unerringly calculated to have much distinct personality. Some big, billowy production would have helped."
Uncut,60,"In the gloomier, more experimental moments, Wildlife merely captures the sound of a band weathering growing pains that will hopefully pass with time."
Pitchfork,30,"Wildlife is nothing more than an album that sounds fine in the background--even at a volume you couldnt help but pay attention to--yet ultimately fails to make any kind of memorable impression."

Hot Press,80,"Somewhere Gone is a different animal from Cervenka's acoustic music of the late '80s and early '90s, at once simpler, riskier, and more confident, and it captures one of the great wild talents of her generation in strong and impressive form, still unafraid to take her talent in new directions after more than a quarter-century of blazing trails."
Under The Radar,80,"Unlike her previous solo release, it's all music, no spoken word (her other job is poet), though the lyrics are often good enough to make you sit up. [Dec 2009, p. 101]"
Spin,80,"Disarmingly playful, deceptively gripping, its songs at first seem wayward, erratic, but soon enough reveal their own internal title song. [Nov 2009, p. 83]"
Los Angeles Times,70,"Like the loss of a loved one, Somewhere Gone inspires fond memories of the good times while acknowledging that the world is full of less-than-good times, too."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Cervenka edits herself well on much the album, making Somewhere Gone a promising start to a new direction in her already storied career."
Boston Globe,50,"The bulk of Somewhere Gone brings to mind a bummed out, burned out Neko Case. [Nov 2009, p.109]"
No Ripcord,50,"The writing still can be vividly evocative, but the uninspired, folky arrangements make her words too easy to ignore."

Lost At Sea,82,"Things bog down a bit toward the end with the droning Tomorrow Never Knows homage of Lost In My Infinite Memory and the plodding title track, but the album still is a quick, concise listen, and may actually serve--after nearly 30 years--as this American originals most accessible yet."
Slant Magazine,80,"It's the extraordinary wealth of hooks that leave a lasting impression here: Is and Always Was is hugely fun and endlessly listenable."
Paste Magazine,75,"Is And Always Was is an energetic, accessible album, and while Johnstons shaky, sluggishly lisped vocals havent changed, he uses them confidently."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),71,"Johnston devotees will get a kick out of it, for sure--out of the successful merging of Johnston and a rich, full-band aesthetic, and just out of the sound of Johnston doing well and writing well, finally rocking out on the wide screen he's usually had to imagine."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Johnston's craft as a vocalist can rise to the level of Falkner's well-crafted soundscapes, he's going to sound out of place on his own albums if he keeps making records like Is and Always Was."
The A.V. Club,70,"Often brilliant, occasionally creepy songs such as the bitter toe-tapper 'Without You' and the optimistic six-minute epic 'Light of Day' aren't appreciably improved by the trappings, but still cut deeply"
musicOMH.com,70,"Falkner manages to set up a sort of production halfway house, which raises everything out of the bedroom, but still burrows deep to the tender core at the heart of Daniels songs."
PopMatters,70,"Revered outsider artist makes move on the mainstream."
No Ripcord,60,"Given that it's reassuring that he is writing and recording solo material again, it's disappointing that his fully finished renderings don't hold the same fascination as the sketches."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Johnston's first album in six years, Is and Always Was, is uniformaly listenable. [Holiday 2009, p.78]"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"With songs of fake rock 'n' roll, magical dogs, lost minds and love, this is pop with wobbly wheels and new found joy and optimism. [Dec 2009, p. 95]"
Chicago Tribune,60,"Bipolar Texan tunesmith Daniel Johnston will never be more than an acquired taste. [Dec 2009, p. 126]"
Pitchfork,60,"Here, courtesy of producer Jason Falkner, his curious rock 'n' roll songs are given a crisp, clean production, a belssing which sometimes threatens to expose the - how you say?  - idiosyncrasies of Johnston's singing. [Jan 2010, p. 115]"
Prefix Magazine,50,"The harsh truth makes itself clear: overdubs and studio pre-meditation trivialize Johnstons music."
cokemachineglow,40,"Personally, I wouldnt be that interested in going back to Is And Always Was (whats in a title?) again. For devout followers, not new converts."

Q Magazine,90,"The production is thick but elegant, applied with full knowledge that the songs could exist beautifully in a sparse acoustic-strummed daze, but that they deserve more than that."
NOW Magazine,83,"Carlile's third album, a polished collection of confessional rockers and twangy love songs, should help keep her momentum going. [16 Oct 2009, p.59]"
BBC Music,80,"Carlile still prefers sobriety to levity but it never feels affected; it's music that gets under your skin and cuts to the bone."
New Musical Express (NME),75,"Give Up the Ghost is another rich offering from this distinctive female talent."
Mojo,70,"Give Up the Ghost is evidence that not only is she one of the best singers in modern folk-rock music, but that she can write a potent set of songs every time out."
Sputnikmusic,70,"It's her dynamic performances and some inspired collaborators who understand her strengths--in addition to Rubin, Elton John livens up 'Caroline' with some rollicking, ragtime-y piano licks--that make Carlile's Ghost a worthwhile effort."

Clash Music,88,"It seems theyve found land for their sea legs, regaining footing with a more profound focus by the likes of Cambria Goodwin, whose vocals nod toward Rgine Chassagnes sadness and the haunting of Victoria Legrand."
The New York Times,83,"Again addressing themes of geographical and emotional isolation, Threadbare sounds like a band trying to find its place in the world, whether on land or at sea."
Alternative Press,80,"Threadbares generous, circular nature is to be applauded; its rare that studies of loss are as authentically moving and sensitively played as this--and even rarer theyre so completely endearing."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Quietly dazzling. [Nov 2009, p.100]"
Spin,80,"It's actually more satisfying as a piece, a folksy ambience lapping up against muted psychedelia and reverb'd pop. [Nov 2009, p.102]"
AllMusic,72,"The band has pretty much stayed the course, adding some orchestral flourishes to a few songs on new LP Threadbare, but generally hewing to its acoustic guitar/secular spiritual awakening formula."
The Guardian,70,"While the more upbeat tracks on Threadbare are competent and downright catchy, they're ultimately engulfed by the fog from which they were born."
Billboard.com,60,"It's full of strong supporting performances, but lacks the defining moment to pull it together."
Los Angeles Times,60,"If it doesn't quite scale the heights of 'All We Could Do Was Sing,' it surpasses its predecessor in terms of raw emotion. [Fall 2009, p.60]"
Rolling Stone,60,"Threadbare is a bit of a slog to get all the way through in one sitting. The simple addition of two or three more upbeat songs would have gone a long way to breaking up the albums monotony."
Boston Globe,60,"Whatever Port O'Brien went through over the last 12 months was evidently painful, yet it's upped their game considerably. [Nov 2009, p.111]"

Rock Sound,90,"Enemies of electronica will find the Osso album more accessible and entertaining than the Stevens original. Furthermore, Ossos titular connection with the American Dream/nightmare may ironically have more in common with Stevens most recent conceptual project the BQE than the BQE has with his own Enjoy Your Rabbit."
Under The Radar,80,"Ultimately theres a lot of beauty to behold on Run Rabbit Run."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Run Rabbit Run's ample highlights not only illustrate Osso's mastery of their string instruments but emphasize Stevens's incredible talent as a songwriter and arranger."
Billboard.com,77,"It's hard to know what Sufjan fanatics, who have been waiting four years now for a proper full-length follow-up to Illinois, will make of this one-off, but Run Rabbit Run serves as a welcome reminder that his curious, try-anything spirit is part of what got our attention in the first place."
Mojo,76,"Commissioned by Stevens and featuring the arrangements of six composers, Run Rabbit Run re-imagines the conceptual song cycle as a remarkably pliable and surprisingly tangible avant-garde composition, its crackling glitches and imposing synthesizers translated into gorgeous sweeping trills, scratchy bow scrapes and sweetly sighing refrains."
Drowned In Sound,70,"The resulting Run Rabbit Run dutifully re-creates its creator's hypnotic, quirky, and oddly sweet song cycle, and peppers it with enough dissonant bow slides and odd harmonics to please the avant-garde crowd while keeping the twee melodies intact for the casual indie pop fan."
BBC Music,58,"Its a lot of talent (among the arrangers gathered is Philip Glass protg Nico Muhly), and a little novelty--par for the course when it comes to Stevens."

Clash Music,80,"It remains to be seen if Music Go Music can succeed in a world where platinum selling artists align themselves with paganism and performance art; perhaps they are just too relentlessly chipper. However, it would be a crying shame if people didnt let Expressions light the dark corners of their heart at least once."
Uncut,80,"The forensic approach to recreating the airbrushed sounds of '70s AM pop ahs paid off--there's not a single weak track on this addictive, exceptionally polished LP. [Apr 2010, p.98]"
Alternative Press,80,"It's the contrast between lo-fi production and brilliant musicanship that makes Expressions special. [Apr 2010, p.116]"
Q Magazine,80,"It's knowingly derivative in parts, sure, but writing tracks that sound like pop standards isn't easy."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"Bells vocals are mountain-fresh like Frida and Agnethas and the songs theyve written are walloping feel-good anthems with the sort of cacophonous choruses that would knock Mika and The Feeling into the middle of next week."
Filter,72,"Admittedly, if you own MGM's three 12's, then there is nothing new for you here. And sure, there is something about Expressions that feels akin to listening to karoke--but with a voice like Meredith Metcalf's singing the sort of addicting, tangy melodies that her briny soprano was made for, even karaoke can be thrilling."
Pitchfork,70,"The result is a solid debut that immediately screams Abba, disco and guilty pleasure for the pre-ironic high school kids who dont realize they can play football and still get crazy on the dance floor to their parents wedding soundtrack."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"As much as you might want to hate Expressions for all its over-the-top posturing and fantastical fetishizing of both karaoke culture and Me Decade pomposity, you will love the beautiful noise Music Go Music bring to the table if you are feeling nostalgic for the days of butterfly collars, wood paneling, and Danny Terrio."
Slant Magazine,70,"Music Go Music has created the perfect pop song, played nine times over. Now bring on album number two."
musicOMH.com,60,"Whether its your thing or not, Music Go Musics blissed-out pop is, at the very least, well crafted."
AllMusic,60,"Theyve taken finest pop moments of the 70s and laid them out with all the retro flair of a fondue set."

No Ripcord,91,"With young contenders like The Gaslight Anthem hot on their heels, the members of Lucero have shown that they can still stretch, grow, and move forward--even while keeping a reverent eye on the rearview mirror."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"With its captivating set of beer-stained rockers and heartfelt ballads, 1372 Overton Park offers a triumphant example of gritty, sweaty, all-American music."
Under The Radar,80,"On their sixth, the band's sound finally matches their romantic ambitions."
PopMatters,80,"Ultimately, a surprisingly successful mood piece, theres a lot of fat to cut through--but this actually becomes one of the albums more winning attributes."
New Musical Express (NME),78,"Nichols still pleads brilliantly for outcasts and losers, and Overton is impressively tight, polished, and raw for a decade-old band."
Rock Sound,70,"1372 Overton Park is a fresh progression for Lucero that still retains their unpretentious Southern Charm. [Nov 2009, p.110]"
The A.V. Club,70,"With 1372 Overton Park, the walls of guitars are still there, but theres also a Memphis horn section, female backing vocals, plentiful lead guitar, piano, a few sensitive ballads, and plenty of southern hip swagger. And oh what a difference those things make, without losing the sense that this is still a Lucero record in the best sense of the word."
Filter,68,"Overton Park best reps its city when its not trying so hard. While Lucero couldve passed on the E Street saxes, Springsteens our-gang-versus-the-man mentality suits the band well."
PopMatters,50,"The only problem with 1372 Overton Park is, strangely Ben Nichols' lead vocals, which in this recording, feel unusally mannered. [Fall 2009, p.75]"

Prefix Magazine,80,"A welcome snapshot, for it is that, of the Brakes live experience, in which there is absolutely no padding, total passion and commitment, and the odd wistful aside away from the bluster."
BBC Music,70,"Pick Up The Phone and Hi How Are You are amusing bursts of irritation, but I Cant Stand To Stand Beside You and Whats In It For Me stand out, lost classics that could have snuck on to The Whos Live At Leeds (well, almost)."
No Ripcord,70,"The already apparent holes in some of the Brakes' tunes, which at their worst can seem little more than a stutter from Hamilton and a steady scrape from the band, do pop up occasionally; then again, they rarely overstay their welcome, as Dodelijk sneaks 20 tunes into just shy of 45 minutes, and in a way even help the good stuff kick harder in contrast."
musicOMH.com,70,"While a couple of the quieter standout tracks on 'Touchdown' are sorely missing, and might have made for a bit of welcome balance here, you cant argue with the fiery approach of Brakes live act evident on this document."

The Wire,80,"Yes, this is a collection of Tracks and Traces, meticulously edited in the late-90s, and again more recently, so that none of the musical ideas outstay their welcome--in this respect, its not quite an album, and when the less melodically surprising tracks fade out, you feel like youre moving along to the next case in the exhibit, whereas other albums by Cluster, Harmonia, or Cluster & Eno sustain a mood, and often a weird nervous energy, with their generally more urgent rhythms."
Drowned In Sound,80,"A synthetic/organic melting pot where experimental electronics meet birdsong and wind, Tracks and Traces is a Krautrock classic with a heavily mediated release history that renders it ultimately mysterious--the more music we hear, the further we get from what actually happened in that room."
Spin,80,"Tracks and Traces is an album that is wildly anodyne and relaxing, yet deeply unsettling and unfamiliar."
AllMusic,70,"The entire record coheres nicely into an impressionistic whole. [Fall 2009, p.70]"
Uncut,60,"Compositions range from the lengthy to just fragments, and while it feels at points more like a collection of sessions than necessarily a complete stand-alone album conceived as such, the end results are still well worth hearing."
Slant Magazine,60,"A valuable musical historical document of blissed-out reverie, yet more archival than transcendent, and far from the most welcoming introduction to the more accessible and engaging individual output of these electronic-music pioneers."

Pitchfork,80,"It's a breath of fiery air, then, that their latest is as close to a return to classic form as anyone could reasonably expect."
AllMusic,75,"This Walmart-only three-disc set--which includes a CD of rerecorded hits and a live DVD--should remind Hall of Fame voters that the recent nominees deserve consideration for far more than just Simmons' fire-breathing abilities."
Billboard.com,70,"Of course, substance is in the eye of the beholder, and the lyrics dont much stray from Kiss standbys such as partying, sex and, naturally, rock n roll. The results are appropriately direct and unambiguous."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Classic and maybe even a little awesome, Sonic Boom makes that 'hottest band in the world' tag much easier to swallow."
Rolling Stone,60,"Paul Stanley and Gene Simmons have knuckled down alongside relative newbies Eric Singer and Tommy Thayer to make a half-decent rock'n'roll record. [Nov 2009, p.90]"
BBC Music,60,"Will it provide decent accompaniment for a Gene Simmons blood-belching performance in a packed arena? This big, dumb, catchy record passes that test."
Boston Globe,50,"The 11 new songs, Kiss' first since 1998's 'Psycho Circus,' hardly deviate from the band's time-proven formula."
Los Angeles Times,40,"Paul Stanley's rock-as-motivational-address anthems fare a little better, but there's precious little inspiration."
Uncut,20,"They may still want to party every night, but it would take a Kiss Kasket full of Viagra to animate this limp cock rock. [Dec 2009, p. 116]"

musicOMH.com,90,"The Liberty Of Norton Folgate may just be the best thing they have ever recorded."
The Guardian,90,"The true testament to the value of that craft is that The Liberty of Norton Folgate is as rich and rewarding in its deluxe double-disc incarnation as it is in its simpler, single-disc set, something that speaks volumes to the extent of the band's unexpected revitalization here."
Q Magazine,90,"Older, wiser and with nothing to lose other than hair, Madness has gone and released an album thats virtually flawless."
Mojo,80,"Nutty Boys regain former glories in full."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Still totally themselves, Madness have made the album of their career. [Jun 2009, p.100]"
The Boston Phoenix,80,"The Liberty Of Norton Folgate--a title which makes sense in context but is otherwise unlikely to be jamming up the ringtone sites--is Madness in both their pomp and their prime."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"It all looks backward unabashedly--fitting for a band formed 30-plus years ago--but no less resonant."
Prefix Magazine,60,"The songs are wordy and disappointingly light on the knock 'em dead catchiness that was once their forte, but what The Liberty of Norton Folgate lacks in hit singles it makes up for in glorious ska/reggae arrangements and Suggs's perpetual chirpiness."
AllMusic,60,"Nutty Boys no more, Madness may be big men but, judging by this, not entirely out of shape. [Jun 2009, p.131]"
PopMatters,60,"An infectious love for their hometown and a sound that brings in soul, pop ballads, polka, Jamaica and Steely Dan makes this Wikipedia workout actually feel inclusive."
Alternative Press,50,"Musically, Madness still trade in pub singalongs powered by ska rhythms and music-hall jollity--but the jollity feels forced, and Suggs tired vocals suggest a man going through the motions."

Billboard.com,90,"Remarkably, with this astounding debut, an unassuming 21-year-old from SW2 has revitalised a forgotten form to make one of the finest forward-thinking British pop albums of recent memory."
NOW Magazine,88,"The result is as baleful and forlorn as most dance pop is swishy and effervescent."
Q Magazine,80,"Strangely moving robo-pop from hyped duo."
Uncut,80,"So far 2009 belongs to La Roux, the rest are just playing catch-up."
Pitchfork,80,"There's an intriguing synthetic wheeze lurking in the upper reaches of Jackson's vocal range. Those who feared this effect might pall over a whole album will find solace in the unexpected emotional intensity of her lower register."
Clash Music,80,"The influences may be retro, but La Roux use them as the starting point for something fresh. [Jul 2009, p.114]"
musicOMH.com,80,"Along with co-writer and fellow synth dude Ben Langmaid, she's ruling U.K. radio with splashy dance hits about sex and betrayal."
Uncut,80,"La Roux's dedication to their aesthetic makes this an album where the songs are variations on a theme, and on the rare occasion where the songwriting isn't razor-sharp, the style threatens to overtake the substance. However, that devotion also makes La Roux a standout, not just among the many other '80s revivalists, but the entire late-2000s pop landscape."
Urb,80,"La Rouxs selft-titled debut doesnt disappoint, pulling obvious influences from the Human League and Depeche Mode."
Mojo,70,"There is more than enough pop fuel here to maintain La Roux's unlikely momentum for a while."
BBC Music,70,"It's a promising sign La Roux might actually develop some range as this pilfer-pop duo continues to mature."
Drowned In Sound,60,"At the end of the day, this is just good pop music."
Filter,60,"There are plenty of songs here that sound like hits--not least 'Fascination,' on which Jackson's fragile voice floats affectingly over the bleeping electronics before another ridiculously catchy chorus erupts."
Pitchfork,60,"This is adequate debut, but La Roux will need to move beyond brittle pastiche if they hope to reinvent such overfamiliar ingredients. [Jul 2009, p.91]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Things dip slightly in the middle when Jackson's reedy vocals are exposed against a mid-tempo backing, but it's a minor quibble. [Jul 2009, p.98]"
Dusted Magazine,30,"Between the shrill, semi-anonymous voice of Elly Jackson, and Ben Langmaid's clunky paint-by-numbers beats, La Roux's eponymous debut already feels dated. [Fall 2009, p.74]"

BBC Music,90,"brand new eyes astonishes from start to finish. [Oct 2009, p.111]"
Dot Music,81,"Although the new set may lack the wide-eyed naivete that made the group's past efforts so endearing, the newfound maturity makes for a compelling set of songs."
musicOMH.com,80,"The upgrade is one of focus and intensity."
The Guardian,80,"Together [with producer Rob Cavallo] they broadened the bands dynamics without sacrificing momentum."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Brand New Eyes shows that they have the potential--now they've just got to live up to it and create the classic album the fans know they can make."
Slant Magazine,80,"This is a realisation, and an affirmation, of Paramore's musical craftmanship and potential longevity."
AllMusic,80,"With instantly infectious attitude and a seemingly unending supply of irresistible hooks, Brand New Eyes comes close to perfecting the emo-rock art."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Emo kids kick up a riot on surprisingly edgy third outing."
Mojo,70,"The anthemic, celebratory songs that made Riot! so appealing were largely absent, but the band found a new way to rock during those sessions, prizing catharsis and nuanced arrangements above the hooks of albums past."
Under The Radar,70,"Paramore is certainly a sharp enough unit that doesnt lack for energy, and Brand New Eyes features enough interesting ideas to take notice. All it needs is to double the ones it has, and itll be a band thats foolish to ignore."
Q Magazine,70,"Sure, the two slower tracks might make for a break in the relentless pace, but who needs the rest? If you just so happen to be one of the best in the up-tempo pop-smattered emo-punk game, why bother slowing down? For this lot, more is most certainly more."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"By sheer strength of will the band has salvaged an album that could have just been a derivative mess and created something pretty damn good in the process, and for that brand new eyes should be praised while we await something even greater from these boys (and girl)."
Pitchfork,63,"This is a trick the band deploy again and again, using darkness of tone and lyrical bent as a foil for their almost overbearingly ebullient trill."
Uncut,60,"Some of the sweeping moments blunt the band's fresh-faced immediacy--as if the cute kids from the sticks have had a hard ime turning pro."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"Rough edges, like the curt bathos of the lyrics (which repeatedly mistake brusqueness for wit), may be improved in the future. Either way, the band's music is already as catchy that of Fallout Boy, without nearly as much of the put-on faux-cleverness."
Dot Music,60,"Williams leads the five-piece throughout this charged-up record that rarely comes up for air."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Quality control dips during the last quarter, but this is a reassuring step forward. [Nov 2009, p.94]"
Billboard.com,60,"Brand New Eyes sounds like an energised romp through the diary of a small-town American gal--albeit one struggling to reconcile Christian views with the celebrity afforded by more than two million album sales. [Nov 2009, p.111]"

AllMusic,100,"Crash is easily A.F.I.'s best since 2003's 'Sing the Sorrow,' and the cheeky pop-punk chorus of 'Too Shy To Scream' is their first successful decree to boogie the night away."
Q Magazine,90,"In no uncertain terms, Crash Love is an accomplishment that raises the bar for them as musicians and writers."
Sputnikmusic,88,"The music of AFI wasn't always as daring as its fashion sense, but the NoCal band has grown with accelerating sophistication, stepping further beyond easy pop-punk thrashings to something grander, with music to match the mopey melodrama of Havok's words."
musicOMH.com,80,"Ultimately, AFI have lightened up the band's darkly-sexy vibe on Crash Love and delivered a yearning, perfect pop/rock crush of an album."
Spin,80,"With fewer studio effects and electronic twiddles, Crash Love is a simpler rock record than its US number one predecessor 'Decemberunderground.' If anything, it's better however, and shows that while fusing goth, punk and pop doesn't need to be rocket science, when AFI are involved it's very definitely an artform."
BBC Music,80,"Crash Love doesnt demand the listeners attention to the same degree as Decemberunderground did, but closer inspection reveals a more intricate and well-constructed album."
Clash Music,73,"Even though Crash Love isn't terribly progressive in scope and the band's '80s idolatry might one day run its course, the set is another highlight in a discography that's as consistent as it is expansive."
The Guardian,60,"Davey Havok builds lyrics around the vague concept of a souring relationship, and amid some fetching singalongs (the Cure-y, uptempo 'Veronica Sawyer Smokes'), he gets his dark mojo working."
Hot Press,60,"AFI may not be breaking new ground, but they never forget who listens hardest."
Mojo,42,"The limited palette this time around doesnt do the band any favors."
PopMatters,40,"The quartet's hardcore horror shtick has been homogenised to such an extent that this teen-friendly eigth release could soundtrack the next Twilight movie. [Nov 2009, p.101]"
The New York Times,30,"It's at the safest of removes; emote by rote, numbness by numbers."

Drowned In Sound,100,"Superfans may well die happy with this much concentrated Madge-estry: 36 tracks covering nearly every phase of her 25-year career. It all holds up surprisingly well."
Boston Globe,90,"The collection does a fine job of living up to the title--it's certainly a celebration of Madonna's career and includes some of the most celebratory and thrilling pop music ever created."
The A.V. Club,80,"It's a dizzying, nonchronological spin through the Madonna years, years it makes you feel lucky to be living through."
No Ripcord,80,"Okay, so the legitimacy of the song selection can, in this Cuisinart iteration, only be appraised on a case-by-case basis. How do the songs sound? And are the mixes definitive? Great and mostly, respectively."
Uncut,57,"There's a lot of remarkable music on Celebration--the work of an artist who's spent a quarter-century in a passionate body-lock with the question of what exactly makes pop music popular. She deserves a retrospective more interesting than this haphazard piece of contract-filling product."

Billboard.com,80,"A stunning return. [Oct 2009, p.116]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"While they'll never be mistaken for a feel-good band, there is a palpable sense of relief that they get to play together again as a band, and what's remarkable is that they still sound like themselves, capturing that weird murk halfway between '80s metal and '90s northwestern sludge, reminding us that we were missing something in their absence."
Boston Globe,80,"It is a legitimately excellent record that lives up to (and sometimes even exceeds) the song writing standards set by the band on 'Dirt' or 'Jar of Flies.'"
Rock Sound,76,"Some of the songs even stack up against the band's original catalogue."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),75,"DuVall, along with the rest of Alice In Chains, has turned a questionable career move into a moving tribute--and a shockingly decent album."
Rolling Stone,70,"While there are a few lulls, none are glaringly offensive, and the band builds up so much good will with the stronger material that its easy to surrender again to these Chains."
AllMusic,70,"When AiC hit home though, as they often do, Black Gives Way To Blue becomes the quiet triumph it set out to be."
Hot Press,70,"The band's classic, downtuned stomp could easily pass for an unreleased track from the 'Dirt' era and is sure to keep longtime fans feeling pleasantly dystopic."
cokemachineglow,70,"At heart, this is a back-to-basics album a la 'Death Magnetic' or R.E.M.s 'Accelerate;' not essential, but definitely worth a look."
Los Angeles Times,60,"A decent return, Alice mostly impresses despite the limiting permutations of their angst. [Nov 2009, p.94]"
Slant Magazine,60,"Now regrouped by leader Jerry Cantrell, the bands' sound is still full of menace, melody and doom, chock full of Cantrell's trademark heavy riffs. [Dec 2009, p. 85]"
PopMatters,50,"Theres still something oddly admirable about Alice In Chains stubborn refusal to change."
The New York Times,50,"What Black lacks are great tunes and a sense of can't-look-away drama."
Sputnikmusic,50,"As with latter efforts Jar of Flies and Alice in Chains, Black's most tender moments ('Private Hell') are its most essential. And while William DuVall is a serviceable Staley impressionist, this comeback would register with more purpose had guitarist Jerry Cantrell assumed the vocal lead."
NOW Magazine,40,"ew singer William DuVall spends half his time replicating Staleys nasal misanthropy and the other half buried by Cantrells vocals."

Boston Globe,96,"They've constructed something beautiful."
AllMusic,91,"Mostly it's the tunes that do the slamming. And though their lyrics may be too sincere for sophisticates, they're not sincere enough to suit the Avetts, a disconnect they'll tell you about."
Billboard.com,83,"Recalling Elton John or Ben Folds at his most Southern-sounding, I And Love And You deserves the larger audience it's been designed for, wrapping shamelessly sentimental, effortlessly beautiful songs in a warm, inviting mellow-rock package."
PopMatters,80,"While the Avett Brothers have had a productive run going on a decade, I and Love and You's new elegant musical direction and very strong set of new songs indicate that they are band that is indeed just getting revved up."
The A.V. Club,80,"With Rick Rubin at the helm, employing his trademark austerity but not overdoing the dryness, the group swings for the fences musically, lyrically, vocally, and emotionally. Its batting average is sterling."
American Songwriter,80,"This is an album of surprising tenderness, of intricate (and, importantly, memorable) melodies and deep emotions, and everyman ruminations on love and life that will surely connect with long-standing fans and newcomers alike."
Entertainment Weekly,77,"Packed front to back with lyrical treats and lovely sonic touches (thanks to producer Rick Rubin), I and Love and You may be one of the major labels' best pieces of news this fall."
AllMusic,75,"The Avett Brothers have hit upon a winning approach, and this album is another step in their taking it beyond the obvious."
BBC Music,70,"The result is an intimate, poignant album, laced with rich production that enhances, not clouds, the songwriting itself."
Dusted Magazine,70,"For their major-label debut, producer Rick Rubin has turned the group into a lush chamber-folk outfit. I and Love and You is packed with complex, piano-based beauties."
musicOMH.com,70,"More than anything, I and Love and You proves how miscast the Brothers were as folkies, because their ambitions are so much larger."
Q Magazine,66,"This is a minor stumble at a major plate, but no fear. The high here do well in drowning out the lows. [Fall 2009, p.92]"
Pitchfork,60,"With little in the way of banjo now, nearly every song comes steeped in acoustic piano, while the vocals are pitched to eke out every last chunk of substance from well-honed lyrics. [May 2010, p.93]"
The A.V. Club,60,"The finest moment may be when Laundry Room unexpectedly abandons the blueprint after three and half minutes and explodes into a thrilling bluegrass coda. At that moment, I and Love and You sounds like a band suddenly doing what they want to, rather than what they think they should."
cokemachineglow,60,"It's a grandiose (Rick Rubin produces), earnest affair that sheds the trio's earthy realness for a glossy veneer which is sometimes thrilling (the majestic 'And It Spread') but often, well, nothing more than an unconvincing stab at that most scary of concepts: mainstream country."
PopMatters,60,"Nonetheless, this is impressive, mainstream stuff. One hope their bluecollar heart will win out over their white collar power pop head. [May 2010, p.83]"
Prefix Magazine,58,"It's not that there's no room for such studio nuance in the Avetts' music, but it gives I and Love and You a quotidian sheen, making their signature sincerity seem sappy and much less special."
Under The Radar,40,"Despite its accomplished musicianship and polished production, however, I And Love And You feels like somewhat of a whimper after the highs of 'Emotionalism.' [Fall 2009, p.75]"

Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"While everything is kept at a smoulder--the words unclear, the tempos slow--this new Om album is anything but boring."
American Songwriter,80,"The religious theme intimated by the title ensures that there is more going on with each track than mere mindless dirge. [Nov 2009, p.99]"
Drowned In Sound,70,"No matter the new producer (Steve Albini), new label, or new percussionist (Emil Amos replacing Chris Hakius), Om's droning bass/drum take on heavy metal still resounds."
Uncut,70,"God is Good shows a clear effort to steer their boat past the Nile, past Yemen, and into new territory."
Alternative Press,70,"If more church music sounded like what Cisneros, Amos, and Albini achieve on God Is Good, then maybe those pews would be a little fuller, too."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"God is Good is a more confused creation, more like two EPs than a concerted record."
Revolver,60,"In general, the album is sequenced awkwardly. The first two tracks have vocals and are around 19 and seven minutes long, respectively."
BBC Music,50,"While Om is seeking some sort of transcendence through music, God is Good takes far too long to get started, rendering the second half too little too late."

Rock Sound,80,"This is a record to be drunk from deeply, preferably in solitude, along with a bottle of whatever makes you purr as warmly as Sandoval and her Inventions can--and evidently still do--at their best."
Sputnikmusic,80,"So, after eight long years, fans of Sandoval finally have something to be excited about, for Through the Devil Softly does not disappoint."
AllMusic,80,"Her husky drawl of a voice remains as precious and fragile as a chandelier, and it well suits these insidiously melodic, intimate songs. [Oct 2009, p.110]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Ill be listening to Through the Devil Softly for years to come."
NOW Magazine,80,"This is music to lose yourself in during the long cold winter nights."
The A.V. Club,70,"It sounds like it was worth the wait for Sandoval and O'Ciosoig and it's a welcome return for fans of her music, and also for fans of late-night, melancholy balladry that will break your heart and ease you gently into dreams."
No Ripcord,70,"Soft and slipper-shod as it may seem, there's a complex coldness to Sandoval's lyrical persona."
Paste Magazine,67,"There's no real standout track--no 'Fade Into You' for this decade--but it's a good listen while it lasts, a thing of slow, sad grace."
Pitchfork,60,"She purrs every song in slow motion--but given lyrics like 'We're like the roses/Stoned in the backyard,' that's probably the point."
musicOMH.com,60,"To most listeners, though, Through the Devil Softly will simply function as a collection of breathily perfect lullabies."
Clash Music,60,"Devil reveals itself slowly--very, very slowly--over repeated listens. [Fall 2009, p.66]"
PopMatters,60,"The lack of instruments coupled with Sandovals unvarying singing style lead to mind-wandering and reminiscing about her past work, like the killer hook she added to the Jesus and Mary Chains Sometimes Always."
Under The Radar,60,"Too much of the rest meanders through trickling streams of acoustic guitar and somnambulant vocals without ever detaining you for long. [Nov 2009, p.97]"
Urb,40,"Perplexingly, the arrangements are so sparse that there's not quite enough fully formed songs to carry the album off. [Nov 2009, p.112]"

Delusions of Adequacy,83,"Why There Are Mountains ends up being like any great result of wanderlust--here, the journey is the end not the means; fortunately, that gives Why There Are Mountains astounding replay value."
The Boston Phoenix,83,"Hes certainly not the first kid to see the death of innocence in a maelstrom of mail-order Marlboro memorabilia, but he might be the first to sing about it--heres hoping that future Cymbals Eat Guitars songs wrap such observations in similarly singular packaging."
Chicago Tribune,80,"These clattering seat-inducers plow through both rational song lengths and all hopes of a settling conclusion. [Oct 2009, p.110]"
Prefix Magazine,80,"Although Joe has now reverted to the boring DAgostino, the feral noise-pop his band creates is as vicious as ever."
Filter,80,"You could accuse Cymbals Eat Guitars of being derivative, but the idea is that all of these influences are broken down to component parts and then reassembled into something different. Some of the pieces are still recognisable, others disguised or twisted."
Billboard.com,80,"The sprawling complexity of Why There Are Mountains shows a remarkable balance between patience (the half-minute opening to 'Indiana') and an ADHD-like lack of adherence to staying on one track (everywhere, really, but especially 'Wind Phoenix')."
Spin,80,"CEG's debut mined the quintessentially American wells of 90s alt-rock and road-trip imagery to create one of the best first albums of 2009."
Alternative Press,75,"Cymbals Eat Guitars dont get drowned in homage, however; from the first explosive note to the last, Why There Are Mountains is a routinely rewarding album, with each listen revealing great new scenery."
The Guardian,75,"The good news is that Why There Are Mountains is polished and offers some strong songwriting while still leaving the band enough room to grow into something better."
Boston Globe,70,"Why There Are Mountains is plain pleasing indie rock--how it used to be, how its ceased to be since, at least in spirit."
Rolling Stone,70,"Never judge a book by its cover, they say, but with Cymbals Eat Guitars it's fine to do just that--the lush green grass and dense vegetation of their own artwork accurately reflected in their own music."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"While it's a policy of extremes that occasionally leaves little room for light and shade, it makes for an occasionally thrilling debut--ambitious, noisy and, most importantly, packed full of tunes. [Nov 2009, p.103]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Leader Joseph D'Agostino drops vowels with a schizoid, Malkmus-esque charm (somewhere between a meltdown and a bong pipe), while the band see-saw between going for the jugular and a surprisingly touching melodic tinkering. [Dec 2009, p. 90]"

AllMusic,90,"Sublime companion to kiddies book adaption from Yeah Yeah Yeahs frontwoman."
Dot Music,85,"No matter what music critics might say about the album, Karen O scores a direct hit in her most important demographic. That she was able to do it without pandering or obvious compromise is a tribute to her artistry."
Q Magazine,83,"Where the Wild Things Are, director Spike Jonze's surreal vision of childhood angst, has inspired an equally weird but altogether more joyous work from the Yeah Yeah Yeahs frontwoman."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Neither a straightforward score nor a collection of kid-friendly indie rock songs, it lies somewhere intriguingly in between--and it's just as good, if not better, than the music these artists make with their main projects."
XLR8r,80,"If it is indubitably more soundtrack album than bigshot solo debut, this record certainly provides irrefutable, definitive, official proof of Os talents as a songwriter in her own right."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Not tunes for kids: simply some of Karen O's sweetest songs yet. [Nov 2009, p.100]"
Slant Magazine,75,"Not surprisingly, given its origin, not everything here works as well on record as it does in the movie, where a meandering tune-fragment like 'Cliffs' adds emotional flesh to the minimalist bones of Jonze's story. Even then, though, there's that voice."
Sputnikmusic,75,"Though the tracks sound like theyre tied to another project, most could stand on their own."
cokemachineglow,70,"This soundtrack is a successful exercise in painting pictures with music."
Lost At Sea,70,"If there are occasional missteps (even for a soundtrack to a children's film, one song that hinges on spelling is plenty), Where the Wild Things Are stands as the rare soundtrack that's an essential listen."
Uncut,70,"She's made a fine, loud career out of channeling childlike abandon, and the rumbling acoustic guitars and schoolyard choruses (featuring the Yeah Yeah Yeahs guys, Deerhunter's Bradford Cox, and the Bird and the Bee's Greg Kurstin, among others) are both joyful and foreboding."
Mojo,70,"The soundtrack strikes a balance between riotous clamor and rueful contemplation, enlisting a lot of mallet percussion and vigorously strummed acoustic guitars."
The New York Times,70,"O is like a baby sitter who plays kids Joy Division records before lights out: kinda scary, but they'll wake up cooler in the morning."
BBC Music,70,"O does an excellent job accompanying the perpetual dawn and dusk of the film's photography with an organic, absolutely non-obtrusive series of interrelated songs."
Entertainment Weekly,68,"The Wild Things soundtrack boasts enough illuminating, atypical turns from Karen O that make it worth experiencing independent of its source."
Paste Magazine,60,"Where The Wild Things Are has much to offer fans of wide-eyed, unpretentious indie-pop, but I cant help but wish that sentiment could be applied to the soundtrack as a whole."

Billboard.com,80,"Seconds is a worthy successor to the classic Red Hash, but more than this, it is hopefully a new beginning for Higgins; god knows we need more songs like this in the world."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Even with so many strikes against it, however, Seconds manages to be a surprisingly compelling listen."
Q Magazine,60,"Despite a heavy reliance on acoustic guitar, the album never rests on one sound and feels fresh throughout. Unfortunately, the songs that shape all these solid sounds don't quite come together."
The Guardian,60,"'Demons' and 'Ten-Speed' show that Higgins' amber vocals and crisp guitar skills remain, but too much here floats by on a vague cloud of coffeehouse clichs."
Uncut,50,"Folk devotees may have a little more patience for the proceedings here, but I find it doubtful that Seconds will come as much of a revelation to anyone."
Clash Music,32,"Unfortunately, Seconds, Higgins' first album in 36 years, doesn't match the vitality of its backstory."

Spin,80,"Stein's endlessly engaging melodic style gives nods to Bowie and even Elvis, plus there's a sprinkling of psychedelic dynamism now and then, and a whole lot of songs about cars and girls. Absolutely terrific fun."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Fronted by Jonas Stein formerly of adolescent punks Be Your Own Pet--the missing link between the Monkees and Dead Kennedys--are every bit as spirited as his old band. [Dec 2009, p.117]"
AllMusic,70,"It was all too easy to brush aside Turbo Fruits when the band was doing straightforward, blues-tinged punk.  Echo Kid makes that less than possible."
Hot Press,64,"There's not a lick, hook, or lyric on Echo Kid that won't give you a feeling of deja vu, but the execution is strong and the music is pleasurable enough that it hardly matters."
BBC Music,60,"Even if they're not as rambunctious here as they were on their debut, Turbo Fruits' exuberance carries Echo Kid over most of its rough spots."
Rolling Stone,60,"Its not good, its not bad, its just what theyre doing, and they run it down with an unfettered zeal."
Sputnikmusic,60,"Surprisingly enjoyable party rock."
Dot Music,60,"Rising from the ashes of Nashville's junior punkers Be Your Own Pet, Echo Kid is a gloriously daffy collection of primal rock 'n' roll nuggets. [Dec 2009, p. 127]"
The A.V. Club,60,"Recorded in analogue, Echo Kid is his love letter to '70s AM rock radio. [Jan 2010, p. 93]"

Alternative Press,100,"There is an unassuming brilliance to much that they do and, as ever, We Used To Think The Freeway Sounded Like A River is a-bristle with finely-tooled detai."
NOW Magazine,80,"Such is Vlautins talent as a storyteller, conveying everything about his disparate cast of punch-drunk, liquor-soused losers with just a handful of sparse adjectives, that moments like this manage to feel genuinely gut-wrenching without ever coming across as remotely emo: he writes harrowing documentaries, not bed-wetting poetry."
Slant Magazine,80,"I dont care who you are, come up with an album title like that and you get a free pass."
Boston Globe,70,"So in summary if you are looking for an album that could almost double up as an engrossing series of short stories, with tales from the darker side of life and love, then you could certainly do worse than dip into this album."
Under The Radar,70,"A sustained masterpiece is unlikely. Instead, this is a record with only flashes of brilliance, but what flashes they are."

PopMatters,80,"Charitable largesse aside, it's a must-have for fans of anyone involved. [Sep 2009, p.98]"
Mojo,80,"The all-together family vibe permeates this unabashedly life-embracing album. [Sep 2009, p.83]"
No Ripcord,67,"The Sun Came Out, whether intentionally or not, is an album for singers, but often it's the music that elevates the songs and prevents even the slickest moments from falling into the AOR mire."
Pitchfork,67,"As usual with supergroupseven casual supergroups who cut albums in three weeks like this--no forceful voice dominates. That leads to a lot of creative pudding, but occasionally the chemistry works to break the pleasant, if rarely memorable, bunch-of-pals-having-an-after-hours-jam vibe."
musicOMH.com,60,"The songs across this double album arent always particularly memorable, but they feel suffused with the warm glow that obviously accompanied the recording process."

The New York Times,80,"Lyricwise everything is simple, ready for sing-along consumption and sometimes you can almost visualise that bouncing ball heading a long the bottom of some YouTube screen. [Feb 2010, p. 95]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"On Be Set Free, Langhorne Slim perfectly captures the lyrical simplicity of bygone times with straightforward lines like, I dont want to break your heart, but I probably will."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Be Set Free isn't a game-changing album so much as it confirms that Langhorne Slim's talent can work within a wider framework than he's used in the past and still honor his gifts, and it's an impressive, pleasurable work."
Austin Chronicle,70,"Be Set Free is the musical equivalent of a green bean casserole.  Its not going be anyones favorite dish at the table, but everyone, young and old, will want a second helping."
AllMusic,70,"In its lack of cleverness, the album has a certain wide-eyed innocence, and even the songs about hangovers show a generous perspective on life, of which music critics could do well to take note."
Slant Magazine,60,"Slim aims for the gut but usually ends up hitting the hips; either way, his relentlessly cloying lyrics ensure that Be Set Free is more suitable for soundtracks and square dances than headphones."
Urb,60,"An uneven listening experience, to put it mildly. [Feb 2010, p.90]"
Delusions of Adequacy,40,"With a bevy of rhymes and metaphors straight out of Poetry 101, Slim leaves no romantic cliche unsung. [Fall 2009, p.72]"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),40,"These are mediocre, and sometimes painfully inept, approximations of classic lovelorn folk tunes. At a short 38 minutes, the times arent changin fast enough."
Billboard.com,40,"While his fourth album shows he has learnt his way around a reasonable tune - opener Back To The Wild has a distinctive grace -  his lyrics can descend into trite cliche or inane observation ('Time it goes on/Life it goes by', 'you'd love to pretend you were right/But you're wrong') [Feb 2010, p. 108]"

Entertainment Weekly,88,"The spirited chants and intricate beats give Fools Gold unity, and the precision is inviting. They never break from their tight sound with a boldly original gesture, but theres no need to risk spoiling this fun set of songs."
The A.V. Club,80,"Fools Gold stretch Western pop templates out into African shapes; and this debut album belies their name by being a genuine gem."
BBC Music,80,"This new project is hardly a bandwagon-shaped whim. Instead, Fool's Gold, the album, has been made with genuine passion and a desire to pay homage to something its creators clearly love."
musicOMH.com,80,"Where Vampire Weekend sound like indie musicians who have embraced African music, Fool's Gold's leader Lewis Pesacov grew up listening to Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan as well as US pop, and his band's uplifting sound vibrates with love and kinship with the continent's music."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"It doesn't require a lyric translator to hear the exquisite sense of regret that permeates a song like 'Ha Dvash,' but the sheer exuberance of the music keeps spirits soaring. [Feb 2010, p.88]"
Rolling Stone,76,"The sounds of Touareg and Afrobeat and Ghanaian Highlife are rippling through the eight songs here, each a rollicking, warm reflection of appreciation."
Uncut,75,"Throughout its 43 minutes, Fools Gold has the air of the kind of effortless breeziness that comes with tossed-off side projects. But that vibe underscores the effectiveness of the album, which features multiple stylistic quirks that could lead Fools Gold in a variety of directions if they continue as a project."
NOW Magazine,70,"The first half connects the mind and the body equally, which is why they are such successful songs. The second half of is just body music and thats where it falls a little flat. Thats not to say it doesn't work at all."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Tribal chanting and desert parties meet drum machines and electrifying guitar riffs in an album that is consistently inventive, mesmerising and incredibly danceable."
Mojo,60,"Fools Gold might mine a rich vein, but they rarely forge anything more than mere tourist trinkets."
Sputnikmusic,60,"Their sound has life, culture and tiny details that could only be developed from a wide variation of instruments and worldly inspirations."
Q Magazine,60,"When a band takes that inspiration and --through performance, production, and a cantorial twist-makes it irresistable and uniquely their own, you can't do much else but shake it. [Fall 2009, p.62]"

Filter,80,"Ian Brown just keeps on getting better. As it stands, his way seems like the only way to go."
Pitchfork,80,"With his sixth release, Brown has become the UKs most consistently entertaining and often innovative solo artist."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Focused and fighting fit, My way is proof that at 46 Ian brown is nevertheless prepared to go all 15 rounds. [Nov 2009, p.108]"
The Boston Phoenix,80,"His exhilarating meld of hip hop beats and mesmeric grooves proves that should he reform his old band, it's not because he needs to. [Nov 2009, p.95]"
cokemachineglow,70,"Minor gripes aside, My Way is far better than anyone could have expected from a singer whose reputation is still judged by his musical contribution from 20 years ago."
Drowned In Sound,70,"This is a surprisingly engaging record that highlights Ian Brown as an underrated songwriter and arranger, and underscores the point that while his enthusiasm for creativity is as infectious as ever, Spike Island and its ilk are unlikely to be revisited in the forseeable future."
Under The Radar,60,"All shuffling beats and pub wisdom, it's same again for Brown's latest."
PopMatters,60,"As with the rest of My Way, highlights and lowlights alike, you listen to it struggling to think of anyone else who would do this. And perhaps that's the secret of the most mysterious continuing success story in rock."
No Ripcord,60,"Ian Brown follows an idiosyncratic path in keeping with My Ways title--mixing up the kind of heavily synthesised rhythms learned from Jamaican dancehall with a curious cover of Zager And Evans dystopian folk oddity 'In The Year 2525,' some insidious grooves and, on closer 'So High,' a somewhat wayward stab at soul."
Austin Chronicle,50,"For all its lofty goals and risky production decisions, the album runs out of steam with such sudden regression that it becomes impossible to advocate Brown's 'way.'"

Paste Magazine,80,"It is the sound of an introverted man reaching out to the workd and speaking uits language. [Oct 2009, p.102]"
The Guardian,80,"A lovely collection of blue-eyed soul that sets out its stall right from 'Take A Chance's' opening parry. [Nov 2009, p.104]"
Clash Music,80,"With the aid of some of the finest session musicians in Chicago, Hayes concocts a creamy rock'n'soul fantasy that answers the question: what if Jimmy Webb had teamed up with Thom Bell to write for Marc Bolan? [Oct 2009, p.98]"
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Here Hayes gives every instrument space to breathe, while creating a beautiful group sound that moves with all the lithe grace of 70s soul sides."
AllMusic,60,"For all that his songs brim with melodic invention, in the end style trumps content."
BBC Music,55,"He doesn't exactly break free on Bright Penny, but typical of Hayes, it's not for lack of trying."

Clash Music,80,"Faith takes every single ounce of her experiences and infuses them into her music. It results in one hell of a theatrical roller-coaster ride that holds attention from beginning to end."
Slant Magazine,60,"The overall mood of the album feels a bit broken and battered, but comes off too polished to let that feeling drive home."
Urb,60,"What sets her apart is a nasal, high-pitched quality to her voice, which puts a fresh spin on what is otherwise a familiar format by now. [Nov 2009, p.104]"
Drowned In Sound,40,"Her protestations of otherness ring hollow when her music is so specious and bland."
Uncut,40,"Her voice is a capable blend of vibrato and latterday R&B melisma, but also suggests a diffusion-range Amy Winehouse - something exacerbated as processed show-tune verses often leap into artless pop choruses. [Dec 2009, p. 96]"
NOW Magazine,30,"This time the Mickie Most-omatic (phasers set to Winehouse) has dredged up someone so inauthentic she makes Duffy look like Johnny Cash."

Mojo,90,"Shoniwa is both impulsive and precise: Every string-swept disco flourish or arena-rock guitar break heightens an unflappable poise that bypasses rote R&B melisma for soul-shaking celebration."
musicOMH.com,80,"If not quite the cohesive, brilliant whole it should be, Wild Young Hearts is an impressive sum of beautifully executed parts."
Billboard.com,80,"It's an LP wrought for enjoyment, and whichever peers it name-checks, whichever influences it acknowledges, it meets its remit with flair."
Q Magazine,80,"The perfect springtime record."
Paste Magazine,80,"The Noisettes have done a stylistic handbrake turn for the follow-up, and come up with an intoxicating blend of pop, soul and disco. [May 2009, p.116]"
Prefix Magazine,80,"They retain their idiosyncrasies and their sense of history, and its these things that give this record an identity of its own, and make the Noisettes so very easy to love."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Noisettes do two things exceedingly well: modernized girl-group soul and surging pop-rock, both of which are confidently and expertly handled on Wild Young Hearts, a very good album that falls just short of powerhouse status."
XLR8r,80,"The songs on Wild Young Hearts are well written, and the band is tight. They put me in the mind of Earl Greyhound, those three-piece sets that really work."
cokemachineglow,80,"Noisettes have stepped outside their comfort zone and into new musical territory. As a result, they have produced an album that accurately reflects their energy and personality."
Spin,75,"It's not a masterpiece, not a groundbreaker, but it's going to be somebody's favorite."
The New York Times,67,"No one's perfect, I guess, especially when they're trying to go from one-note to every note in the space of a single record. Sadly, though, that means that the dancier stuff, though I want to like it so much, is Wild's main casualty."
Boston Globe,65,"Frontwoman Shingai Shoniwa scales back her Billie Holiday persona but is no less a dominant presence, showing herself to be equally adept at giddy twee (Wild Young Hearts) and crackling synth-pop (Saturday) as she is girl group sing-alongs ."
PopMatters,62,"The trio establishes catchy lyrics and feet-tapping rhythms, but the words are plain and the beats sound too familiar to reach dance ecstasy."
Rolling Stone,60,"Wild Young Hearts shows a young band still unsure of what to do with itself (Brit-pop, Motown, electroclash, something else?) but sure that its lead singer is pretty great. And for now, thats working well enough."
Filter,50,"Leaving behind the soul-infused, gutter-punk leanings of their debut, this desperately craves the attentions of the MOR indie mainstream in a way so steeped in bathos that the over-produced sheen of the car-ad soundtracking title track shines less like superstar diamonds and more like sun off a bald mans head."
No Ripcord,50,"The musicians are capable, it sounds fine, the songs arent bad by any means. But none of those descriptions are exactly praise--only one or two songs stand out in my mind when Im not actively listening to the album, but active listening doesnt give back the kind rewards that we expect from the non-pop records that usually require it."

Pitchfork,100,"It's a Technicolor pop explosion designed for throwing your jazz hands into the air."
Under The Radar,91,"Mika has slapped together a pop-music patchwork capable of appealing to anyone whos ever liked a song on the radio."
New Musical Express (NME),88,"On The Boy Who Knew Too Much, this Beirut-born singer comes back strong with another set of over-the-top anthems that proves no one's more entitled to inherit Freddie Mercury's glam-god crown."
Hot Press,80,"Anyone who liked 'Life in Cartoon Motion's' bright, brash approach won't be disappointed by The Boy Who Knew Too Much--it's clear Mika knows exactly what he's doing."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Halfway into The Boy Who Knew Too Much, Mika is batting six for six into his technicolor outfield. By track 13, the last track, I want to congratulate Mika on exceeding the pop-tastic qualities of his debut."
Billboard.com,80,"This is as bold, daring and vibrant an album as we'll hear this year. [Oct 2009, p.106]"
BBC Music,80,"If you prefer your pop preternaturally gleeful, Mika is your man. The Boy Who Knew Too Much, his second kaleidoscopic pile-up, is chock-full of bright, brash anthems."
The Guardian,75,"On The Boy Who Knew Too Much, British piano-popper Mika tackles the popular songwriters' gristle of teen angst but filters it through a cracked technicolor symphony of show-tune harmonies, careening falsettos and deliciously manic productions."
Boston Globe,70,"Nixing the sappy bits that dampened his debut, he rewrites the hooks from your parents' favorite Bon Jovi/Belinda Carlisle hits into earnest proclamations of teenage eccentricity, then waves his jazz hands in naysayers' faces."
AllMusic,70,"Deeper and darker takes longer to charm, which is bad for singles, but should see the album's shelf life extend to long after Mika's novelty has worn off."
The New York Times,60,"Like its predecessor, The Boy Who Knew Too Much is an eclectic work, lurching between exuberant pop, vaudevillian knees-ups, disco and sombre ballads. Mika would probably describe the album as 'kaleidoscopic', but it can come across as scattershot and unfocused."
Mojo,60,"His serious moments are as hard to comprehend as a Chuckle Brother tackling a eulogy: you know he must feel emotion because he is a human being, but you are constantly expecting the arrival, stage right, of a pantomime cow."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Mika's faith in the campy excess of Freddie Mercury/Elton John-style pomp pop is bracing. But over the course of an album, the shtick's charm erodes."
musicOMH.com,60,"At the core of these songs are gleaming melodies that rarely fail to hit the mark, which is why even the single 'We Are Golden' is tolerable despite the best efforts of a gang of horribly exuberant kiddie backing singers."
Uncut,52,"By the time the pop-induced sugar rush wears off you realize that, besides being done before, these songs have definitely been done better. Worse yet, all you've got to show for it is a headache."
The A.V. Club,40,"But none of it recaptures the sheer commercial inevitability of his debut. [Nov 2009, p. 96]"
Clash Music,30,"Too much of Boy is the bad kind of theatrical, less an album than an aural assault."
No Ripcord,30,"'Cartoon Motion' was a nice moment for Mika, but this second album does not improve or advance what he did before. In fact, he seems to have regressed through his venture into childhood on The Boy Who Knew Too Much."

Pitchfork,80,"David Gray might not fit most people's definitions of a revolutionary artist, but he's effected his own startling transformation here."
Slant Magazine,75,"On his eighth studio album, Gray reclaims and reinvigorates his territory with Draw the Line, a polished yet ragged collection of complex love and exasperation melodies."
Q Magazine,60,"Draw the Line is essentially another cog in the folksy wheel he's been spinning since 'New Day at Midnight.'"
PopMatters,60,"The end result is a pleasing, intimate experience by no means out of context with the rest of Gray's catalogue."
The Guardian,60,"Although looser, Draw the Line doesn't reinvent the Gray wheel."
AllMusic,60,"The knock on Gray has always been that he's a bit boring, and Line, despite some genuinely nice moments and affecting vocal turns, isn't likely to change anyone's mind on that point."
Uncut,60,"Draw the Line makes rather beguiling listening as the nights begin to draw in."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Exuding vague disquiet rather than outright despair, the self-produced DRaw The Line freshens up the formula just enough to keep things interesting. [Oct 2009, p.108]"
Sputnikmusic,53,"British singer/songwriter David Gray last released a proper studio album in 2005. It was called 'Life in Slow Motion,' and it was lovely. It was also a complete waste of that title, which could be far more accurately applied to his syrupy new LP Draw the Line."
Under The Radar,40,"It's all tawdrily familiar. [Oct 2009, p.102]"

Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"Recovering emos Brand New have taken doing things their own way to the point of invisibility, but their journey into the widescreen ether continues with yet another breathtakingly accomplished record."
Pitchfork,88,"Daisy may lack the immediate accessibility of Brand New's previous efforts, but once it grows on you, good luck getting it out of your head."
cokemachineglow,80,"The sound is old-fashioned, but the fury is fresh."
PopMatters,80,"Brand New found a way to create a complete, effervescent album."
Alternative Press,75,"Not so much a cohesive statement as an investigation of future stylistic destinations."
Rock Sound,72,"Daisy demonstrates that Barnd New can remain forever sincere and massively intriguing composers. [Fall 2009, p.96]"
Drowned In Sound,70,"It's hard for many Brand New superfans to admit, but it's entirely possible that the band simply wrote a good album this time around, not a great one."
Prefix Magazine,70,"The quartet's fourth album avoids genre commonplaces with subtle shadings."
AllMusic,70,"While Daisy does have its share of issues, it is by no means a bad album. The fact is that it falls beneath Brand News lofty standards."
PopMatters,60,"Brand New may not be completely comfortable with the slow stuff, but Daisy's willingness to experiment is what makes the album so interesting, even as its furious rock songs continue to pack a punch."
Under The Radar,60,"Its certainly a digression from what they could easily have done, and that was something they, obviously, really needed and wanted to do. But it also feels like a regression from the promise and charm that they once exuded."
Pitchfork,60,"Brand New confronts listeners with an impressive variety of sound and fury, but, taken as individual songs or as a cohesive album, Daisy wants for the type of overarching vision that would hold the drama together. That's frustrating, but then again, this is the type of fierce and aching rock that sounds best when one is frustrated. So maybe that's the point."

Prefix Magazine,91,"Monsters Of Folk is a real pleasure, full of songs that are loose, catchy and likeable."
Uncut,89,"Traveling Wilburys-vibe results in an impressive coherence, and though they inhabit one another's songs expertly, these Monsters' genre-expanding combinations prove equally inspired."
Paste Magazine,80,"It's more jaunty nouveau Traveling Wilburys than folk rock summit as Bright Eyes' Conor Oberst, My Morning Jacket's Jim James and M Ward join forces."
Pitchfork,80,"With all four players clearly bringing out the best in each other, one hopes that Monsters of Folk makes for more than just a one-off side project."
Clash Music,80,"A mammoth 15-song package, MoF--despite occasional moments of country chugging--showcases the best of the four men's talents and influences."
Rolling Stone,80,"It would be hard to listen to Monsters of Folk and not hear a gorgeous album."
Uncut,80,"It is because of this collaborative rejuvenation that Monsters Of Folk is a worthwhile endeavour, a stirring album and an outfit that is as nourishing for its constituent members as they are for it."
Q Magazine,80,"When the music these guys create individually is already so great, why would anyone mind having it mixed together? [Oct 2009, p.106]"
The A.V. Club,80,"Monsters Of Folk haven't quite produced the great American record the title promises, but they're a pretty super group all the same. [Oct 2009, p.109]"
Uncut,80,"Monsters Of Folk ends as captiatingly as it starts. [Oct 2009, p.99]"
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Everyone shines--although James, whose lead vocals open and close the set, beams brightest, the eclecticism of My Morning Jacket's 2008 opus, Evil Urges, brought into sharper focus by the company. Sometimes too many cooks are precisely enough."
The Guardian,80,"This record is way better than we had any right to expect. [Oct 2009, p.99]"
AllMusic,78,"At times, it's difficult to differentiate who is singing, thanks to masterful producing by Bright Eyes' Mogis. When viewed less as a hipster supergroup and more as an old-fashioned song swap, Monsters of Folk live up to their hype and then some."
Q Magazine,75,"The players on Monsters of Folk complement each other extremely well. There is definitely something to be said for group chemistry. These songs dont always shine the way they could, but the album is a great effort."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Spread over 15 tracks, the combination wears thin at several points, and several songs feel more like their creator's solo work than a composite product. Monsters of Folk has moments on undeniable beauty, though, and when the musicians pitch their voices atop one another--as they do to notable effect on the gorgeous 'Slow Down Jo'-the benefits of teamwork are more than clear."
musicOMH.com,70,"This is not the story of lost faith that these thematic bookends seem to augur, but rather just a bunch of really good songs that have relatively little to do with each other."
Mojo,70,"Overall, there's a natural interplay between the players, and it lends the album a relaxed, easy-going vibe."
Los Angeles Times,70,"With only a couple of real missteps--that could have been eliminated by a less democratic division of songwriting labour to cut the tracklisting to a tighter 12 or 13 cuts--this first (and hopefully not last) Monsters Of Folk release happily proves that super-groups can be greater than the sum of individual parts, when kinship overrules  narcissism."
Billboard.com,70,"While each has expanded his sonic palette, they have all matured as songwriters and lyricists, and working togther showcase that maturity. [Fall 2009, p.59]"
Entertainment Weekly,69,"Rather than make a staid, serious statement album, the foursome keeps things loose and low-key, content to sound like postmillennial Traveling Wilburys but generally just being themselves."
Paste Magazine,65,"The opener is as intriguing as it is unexpected. It's just too bad, then, that the rest of the album continues to ask similar questions, but never again with the same vigor or innovation."
Spin,50,"Its a counterfactual, of course, but Ive got to think that Monsters of Folk circa 2005 would have come up with something a bit more substantive than this."
New Musical Express (NME),30,"Theres no sense of cohesion or flow between any of these songs, partially due to a clear lack of thought devoted to these conceits, but mostly because every M. Ward- and Conor Oberst-penned song sounds the same lately."

The New York Times,60,"When they stretch farthest away from their origins, as they do on the plodding power ballad 'Sudden Movements,' their sound takes a turn for the best."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Brendan OBrien, best known for his continuous work with Pearl Jam and Springsteen, takes over from Gavin Brown on Billys third s/t offering, and theres some noticeable dulling of the edges here."
Hot Press,50,"III is unspectacular, yet its laudable that Billy Talents chins to remain unencumbered by the ballbags of big business."
NOW Magazine,40,"It may not be an unpleasant listen, but it's a strangely soulless one. [Aug 2009, p.101]"
Q Magazine,40,"Maybe they should have bigger ambitions. [Spe 2009, p.79]"
Filter,40,"the overall tone of Billy Talent III is, at best, one of stagnation and, at worst, one of regression."
Pitchfork,20,"The intensity on Billy Talent III feels the same as the intensity of the band's live show, awkwardly forced and absolutely repellent."

The A.V. Club,100,"Studio majesty be darned, this could prove a modern classic regardless."
Alternative Press,91,"The canniness of Album's production choices and the scuzzy depression of the lyrics and the gut-level songwriting instincts, along with everything else about the record, add up to something elusive and fascinating--maybe even heartbreaking."
BBC Music,90,"Album is one of the years most bracing pop releases, and one of the best, a devastatingly fresh reframing of the pop songbook."
Rolling Stone,90,"Girls are genuine drop-outs, bona-fide freaks whove made a record far removed from the predictable cycles of the music industry. Now thats a real story."
PopMatters,90,"Created by two genuine outsiders and made with a refreshing lack of irony, Album is a welcome addition to the very best albums of 2009."
AllMusic,86,"Girls are poised to take their rightful place as one of the blog-crossover bands of 2009."
Slant Magazine,83,"Its better to approach Album not as what its title offers, but a collection of singles. These are the new rock n roll 45s, variations of the same sad pop song shone through the prism of a guy whos survived his own unique heartache."
No Ripcord,81,"Despite having ties to shitgaze, this isnt a record obsessed with that aesthetic, and this works to its advantage, since these songs clearly aspire to be bigger than that and have very real potential to be."
Uncut,80,"Girls' 2009 album (simply titled Album) actually proved itself worthy of the hype upon its release."
Mojo,80,"Its their frivolous experimentalism and willingness to toy with all aspects of the past that make Girls such an invitingly warm and honest proposition"
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"What makes Album so good, however, wont be a consensus opinion on whether or not its culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant. Itll be the personal associations brought to it by each person encountering Girls for the first time."
Chicago Tribune,80,"Album lurches bizarrely from the heart-rending to the goofy to the simply spaced-out, but what it lacks in polish it makes up for with buckets of charm."
Dot Music,80,"Even if Album doesnt turn out to be all its been made out to be by the reams of hype already bestowed upon it, its certainly working at the moment."
Under The Radar,80,"While not as fleshed out as some other remarkable debuts, Album is a fully realized personal vision."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Realised with friend Chet JR White in San Francisco on reel-to-reel tapes, the songs grab from Phil Spector, Beatles, Beach Boys, JAMC and Spiritualized, and are all the more enticing for it. [Jan 2010, p. 103]"
Austin Chronicle,70,"On Girls' debut, Christopher Owens' made peace with his past and crafted ace tunes to go with his tales of redemption."
cokemachineglow,70,"Girls are, at their most basic, a solid band of rock n roll reappropriators."
musicOMH.com,60,"Refashioning 60s pop for today's pilled-up generation? Not such a bad idea, as it happens, even if it is a bit Spiritualized."
The Guardian,60,"While the songwriting draws heavily on bigwigs such as Elvis Costello, Burt Bacharach and Brian Wilson, albeit ckloaked in layers of woozy production. This is its chief asset, providing a dark undertow. [Oct 2009, p.111]"
Sputnikmusic,60,"What potentially made Album exciting was that it seemed to understand that pop itself doesn't make sense, and that it can still work just as well with all the wrong notes in all the wrong order."
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"Dont get me wrong, Albums best songs (Lust for Life, Laura, and Hellhole Ratrace) are utterly essential, but take these out of the equation and theres really very little to get excited about. Unless you count the bands back-story, that is."
The A.V. Club,37,"Somehow, though, they forgot the crucial dollop of excitement or charisma, so we're left with an earful of directionless heartbreak and failure."

No Ripcord,100,"This is an excellent album that manages to be both a mature summary of an artists career and something completely fresh and new."
BBC Music,83,"The good news: Ono, as usual, doesnt need our approval--not just because shes rich and famous and fuck you, but because her music stands on its own."
Drowned In Sound,80,"This is a deeply focused, wonderfully colorful, and deeply expressive work that showcases a collaboration between mother and son and displays depth, strength, creativity in spades, and intense beauty."
musicOMH.com,80,"With this revised version of the band, that role has evolved. There are more reflective pieces characterized by subdued piano accompaniment, and occasional touches that make the rock music distinctive."
Slant Magazine,80,"Still challenging preconceptions (with son Sean and Cornelius joining the band), and tender with it, too. Easily the best LP to be released by a 76-year-old this month."
Prefix Magazine,80,"At 76, her music remains truly vital: unsettling, touching, funny, undeniable."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Lightest Ono album ever? Probably. Heaviest avant-pop from a 76-year-old mainstream pariah/underground innovator? Hell, yeah!"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"Lennon would be proud. [Oct 2009, p.114]"
Austin Chronicle,80,"Between My Head And The Sky is an intriuing record, crackling with an excitement that most new artists would struggle to generate. [Oct 2009, p.97]"
Los Angeles Times,73,"Between My Head and the Sky becomes a bit of a muddle in the middle, with Plastic Ono Band's free-form approach yielding less satisfying results. [...But it] simmers down considerably in its closing third, shifting away from boisterous band jams toward meditative tone poems and piano pieces."
Pitchfork,60,"Love her or hate her, Between My Head And The Sky isn't terrible. Yoko Ono is still in the game, and if it's possible to find a deeper meaning to lyrics like 'Why is [the elephant] so big/ He says because you're small honey,' then more power to her."

Billboard.com,90,"When it closes with the eerie, smoky gospel influenced Youlagy, you know its fantastic and you know youve found the most breathtakingly beautiful album this year."
cokemachineglow,83,"Despite the looseness and the grab-bag approach, the best of the songs on Unmap feel right as rain, like these weird mash-ups were there all along, just waiting to be discovered."
Entertainment Weekly,82,"The record is too weird to turn heads in quite the same meteoric fashion that Emma did but is a nice addition to Vernons canon and an indicator of just how high he can let his freak flag wave and still sound just like himself."
Lost At Sea,80,"'Seeplymouth' is a complex and beautiful song, and one that displays the talents of all the collaborators in Volcano Choir. A lot of people were enamored of 'For Emma, Forever Ago' last year; theyll be well rewarded if Justin Vernons involvement leads them to Unmap."
Paste Magazine,80,"Perhaps itll never earn For Emmas unrivaled reputation as being music to hang your hearts and dreams upon, but its a dynamic batch of aural wilderness to get lost in. So wander on."
Spin,80,"The music of Unmap ticks with signature twists and sounds, things that suggest Justin Vernon could be a national treasure on the lines of Neil Young or Elliott Smith instead of the heartbroken one hit wonder that some might have expected."
Dusted Magazine,80,"That it is a beautifully realised set of textures and sounds certainly helps, as does the fact that its keenly abstract, exploratory bent makes any attempted comparisons with his debut album practically meaningless."
Boston Globe,78,"Layered, atmospheric and melodic, each song takes its time and builds effortlessly into the next, creating an ethereal experience that intensifies with each listen. [Fall 2009, p.106]"
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Despite being a solid, sometimes gorgeous album of songs from a very well-matched collaboration of artists, Unmaps ultimate effect will be whetting appetites everywhere for the next Bon Iver record."
NOW Magazine,70,"Here were given a respite from Bon Ivers heavy crises while still loving on Bon Iver; here, Volcano Choir is inevitably weightless--a pretty happy band with a pretty happy album."
PopMatters,67,"Unmap seems to have been constructed more for the head than the soul, making it easier to admire for its boldly uncommercial audacity than love for its actual music."
The Guardian,60,"Despite the occasional flaws, the album shows that Vernon (along with the guys in Collections of Colonies of Bees) has not only the desire to branch out but also the necessary skills."
Uncut,60,"Both thrilling and baffling, the nine tracks prove that Vernon's appeal lies in his otherworldly sound, not in his broken heart."
Dot Music,60,"If the results are sometimes insubstantial, they can also be richly atmospheric. [Oct 2009, p.118]"
Q Magazine,60,"It is uneasy listening. [Oct 2009, p.107]"
Rolling Stone,60,"Unmap transcends such mood geometrics thanks to Vernon's mostly wordless incantations. [Oct 2009, p.99]"
Under The Radar,55,"Unmap is the definition of a vanity project, except theres not much vanity in doing an electronic record that is inferior to the original music either group has made on their own."
AllMusic,50,"It desperately needs some kind of visual accompaniment to, at least, add a cinematic legitimacy to the sound's sporadic mood swings. Worthwhile? Probably. But the world waits for the proper return of Bon Iver."
Chicago Tribune,40,"Volcano Choir is asking various musical questions here, and the overall answer is yes, there does come a point where things fall apart. [Fall 2009, p.68]"

Hot Press,90,"It is quietly passionate, graceful, elegant, utterly moving, and unequivocally beautiful in its honesty and sophistication. He's realized an ambition here that is artful and singular."
Clash Music,80,"Truelove's Gutter is yet another showcase for Hawley's subtle genius. Every sound on the album, from the notes to the vocals, is warming and rich with sensations."
Mojo,80,"Ghostly cries from the musical saw and ondes Martenot bring an element of eeriness and adventure--yet it's hard to escape a niggling feeling that Hawley is here polishing a formula, even falling back on cliche, in his continuing quest to make the local and homely sound lushly romantic."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"Trueloves Gutter is a winner for his fans."
Q Magazine,80,"Truelove's Gutter is a beautiful album. [Oct 2009, p.113]"
BBC Music,80,"With Truelove's Gutter, Hawley stands at the other side of his beloved city's bridge, leading the charge for the welcome return of pop that demands your full attention to get the best out of it."
Spin,80,"From what initially seemed like a limited palette, Richard Hawley has produced a masterpiece of tonal space that demands full concentration."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Truelove's Gutter ranks right up there with the rest of his vastly underrated catalog; it's as ambitious as it is simple, elegant as it is morose. [Fall 2009, p.92]"
Alternative Press,80,"The alien instrumentation here is systematic rather than fundamental--atmospheric colour that shows Hawley's current mindset rather than confirming some fundamental musical shift. [Oct 2009, p.94]"
musicOMH.com,80,"Hawley has masterfully crafted a sparse and darker affair that proves to be his most challenging set to date. [Fall 2009, p.62]"
Rolling Stone,80,"Hawley has made an exceptionally perfect album with Trueloves Gutter: its endearing, uplifting and absolutely beautiful, what else could you ask for?"
AllMusic,80,"The album is a crumbling beauty."
PopMatters,70,"As a whole it's a musically and lyrically a beautiful reflection on the less than smooth course life can take. But it is not recommended listening if youre going through a rough break-up or are feeling generally sad, unless weeping yourself senseless is your aim."
Dot Music,70,"Trueloves Gutter abandons the lush strings and complex production of previous work for a more straightforward style, and the results bring to mind the honest, plainspoken albums that Cash and Jones recorded in the mid-70s."
Slant Magazine,67,"An album like this, filled with longing and a bit of resignation, may be an uneasy fit for today's mood of uncertainty and diminished opportunities. Hawley's mined a specific vein of emotion for years, and it's a testament to his skill that his hyper-local focus maintains such a broad appeal."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Sixth album Truelove's Gutter is his best, thanks to easing back on the twanging guitar and ads for his native Sheffield in favour of more universally minded tunes, the finest of which, the 10-minute Remorse Code, edges into ambient territory."
Pitchfork,60,"It's a given that Gutter, like the ex-Pulp sideman's five previous shimmering, sepia-toned solo albums, has moments of heartbreaking beauty. Too bad those moments are outnumbered by a reliance on secondhand lyrical conceits (songbirds, shipwrecks) and drifting arrangements."
AllMusic,60,"Throughout, his mellowness of tone is the album's defining feature. Miraculously, thanks to the minutiae of the arrangements, it's a sound that never becomes one dimensional. [Oct 2009, p.96]"

Drowned In Sound,80,"Its a fitting near-farewell for this disarmingly tender and enjoyable album."
musicOMH.com,80,"It is indeed a credit to all involved that this album sounds as ego-less and cohesive as it does. The performances throughout also retain a loose, lived-in quality that strikes an even balance between purposeful songwriting and the pleasant surprises of in-studio mistakes."
BBC Music,80,"The bands' unselfconscious appreciation of each other brings something more: a buoyant confidence that infuses every subtly orchestrated note."
Clash Music,80,"It's quite lovely, and manages to be simultaneously mournful and innocent-sounding. [Oct 2009, p.106]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Geographic's signature--naive oreintal pop meets introverted occidental indie--is bewitchingly realised here in 12 gossamer songs. [Nov 2009, p.101]"
Q Magazine,70,"Sure, it is unfocussed and diffuse in places, but it still succeeds in deploying the several and varied voices of its collaborating creators to produce something that ultimately just about hangs together with a valiant, if tattered sort of coherence."
Pitchfork,61,"Sometimes, the result is as frail and lovely as worn lace; sometimes it's just threadbare."
Filter,50,"Overall, Two Sunsets' twee pop aesthetics lattice into a misty, pastoral inertness."

The A.V. Club,91,"Each maintains a newfound cool, which must be the result of Islands principal dudes realizing that they could live without one another, but that theyre far deadlier songwriters together."
Billboard.com,87,"This whole album is good, just know that up front."
Dot Music,80,"Where 'Arms Way' was mostly excess without limit, Vapours is tightly-controlled, yet still roiling beneath the surface."
The Wire,80,"Vapours gives Thorburn fans what theyve wanted for a while: a great album of pop bliss from a guy who for too long has avoided delivering just that."
NOW Magazine,80,"Vapours isnt just a welcome addition to the bands collection but its a welcoming album filled with tremendously rich highs, blunt and honest lyrics, melodic music and captivating hooks."
Under The Radar,80,"Vapours dutifully recognizes the playful history of the group and, with the re-addition of drummer Jamie Thompson, is sure to appease followers and win over new listeners."
Uncut,80,"Vapours benefits from its willingness to engage its detractors, tighten up its muscles, revel in the strengths of its songwriting and show yet another angle to the music of Islands."
PopMatters,78,"Though there is an overall whiff of the 1980s about Vapours, it sidesteps the traps of either sounding trendily vintage or indistinguishable from the rest of today's Reagan-era impostors. It works best, however, to think of the album as a return to 'Return to the Sea,' only, as its title suggests, in a hazier, less opaque form."
Mojo,70,"Showing more than a trace of the bombast of Arm's Way, a couple of songs like 'Drums' and 'Shining' collapse under their own weight and are the only things that keep Vapours from being Islands' best work. Still, this is a welcome return to form for the band."
Billboard.com,70,"He's created the 'good, good pop record' he threatened with 'Arm's Way,' wisely getting out of his own way and letting the simple but undeniable pleasures of the Motownish title track, the synth-happy '80s pastiche 'Tender Torture' and his latest Brian Wilson homage, 'On Foreigner,' with its massed Beach Boys harmonies, shine through."
Q Magazine,70,"Call it Nick Diamonds Gets His Groove Back. Former Unicorn Nick Thorburn went a bit dark and dreary on 2008's 'Arm's Way,' but with Vapours, the transplanted New Yorker relearns his playfulness."
The Guardian,59,"Earlier pieces that amused or excited the listener have given way to more approachable sounds constantly on the verge of blending in completely. While seldom bad and almost wholly listenable, Vapours proves to be a bland disappointment from a group of usually creative musicians."
Uncut,50,"Vapours doesn't offer listeners much of anything new. [Fall 2009, p.64]"

Entertainment Weekly,80,"Freed from Torquil Campbell's mannered indie melodrama, she gives full rein to her inner country girl. [Jan 2010, p. 121]"
AllMusic,75,"The music lover in Millan finds that stability in other peoples songs."
Rock Sound,70,"Millan's 'plain jane' delivery may be occasionally sleep inducing, but it's comfort, not boredom that delivers the serotonin."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"None of this ever feels oppressive because of Ms. Millans light touch as a singer."
Revolver,68,"Backed by friends Leslie Feist, Liam O'Neil and Evan Cranley, to name a few, Millan proves to be an intimate and arrow-like songwriter. [Fall 2009, p.102]"
AllMusic,60,"Her sound sure is pretty, but it doesnt hook you in the way, say, Cat Powers self-destruction does."
Sputnikmusic,60,"In comparison, the second solo album from Broken Social Scene/Stars vocalist Amy Millan can't help but seem just a little routine. [Jan 2010, p. 126]"
Alternative Press,60,"The songs barely disturb the dust in the room as they gently tip-toe about, Millan's lazy drawl far less deliberate than the clipped enunciation she often exercises on Stars' chamber pop. [Feb 2010, p. 102]"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),50,"Masters of the Burial lacks the character to be more than the sum of its lovely parts: fiddles, regret, and a pretty voice."
AllMusic,50,"While the inclusion of cover songs proves that Millan's writing abilities are more than adequate--or at least adequate enough to stand amongst her peers-- it inadvertently highlights how her delivery leaves something to be desired."
Sputnikmusic,50,"Like a lot of great records, Masters Of The Burial is minimally arranged, slowly performed and quietly recorded; but there's never a spark here because Millan doesn't give enough of herself to it."

Rock Sound,80,"Rain Machine is an introspective album that rings more of Malone's earlier influences than of boundary pushing inventiveness--but that's not a bad thing."
PopMatters,80,"Rain Machine doesnt have TVOTRs Berlin Wall of Sound might, but its still an accomplished work."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"Rain Machine gives Malone an appealingly mellow yet resolutely independent identity for his solo music; even if it may not be for fans of his other projects' more accessible material, it's nice to hear a full album of what he can do on his own."
Paste Magazine,70,"There are moments when the album loses its focus and blurs into extended jamming that doesnt go anywhere particularly exciting, although Malone mostly manages to keep those tendencies in check."
The A.V. Club,70,"There's an ardent emotionlism here that would make Otis Redding seem calm in comparison. [Fall 2009, p.106]"
Pitchfork,70,"Half of its as good as anything TVOTR have ever done."
Filter,60,"Rather like Red Hot Chili Pepper John Frusciante's solo work,  Malone pootles around the margins of commerciality, nodding to the avant mischief of Buthole Surfers and engaging folksy clatter of Devandra Banhart, while on Driftwood Heart the vocals are almost oepratic. [Dec 2009, p. 120]"
No Ripcord,60,"But those with the gumption to take this record on will certainly come out of it knowing they've listened to something, and you can't fault Malone for putting himself out there. [Dec 2009, p. 94]"
Under The Radar,60,"The only thing lacking is a sense of rhythmic discipline, without which these overlong - and occasionally overwrought  - songs can tend towards the self-indulgent. [Jan 2010, p. 123]"
Uncut,50,"Rain Machine feels like a greater disappointment when you realize that Malone has had at least a decade to produce enough quality songs to fill an album."
BBC Music,40,"It's an uneven album, often too earnest to be clever, which will leave listeners missing the strength and humor of his other work. [Fall 2009, p.65]"

Mojo,90,"It has been a long wait for a British album like this, the kind that transcends age group appeal and inspires cool kids to form bands and geeky kids to lose themselves in music's history."
The Guardian,82,"A Brief History of Love is a study in the enormity of sound doing just that, each reverbed kick drum, phasers-on-stun guitar, and wastrel vocal refuting the idea that you need to talk about the passion to express it."
Q Magazine,80,"Its this ability that makes The Big Pink so special for, beneath the dissonance, the artful posturing and the pop hooks is something far more enduring: these guys have got a soul and theyre not afraid to bare it."
musicOMH.com,80,"A Brief History of Love is a dazzlingly good debut, carefully mixing guitars and electronics in densely layered and carefully textured songs."
American Songwriter,80,"What it lacks in orginality, it makes up for in sky-filling exhilaration. [Oct 2009, p.107]"
Boston Globe,80,"A Brief History Of Love is a gloriously suffocating maelstrom of bass, guitar, and electro beats. [Fall 2009, p.61]"
Prefix Magazine,80,"The Big Pink's A Brief History of Love is exactly the kind of album I wish had existed when I was 14. That's not a dig at the record; one of the more special things that a group can do musically is create a sound that appeals both to teenagers and adults."
PopMatters,79,"While A Brief History of Love isnt quite capable of recapturing the rush upon hearing Bittersweet Symphony or This is Music for the first time, the Big Pinks reverence towards those songs and their era and everything they represented is extremely well executed. And greatly appreciated."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"A Brief History of Love is a strong, sometimes really, really good debut, and a nice addition to the shoegaze canon."
The New York Times,70,"For an outfit who've been heralded as the industry's great white hopes of 2009, The Big Pink undoubtedly have several moments of pure genius here, but ultimately, A Brief History Of Love lacks the consistency to elevate it from the status of a good debut album to that of a great one."
AllMusic,70,"The Big Pinks A Brief History of Love will elicit a response of some kind. Its just that kind of album."
Dusted Magazine,70,"This makes for a solid and sporadically impressive debut that next time could maybe stand to step out of the studio and let the raw force of their music stand on its own."
NOW Magazine,70,"The lyrics feel a bit tossed off, but they don't get in the way--that wall of fuzz is good for something."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Their debut is built from old Chapterhouse records."
Rolling Stone,60,"There's nothing quite as forward looking here. [Oct 2009, p.102]"
The Boston Phoenix,60,"A bleak and occasionally beautiful debut. [Oct 2009,p.102]"
musicOMH.com,50,"Earthbound offering from hyped to the heavens duo."
Billboard.com,50,"Its ambitions far exceed its ideas, and the record is sunk by the kind of sonic bloat normally reserved for self-regarding sophomore releases."
Filter,40,"A real carnival of a mess, completely inconsistent, sometimes really horrifying, and, more often than not, entertaining."

New Musical Express (NME),80,"Theres a certain kind of magic going on here and it needs to be accounted for."
Urb,80,"This fifth album is an abstract fuzz of Floydian oddness and gothic not-quite-country. [Nov 2009, p.102]"
American Songwriter,75,"Texas Rose, The Thaw and The Beasts is the closest Raposa has come to a straight country record. But he doesn't come that close, as all these players steer him further out on tangents rather than towards the middle. And the record is all the better for it."
AllMusic,75,"Texas Rose is moody and layered, and Raposa is adept at creating a world that is deep, enveloping, and enticing."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Deeply individualistic, dark and woebegotten, one cant help but root for his continued presence seemingly regardless of his efforts."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Plaintive, spare, and narrative in approach, these songs--which seem to bookend the album--are among Raposas most affecting."
Uncut,68,"Overall, Texas Rose, the Thaw, and the Beasts is a good mood record, a midnight opus that sounds great while it's playing but doesn't much travel with the listener beyond its runtime."
Mojo,60,"Texas Rose is markedly similar in this regard and consequently another chapter in Raposas development as an artist that is beginning to seem more a journey that is less for us, and more for him."
Q Magazine,60,"If 'City Of Refuge' unfolded like a Calexico album produced by Jim O'Rourke, Texas Rose, with its bold re-imaging of the old-time country idiom, has more in common with 'Van Lear Rose.'"
The A.V. Club,60,"Orthodoxy is dispensed with here, with varible results. [Nov 2009, p.103]"

Pitchfork,91,"New Leaves--Kinsellas fifth full-length as Owen--was influenced by marriage and fatherhood, and even if he overindulges now and again (if his bones feel old in his early 30s, imagine how theyll feel at 50), it proves that emo can grow up and still sound wonderfully relevant."
BBC Music,90,"New Leaves may tackle some subtle rites of passage - small in scope but difficult for most men to deal with--but theyre approached with such delicate grace, its hard to question that this may be Kinsellas finest hour yet."
Delusions of Adequacy,85,"Don't mistake the softness for weakness. While nothing is as biting as the aging hipster takedown 'Femme Fatale' (from his 2006 set 'At Home With Owen'), he pulls out the knives and slices pseudo-intellectuals on 'A Trenchant Critique.'"
Dusted Magazine,80,"New Leaves benfits from Kinsells'a vibrant looping and somber monotone lyricism. [Nov 2009]"
Prefix Magazine,76,"Whether constantly questioning or dismissively venting, Kinsella's got a true and clever wit to complement his writer eye and musician's ear. [Fall 2009, p.96]"
Slant Magazine,60,"As emotionally impenetrable as the instruments are, Kinsellas own inner song remains even more obscured by uncharacteristically opaque lyrics."
NOW Magazine,50,"His immensely understated fifth release as Owen may not be the sharp turn he needs, but it's a hummable start. [Fall 2009, p.72]"

The Boston Phoenix,81,"Born Again Revisited is a deeply rewarding record and a worthy entry in a pretty stellar catalog."
Drowned In Sound,80,"For now there is enough energy and excitement in the sound and presentation to make Born Again Revisited sound just as fresh and invigorating as 'Rip It Off.'"
Pitchfork,80,"Its a great record, but its as if the band made a pledge to skronk--a collective aesthetic noise decision."
AllMusic,80,"The trio have delivered thier most tuneful collection yet. [Oct 2009, p.106]"
BBC Music,75,"Born Again Revisited is brimming with catchy choruses, expert song craft, and a few honest-to-goodness fist-pumping anthems. And this time around, your eardrums remain intact."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Times New Viking neither regress nor abandon their origins, offering instead a compromise where the harsh timbres commingle with increasingly more adept proclivities for memorable pop songs."
PopMatters,60,"Don't get me wrong, this isn't an Emperor's New Clothes review, just an expression of concern: there aren't enough reasons for casual listeners to come back to this."
Prefix Magazine,60,"TNVs latest rises above previous efforts thanks to anthemic No Time, No Hope, which might jog memories of a barely coherent Lou Reed."
Slant Magazine,60,"If the audio quality is a mite cleaner this time, it seems the band have made the songs a little more prickly. [Oct 2009, p.112]"
The Guardian,55,"For an album so brazenly loud it leaves little impression; as a record supposedly about statements, it makes very few intelligibly. Most inexcusably, it lacks imagination."
Tiny Mix Tapes,50,"They show that they can write sloppy songs with real hooks and something to bop along to. Something that rarely happens thereafter, unfortunately."
Mojo,50,"Avant-rockers make shameless play for the aging Generation X market."
musicOMH.com,50,"If this album were about four songs shorter, you could hear its beat better."
Filter,40,"Some of the dissonant shouts would still be rough on the ears with cleaner production, but at least it'd be possible to hear what was going on. [Fall 2009, p.67]"
The Boston Phoenix,40,"Most bands are simply prolonging the genres decline by playing insensibly catchy pop under the sonic crust weve come to know it for. Failing either, were left with the dull ad nauseums of the musical record. And that, in a sentence, is Born Again Revisited."

The A.V. Club,100,"Chesnutt put out his first solo album 19 years ago, yet At The Cuts jarringly personal songs hit new peaks."
Paste Magazine,87,"While Skitter on Take-Off is a great album, At the Cut is a brilliant one."
Dusted Magazine,80,"At the Cut isn't as great a surprise as 'North Star Deserter,' but if you thought the brilliance of that album was a happy accident, this confirms these musicians complement each other very well and hopefully will continue to do so for a long time to come."
Q Magazine,80,"A collection of cobwebbed country and chamber-pop spiked with dark wit, it peaks with 'Flirted With You All My Life', a dialogue with the reaper that Chesnutt handles with impressive dignity. [Nov 2009, p. 83]"
cokemachineglow,72,"The restraint of the musicians involved leaves Chesnutt's fragility at the center of the music and lends the album an air of refinement and wisdom that could have easily been drowned out by guitarists more eager to call attention to themselves."
Uncut,70,"The musicians on the album--eight in total including Vic--seesaw between country, folk and indulgent Seventies rock, never reinventing wheels but generally giving the lyrical matter its appropriate platform."
Rock Sound,70,"Reprising the underground all-star lineup from Chesnutts 2007 opus 'North Star Deserter' (Fugazis Guy Picciotto, members of Godspeed You! Black Emperor and Silver Mt. Zion) yields similar results."
Under The Radar,60,"Vic Chesnutt has consistently astounded. At The Cut is thankfully no exception. [Fall 2009, p.72]"
The Guardian,60,"A more effective synergy arrives as the musicians rein in the melodrama, proffering a subtler, shimmering folk rock canvas for Chesnutt's emotional daubings. [Nov 2009, p.91]"

musicOMH.com,83,"The Forget tracks I Became A Prostitute, Seven Years Of Letters, and The Neighbours Cant Breathe show a band capable of muscling up without losing a fascination with fragile, fleeting moments."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"The delicacy and epic sweep of the Twilight Sad's first album is missed occasionally on Forget the Night Ahead, but the progress they've made is fascinating--and rewarding--to hear."
The A.V. Club,80,"Forget the Night Ahead is a resoundingly superb follow-up to that same 2007 album."
Uncut,80,"A darker set altogether, through more direct than its predecessor, Forget The Night Ahead manages to marry both crushing noise and sparse elegance. [Nov 2009, p.100]"
Q Magazine,73,"With follow-up Forget the Night Ahead, Graham takes his cryptic musings into a pitch-black place, but he still connects enough to make all the fraught drama worthwhile."
AllMusic,70,"Having set ridiculously high standards in the past both on record and in the flesh, Forget The Night Ahead hovers above the line marked average rather than the higher echelons of greatness its creators undoubtedly strove to achieve."
BBC Music,70,"The Twilight Sads second proper album is an encouraging step in the wrong direction. Perhaps the sensory overload of these recordings will encourage a more conservative route in the future."
PopMatters,70,"Its the vividness of the lyrical themes and rich, poetic words that ultimately carries the record over, but unfortunately so much attention is paid to crafting the perfect setting for Grahams brooding lyrics that they all too often become lost, a nuisance among an overly eager wall of sound."
Pitchfork,70,"The acoustic slide guitar that opened 'Fourteen Autumns' could have broken up some of this monotony. But its powerful monotony. It begs you to listen to it."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Forget The Night Ahead is far from a paint-by-numbers Twilight Sad effort. [Fall 2009, p.100]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Forget The Night Ahead is the reassertion of The Twilight Sad's brutal art. But reassertion can so easily slide into repetition, as is occasionally the case here."
Mojo,60,"Its a different darkness this time out from the Twilight Sad, but eventually you still find yourself missing the light."
Uncut,60,"The tempestuous atmosphere is too imposing not to impress; and yet, this isn't an entirely satisfactory album."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Their heart is evident; they need to find their voice. [Oct 2009, p.115]"
Dusted Magazine,60,"I remember listening to the new songs and really enjoying them, but wishing the sound wasnt so thick and muddy sounding. Its a production problem that plagues this album all over."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Compellingly bleak is a tough mood to sustain, however, and tracks sucj as 'Interrupted' edge them toward generic stadium territory. [Nov 2009, p.112]"
New Musical Express (NME),50,"Despite some genuinely striking imagery, Forget The Night Ahead can't help but feel like a disappointment after the band's thrilling debut. [Fall 2009, p.67]"
AllMusic,50,"Moments of transcendence occasionally emerge from the murk, but not often enough."

Pitchfork,82,"Mashing up hypnotic chants, beguiling banjo licks, head-spinning melodies and sonic tomfoolery, these 11 cinematic songs are the pseudo-psychedelic soundtrack to a most wonderful dream."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Family shows that Le Loup have really come into their own since the release of their 2007 debut."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Family is a work of purpose, from a band whose previously wandering attention-spans rendered any chance of artistic success accidental."
No Ripcord,80,"Family offers up a musical experiment that is simultaneously familiar and exotic. [Fall 2009, p.64]"
BBC Music,80,"Family is an excellent album. Le Loup hasnt altered their original goal and purpose, instead theyve added new collections and theyve even improved on some of the earlier problems from their debut."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"The opaque nature of Family makes it seem like a prime candidate for remixes with a touch more bite, but as it is, this is a record to fill those times when Panda Bear seems just a little too raucous."
Clash Music,60,"Even if the overall effect here isn't terribly original, there are still plenty of nice touches spread throughout these tracks to suggest Le Loup holds the potential to become more than an amalgam of well-regarded influences."
musicOMH.com,60,"After a very strong first half, Family starts to get a little shaky in the home stretch."
Sputnikmusic,60,"Negotiate the idea that you're eavesdropping on a social anthropology seminar and ther are thrills to be had. [Nov 2009, p.110]"

AllMusic,80,"kee is simply a fantastic listen that showcases Wainwright as both a showman and a deeply creative songwriter with a superb knack for live performance."
Drowned In Sound,80,"He may be an acquired taste--with a salacious grandiosity thats bound to be divisive among music fans--but as Milwaukee at Last!!! proudly displays, Rufus Wainwright is one of pop musics most rewarding and indelible voices for those who give him the time and chance to let his charms enchant you."
The Guardian,72,"Milwaukee at Last!!! only seems broader than it is: Almost every track, it turns out, is from Release the Stars, and the audience doesn't seem to mind."
Q Magazine,70,"As a bite-size CV of the last five years of his career, its pretty good."
Pitchfork,60,"The rather prissy album versions are given room to breathe and take on a rather more energetic cabaret feel. [Nov 2009, p.109]"
cokemachineglow,40,"Overall, there's nothing much here for even Wainwright obsessives to get excited about. Buy it as a companion for the far superior DVD, or if you're desperate for a souvenir of the Release The Stars tour. Otherwise, this is strictly for completists only."

Uncut,100,"The two CDs move forward with an eerie dread and romantic wonder; violin, piano, bass, celeste, cello creating an alternate wordless narrative to normal Cave blather. [Oct 2009, p.115]"
PopMatters,92,"While disc two rounds out the duo's footprint upon several documentaries, what makes Cave and Ellis' scores unique is their doppelganger ability to stand alone without the films, while the films largely lean upon these audible landscapes as a means of storytelling. [Fall 2009, p.91]"
Prefix Magazine,80,"A compilation of soundtrack pieces shouldn't work on paper, but these evocative tracks stand up well after being separated from their original context."
The A.V. Club,80,"Alongside collaborator Warren Ellis [Nick Cave has] mastered the subdued, unobtrusive yet sinister piano ripple and the occasional unsettling rumble, gilding them with rare, understated vocals."
Pitchfork,80,"In the hands of many other artists, White Lunar would be a career-high achievement. Its testament to Cave and Ellis ongoing relevance that it can be released with relatively minimal fanfare--presumably with the knowledge that its merely the tip of a mighty, mighty iceberg."
AllMusic,80,"The sounds themselves are cinematic in scope, making for a rewarding listening experience and a very fine album overall."
Dusted Magazine,76,"This doesn't eclipse their non-soundtrack work by any stretch of the imagination, and it occasionally lapses into texture that longs for its visual component, but by and large it's an involving listen that telegraphs a sense of emotional and geographic space. It's good to have it all in one place."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Its the latter comradely pursuits that this new 2CD compilation attempts to put into a comfortable package for those who just cant get enough from the twosome, or need a roadmap to understand where it leads into their better-known works; which it just about succeeds in doing."
PopMatters,60,"Without hearing it in alongside the images that accompany it, its hard to pass judgment on Cave and Elliss music."
Uncut,60,"White Lunar showcases both what can and can't be accomplished by separating musical scores from the visuals that inspired them. Cave and Ellis seem more at home in smaller films. Music that is part of the historic and epic film needs that film in order to makes sense."

Rolling Stone,80,"Higher Than The Stars is a fitting way to end 2009 for one of the most exciting bands to emerge this year, and more importantly, hints that The Pains Of Being Pure At Heart may be capable of even greater things in 2010."
Alternative Press,80,"It helps to show Pains not as period fetishists, but instead a group of indie-pop aesthetes who seem to be able to operate comfortably within several different subdivisions of the genre."
No Ripcord,75,"These four new songs are impeccably recorded, and frontman Kip Berman's voice sounds so intimate and close it's as if he's whispering a secret into your ear."
Paste Magazine,70,"The title track is a sweet, decidely New Romantic slice of synth-pop, with a beautiful bridge that will have crowds shouting 'in the back of my mother's car.' [Fall 2009, p.73]"
Billboard.com,60,"This EP marks a vital point in POBPAH's artistic development, a chance to see that they aren't willing to just sit back and repeat themselves. It's a pretty good listen, too."
Drowned In Sound,60,"The Pains are unquestionably good at what they do. It's just that the dreamy Scandopop thing is rife, and this band don't really bring anything new to the table."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"What I am saying is that the songs on this EP already feel old, excavated from the self-titled record and surgically removed from the romanticized 80s."

The Boston Phoenix,70,"The resulting tunes are lush, but few are truly dense, and White Water's biggest asset is its ability to wield such a large sound without replacing the woodsy, cozy feel of Church's solo performances."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Sea Wolf's second effort, now realized by a more traditional band lineup brought together during a few years of touring behind his previous record, extends the reach of Church's pastoral folk sketches."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"If youre up for stepping into an alternate, folk-rock inspired universe, Sea Wolf is deserving of an ear. White Water, White Bloom is an amazing step for Sea Wolf, ranking near if not at the top of Alex Churchs musical accomplishments."
Delusions of Adequacy,50,"I can't deny Church is a solid craftsman capable of cranking out extremely inviting pop-rock hooks, but this ground is so well-trod that it's hard to find anything to get even a little bit excited about here unless you're relatively new to indie-rock patronage."

Prefix Magazine,80,"It's less of an issue to find an epochal band among them and more of one to find a band that is consistently a pleasure to listen to in its own right. Well into a decade's worth of performances and recording, Early Day Miners manage that feat again on their sixth album, The Treatment."
musicOMH.com,80,"While this is a poppier, more finely polished rendering of their sound, this is also a magnificent culmination of everything Early Day Miners have been working toward and perfecting throughout the duration of their career."
Sputnikmusic,60,"The songs have cool, memorable hooks and great guitar textures, but an overarching lack of enthusiasm hurts even their strongest material."
The Guardian,60,"In spite of its shortcomings, The Treatment, much like your slacker buddy, is guaranteed to provide a pleasant evening's entertainment. [Fall 2009, p.62]"
New Musical Express (NME),56,"It's rarely boring, and often full of promise, but it's a direction that calls for further tweaks, experiments, and exploration to get the balance just right."

Boston Globe,100,"The lightness and dexterity of the playing throughout Backspacer, and of Vedder's hard-driving, often playful vocals, come from Pearl Jam's members taking this music seriously, honing in and nailing it."
Paste Magazine,90,"Backspacer is the bands most mature album to date and clocking in at just over 36 minutes, it is also their most condensed work; Its as if Pearl Jam is channeling Ernest Hemingway, with not a wasted breath or note anywhere to be found."
Alternative Press,90,"Prior to Backspacer, Pearl Jam wouldn't or couldn't have made music this unfettered, unapologetically assured, casual, and, yes, fun."
Rolling Stone,90,"Backspacer, the bands ninth studio album [is] one of its most cohesive and satisfying in terms of brevity, crisp production, and a sharp focus."
AllMusic,81,"The whole album has a pleasurable mix of lean, mean rock'n'roll and pensive ballads that reflect both the state of the world and the band's place in it."
Rock Sound,80,"Backspacer, Pearl Jam's ninth album, backspaces to that boyish spirit, with the shortest, tightest, punkiest tunes they've ever banged out."
Uncut,80,"For the first time in years, Pearl Jam are seizing the moment rather than wallowing in it."
American Songwriter,80,"The commitment that Vedder brings to all this material, from the rowdiest thrashing to the schmaltziest ballad makes this feel like a unified and ultimately convincing project. [Oct 2009, p.90]"
Billboard.com,80,"This is a record made by mature men with perspective: full of reflection and eclecticism, finding space for both U2 guitar motifs and Buzzcocks solos."
The A.V. Club,80,"Its a set of 11 concise songs in 37 minutes that are mostly fast, loud, sinewy and live sounding."
cokemachineglow,80,"For the first time in their 19-year career, Pearl Jam actually sound--whisper it--fun. [Oct 2009, p.119]"
Filter,80,"'Just Breathe,' 'Amongst The Waves' and 'The End' make this one of Pearl jam's most satisfying albums. [Oct 2009, p.96]"
BBC Music,75,"The album grows same-y, but tracks like the surfing-as-life-metaphor anthem 'Amongst the Waves' do indeed make something old feel, if not new, good again."
Slant Magazine,75,"Though it doesnt hit with the same force as the early singles to which every future Pearl Jam anthem will be compared, its an oxygen rush nonetheless--one worth hoping for and high-fiving to when they unleash it live."
Dot Music,70,"This is Pearl Jams 'fun' record, a disc that was likely just as exciting as [to] record as it is to listen to."
Austin Chronicle,70,"Backspacer is very much calculated to sound the way it sounds, and suggesting Pearl Jam have lost anything would be premature. Ultimately theres no point fretting about the future when contemplating a record thats so very much a celebration of the moment."
Lost At Sea,70,"Pearl Jam's ninth album sounds a lot more optimistic and positive than the band ever has. More importantly, Backspacer sees Pearl Jam finally escape the slump they fell into with 'Binaural' nine years ago."
Chicago Tribune,70,"When Pearl Jam shocked the world with Ten and Vs, there would have been few that believed the band were capable of an album such as Backspacer--an ostensibly traditional rock album that, at times, feels contented and at others strays close to emotional equity. The shock this time is that they nearly pull it off."
Los Angeles Times,68,"A little more effort at the end would have been appreciated, but so long as youre content with paying full price for whats essentially twenty-eight minutes of listenable music, Backspacer works as a fun little rock nroll record."
Pitchfork,60,"Outside of a filmic context and stamped with the name Pearl Jam, several of the songs fall flat, dragging down an otherwise upbeat and enjoyable release."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Theres a casual feel to this recording that generally works in its favour. Nothing sounds too laboured, and you get the feeling that they banged out the tunes quickly in an attempt to capture some live urgency. On the downside, the unpretentious approach often borders on unambitious."
Spin,60,"Ultimately at this point, the songs that I'm most attracted to are still the slower, more intuitive weepers showcasing Vedder's voice, and alas, such simplicity is scarce on Backspacer."
PopMatters,50,"I still root for Pearl Jam, and listen to each of their albums with the hope that I'll get the same charge I did from Ten and Vs., and perhaps the greatest testament to Backspacer is that it's the most difficult album in a long time to immediately dismiss."
Under The Radar,46,"Virtually the whole record settles into the same formula the band's been dutifully churning out since the dawn of the millennium."

Mojo,80,"Drummer is a bonafide indie rock, shoegaze venture, but with a real knack for melodies and, well... rhythm."
Q Magazine,75,"Despite the band name, the album is a guitar-driven record, relying primarily on Stillman's dexterous fretwork to lead the quintet in and out of geometric jams that sound vaguely prog-metal in origin."
The A.V. Club,65,"Together, which was recorded during a period of lengthy down time for all parties earlier this year, is the sound of five guys bro-ing down, drinking beers and recording an album. Its not the deepest thing ever recorded, but it is a fun little record that bears no pretense of seriousness."
Drowned In Sound,60,"The echoey vocals recall Nineties shoegazers like Ride, and the instrumental breaks suggest quality time has been spent with Pavement's Slanted and Enchanted."

PopMatters,100,"By breathing life into Richey Edwards's own last words, his friends have crafted not a memorial but a celebration. [Jun 2009, p.120]"
Mojo,90,"Journal for Plague Lovers winds up being The Holy Bible in reverse: every moment of despair is a reason to keep on living instead of an excuse to pack it all in."
BBC Music,90,"Overall, Journal For Plague Lovers is a strident comeback that would have been a worthy direct successor to 'The Holy Bible' had circumstances been different."
New Musical Express (NME),81,"Nobody who has ever had some semblance of an interest in this band should ignore Journal For Plague Lovers, which is simply far more awesome than anyone had a right to expect."
The Guardian,80,"Journal For Plague Lovers is an outstanding album in its own right and is not 'The Holy Bible.' But then again, what is?"
Dot Music,80,"Not just a dignified salute to an absent friend, but a cracking album in its own right."
Slant Magazine,80,"So while Journal for Plague Lovers doesnt quite match up to The Holy Bible, essentially it doesnt need to."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Forgoing the arena-rock of recent years for something close to the barbed punk of their 'Holy Bible' era--though less disjointed this time, and studded with hooks you could hang a feather boa from--they've made a complex but very listenable record."
Hot Press,80,"This is also a brave, compelling record that stands shoulder to shoulder with the Manics best."
Pitchfork,80,"This is something unique, often flawed and often flooring, and as fine and fitting a memorial for its lyricist as could be imagined."
Filter,80,"Richey Edwards has his words set to the best music his bandmates have made since their last album together. [Jun 2009, p.97]"
Q Magazine,80,"With Journal for Plague Lovers, it feels like Manic Street Preachers have finally closed the door on a painful chapter in their career and, rather fittingly, theyve done it with some aplomb."
The Boston Phoenix,78,"Even if it were the desperate or cynical move some people have claimed it is, there's no denying that purging Edwards' old lyric folder has helped the band create its best album in a decade."
Chicago Tribune,78,"To date, this is as close to their masterpiece, The Holy Bible, as they've ever come. [Fall 2009, p.92]"
AllMusic,70,"Manics mine Richeys last words for a return to the heart of darkness."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"It's a shade better than Send Away The Tigers, itself heralded as a return to form, and in a year that hasn't really been anything special so far for straight-ahead rock, this is a standout."
musicOMH.com,70,"Journal resurrects the hunger and desperation that was the Manics' initial driving force, and in the process gives them a sense of purpose. [Fall 2009, p.64]"
Uncut,60,"Disjointed, imperfect, tender and raw, at the final reckoning it sits as a fitting epitaph."

Spin,60,"The fact that the end results sound similar to Go's machine-made rivals proves to be a double-edged sword, however, both attracting fans for its genuine approach and repelling others for its similarity to manufactured pop."
PopMatters,60,"Singing in a light, yearning voice (and, you imagine, clasping his aching heart as he does so), he achieves a sound nearly as grand and polished as theirs on a 10th of the budget (so imagine what he could do with the orchestral backing his songs demand)."
Pitchfork,60,"Epic pop has a new face, and it belongs to Joe 90. [Jun 2009, p.122]"
The A.V. Club,40,"His attempts to be emotive or inspirational sound just wrong."
Entertainment Weekly,20,"You cant help but feel that Gary Gos biggest ambition is to be on the soundtrack for 'The Hills.'"
The Guardian,0,"Polished to the point of being nausea-inducing, this album has been packaged to a precise remit: robotic, stadium-rock-lite that follows the tried and tested formula of acoustic quiet bit, drums come in, second verse, chorus, repeat to fade so strictly that youll feel like banging your head against a brick wall and/or adding your own beat-box percussion."

Alternative Press,85,"With the drums and guitar so busy in the mix of almost every song, Keaton Snyders amped-up vibes are an inspired addition, their subtle atmospheric effects put to careful use by producer Phil Ek."
musicOMH.com,80,"This is, truly, an album worthy of obsession."
Under The Radar,80,"Time to Die reveals a band that is continuing to grow with scintillating results. Luckily for us, no ones sitting in the backseat here."
AllMusic,80,"The hurtling pace the Dodos maintain and the complexity they manage to fill into these tight spaces is fascinating, at times amazing, fitfully matching complexity with speed."
Drowned In Sound,71,"Time to Die bests it as far as consistency goes."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Time To Die has its heart in the right place, but the product is not as nearly lovable."
NOW Magazine,70,"Time to Die by itself isnt a bad album, necessarily, but its not even close to the same level as Visiter and what made Dodos different to begin with. I hope that on their fourth album, these guys return to their roots."
Sputnikmusic,70,"The key to The Dodos isnt their lyrics, but their melodies. And on Time to Die, theyre strong and sufficient."
Mojo,70,"Perhaps the idea was to make the Dodos introspection more overt, or to cushion the songs cryptic reflections on breakups, commercialism, mortality and global warming. The intricacies do come through. But these songs will sound better after theyve been roughed up onstage."
Q Magazine,67,"'Two Medicines' also shows off what the new, musically open Dodos can do, but until the vocals come into sync, an album-length high-water mark will remain elusive."
Prefix Magazine,62,"Time to Die doesnt seem to strive for anything, so it settles into being a pleasant little pop record, boring and bereft of character."
Billboard.com,60,"What we are given this time round is a rather boring queue of unmemorable songs."
Los Angeles Times,60,"For the moment they have tightened the experimental purse strings, offering a less rewarding batch of songs than theyre capable of creating."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"Like a lot of albums produced by Phil Ek (by the Shins, for instance, and Fleet Foxes), you're impressed, but don't necessarily warm to it."
Spin,60,"Time to Die is far from a bad album, but unpredictability still suits the Dodos better than trying to fit into a more recognizable indie rock mold."
Slant Magazine,60,"It seems silly to declare Time To Die too well put together, but it's not always the shapest knife that gets the most use. [Oct 2009, p.110]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"If they tend toward the opaque, a soothing vibraphone or twinkling guitar arpeggio is never too far away. [Oct 2009, p.108]"
Rock Sound,60,"Long's amazing guitar work, evident since his solo album, also does it best to break through, but in the end, can't. [Fall 2009, p.62]"
Rolling Stone,50,"Mostly, though, The Dodos little quirks--the lack of bass, the blustery drumming, the lyrics that threaten to say something profound but never do--irritate rather than intrigue."
No Ripcord,50,"The band seems to have decided musical chops and precision production are more important than ideas, turning Time to Die into a startlingly streamlined affair that passes without leaving much of a mark."
American Songwriter,40,"Time to Die will be filler for most people, a stopgap, a passing interest, at best a stepping stone."
BBC Music,40,"The Afro-ising influence of Vampire Weekend on Precisely The Dodos' musical sector leaves them sounding emblematic only of early-Noughties blowsiness--as passe as their name suggests. [Oct 2009, p.108]"

Paste Magazine,71,"Between Yorns ingratiating tunes, Johanssons harmonies and the lush, inventive production, Break Up ultimately succeeds in its ambitious goal of capturing the spirit--if not the sound--of the late-60s musical partnership between Serge Gainsbourg and Brigitte Bardot"
cokemachineglow,70,"Johansson sounds more in her element in this one, starting off strong with the bittersweat bounce of 'Relator.' The only misfire on Break Up is an overly arty rendition of 'I Am The Cosmos' by Chris Bell of Big Star. [Oct 2009, p.115]"
Austin Chronicle,67,"Johansson's throaty vocals fit Break Up's intimate vibe better than they did on her overly ambitious Tom Waits-covers album. Still, aside from the jangle 'n' twang ditty 'Relator' and remake of Chris Bell's classic 'I Am the Cosmos,' the project never really achieves liftoff."
Uncut,60,"Yorn and Johannson cut their album long before She & Him, but surfacing in its wake, they can't help but seem a bit like the polished, polite answer to the twee, precious charms of Zooey & M. Ward. Break Up does trump Vol. 1 conceptually, chronicling the dissolution of a romance as a series of duets, and Scarlett is a more-than-worthy foil to Yorn."
NOW Magazine,60,"Theres a mopey, self-pitying quality to the lyrics, and the duo never once connect with or transmit the sultry passion that existed between those 60s icons [Serge Gainsbourg and Brigitte Bardot]."
The A.V. Club,60,"It is entirely listenable, but this sort of album suggests the power to either break or fortify hearts. To that extent, it does not follow through."
PopMatters,58,"Mostly, the record suffers from the same symptoms most flings do: In time, the dreaminess dissipates, leaving those involved searching for something with a little more weight to it."
The Boston Phoenix,50,"Break Up's nine songs have plenty of sweet harmonies, but there's just no sexual chemistry between these two friends."
cokemachineglow,50,"Eliminate the stilted pursuit of Artistry oozing out of the cracks here, and ignore the notion that theres some sort of emphasis on an unraveling journey-through-song, and Break Up is actually a pleasant enough detour as a light-hearted, retro-pop affair."
The New York Times,47,"'Relator' aside, there's little about this duo's chemistry that lives up to Matt and Kim, let alone Lee Hazlewood and Nancy Sinatra."
Boston Globe,40,"Chalk this one down purely to an arrangement of Tinseltown convenience. [Oct 2009, p.115]"
Paste Magazine,40,"There's an absence of audible heat, no palpable anguish or tantrums. [Oct 2009. p.108]"
Delusions of Adequacy,20,"These tuneless songs which either brim with maudlin self-pity or bounce along with enforced jollity. [Oct 2009, p.123]"

AllMusic,82,"The Resistance, shows growth from the band's previous releases and proves that it's primed for a global musical takeover."
Under The Radar,80,"'Black Holes and Revelations' may be a more commercial record, but The Resistance is Muse's most realized effort to date."
musicOMH.com,80,"Not all of it is palatable, but there's something unrepentant in The Resistance's insane ambitiousness that demands respect rather than mockery. The day Muse topple irrevocably into self-parody will surely come. But, apparently, not yet."
Billboard.com,80,"Its bonkers--hilarious, maddening, ridiculous and slightly shit--yet never dull."
Chicago Tribune,80,"Its the closing triptych of quasi-classical numbers--the aforementioned Exogenesis sequence--that transports Muse to a place beyond parody."
Pitchfork,80,"Even introspection is realised on a gargantuan scale, with the climatic rock symphony Exogenesis. Over the top? For Matt Bellamy and Muse it's the only way to go. [Oct 2009]"
Spin,80,"The wholeheartedness with which this album hurls itself into the abyss of cod-symphonic astral pretension is to be commended."
Sputnikmusic,80,"All this is but a prelude to the albums extaordinary, elegant climax, Bellamys three part, 12 minute orchestrial work 'Exogenesis: Symphony.' [Oct 2009, p.102]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"You dont need to be fanatical or any other synonym to realize that this is utterly spectacular music."
Alternative Press,80,"Bellamy wriggles ever freer from the straitjacket of rock music, nearing the point where he can slide between genres as easily as his idols, Bowie, Queen and Prince."
Rolling Stone,80,"The Resistance, the crispest Muse album yet, is unapologetically and ambitiously beautiful."
No Ripcord,75,"Frontman Matt Bellamy mostly gets away with these high jinks thanks to his skilled way with a Radiohead-ish hook."
Prefix Magazine,75,"On The Resistance, the group shows it can turn a night at the opera into a daytrip to Candyland."
American Songwriter,70,"As it stands its an indulgent and, at times, gorgeous listen that merely helps restate your concrete opinions about Muse."
Drowned In Sound,70,"They turn to the next logical ladder rung of pretension: symphony. And they may have finally found the perfect category to fuse with their ever-swooping brand of rock."
Dusted Magazine,60,"While not their best, its decent enough to ensure therell be more-- even though the truly off-the-wall moments are either rare or misguided, meaning the record feels slightly anonymous."
Hot Press,60,"Ultimately, The Resistance is a patchwork of expert cliches that leaves a listener wondering just what the point of Muse is."
Q Magazine,60,"You'd be well advised to beg, borrow or download a handful of tracks from The Resistance; but if you're planning to sit through the whole ponderous enterprise, you'll likely need a blister pack of paracetamol and a hell of a lot of patience."
Lost At Sea,59,"For the wary or outright dismissive, however, The Resistance is also a very smartly sequenced album."
BBC Music,50,"Even where the record shines--and it does at points--it really only does so against a background of blinding light from Muses back catalog, which is an unfortunate, but inescapable point."
Tiny Mix Tapes,50,"These straight pop tunes are great by themselves, but after slogging through the symphonic sludge, youre likely to find The Resistance a jumbled, forgettable tracklist."
Slant Magazine,40,"In the end, far from making prog a four-letter word, Muse have done worse and opted out of the playing field altogether."
Under The Radar,30,"They are capable of making albums that are big, over the top and fun. The Resistance is over the top, but comes off as boisterous and overblown."

Filter,90,"With simple, straightforward songs that appeal to melodic sensibilities rather than rhythmic contraptions, the set is a mix of vulnerability and earnestness."
Uncut,80,"It says quite a bit about Nelly Furtado's ambitions and skill when her Spanish detour winds up being arguably her strongest album yet."
Austin Chronicle,80,"The music here is lush or spare when necessary. More singing in this context makes her shine more brightly."
Mojo,80,"The songs stay bright, friendly and generalized yet heartfelt, awaiting the singalongs they invite in Ms. Furtados latest language."
Sputnikmusic,60,"Can she master the bustle and colour of Latin pop as easily as she mastered sweaty electro? Tristemente, no. While never less than agreeable, Mi Plan is rarely more than that."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),50,"Tracks like 'Fuerte' find a decent Timba-lite groove; the rest are, at best, inconsequential."
BBC Music,50,"Mi Plan is a mildly diverting listen that doesn't tarnish the brand and helps re-connect the artist with a core fanbase."
Alternative Press,40,"While Mi Plan is by no means some excruciating disaster, it is heartless, with forced sincerity and awkward posturing uncharacteristic of Furtado's previous work."

AllMusic,100,"With only three official albums to its name, Big Star doesnt seem like a natural for the box-set treatment, but Keep An Eye On The Sky has plenty to offer both neophytes and longtime fans, dropping demos, alternate mixes, and selections from Bell and Chiltons pre-Big Star work alongside album tracks and the two stunning sides of the only solo work Bell saw released before dying in a car accident in 1978."
Drowned In Sound,100,"The spare demos, crystal-clear concert recordings, and handsomely produced liner notes are a fan's delight, but it's the three original albums included here--38 haunting ballads and fist-pumping anthems, some in unreleased mixes, each one a gem--that still shine brightest."
Rock Sound,100,"The songs here represent more than just a band; they represent the myth, the sound of beautiful losers, as Buck describes them, making good on the promise their sound always presented."
New Musical Express (NME),100,"This 4-CD box is the monument to both the cult and the art. And it's great. [Oct 2009, p.117]"
Q Magazine,100,"It wouldnt be hyperbolic to declare Keep an Eye on the Sky an indispensable cornerstone of any serious music fans collection, and one of the greatest box sets ever assembled.  Finally, Big Star get their due chance to shine."
Filter,93,"These four discs ultimately do what any good box set should do: In tracing the band's trajectory from power-pop progenitors to post-pop tinkerers, Keep an Eye on the Sky presents a history of the band that could not be gleaned from the albums themselves, using finished studio tracks along with demos and rarities to give a fuller picture of the musicians, their dynamic, and their songs."
cokemachineglow,93,"This box mingles an abundance of demos, alternative takes and other previously unreleased iterations of Big Star tunes amid sparsely retained original album versions. [Fall 2009, p.92]"
The A.V. Club,90,"[They were a creature of the studio and it] resulted in alternate mixes and instrumental scraps, the stuff that enthralls fetishists, sometimes justifiably so. Those are the listeners who will find Keep an Eye on the Sky most rewarding, but anybody who has loved the band will find something to cherish here."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"In summation, though, there is not much you could ask for in a Big Star box set that is not included here."
Billboard.com,90,"Barring the discovery of more golden eggs, the four CDs of Keep an Eye on the Sky are the last word on Big Star's first, ultimately glorious lifetime."
Slant Magazine,90,"Spanning the years 1968-75, this exquisitely designed four-disc boxed set gathers a treasure trove of rare gems."
Spin,89,"Authoritatively illustrating why, the 4-CD Keep an Eye on the Sky might be considered compilation overload on this admittedly obscure Memphis quartet for the newcomer, but cultists and anyone interested in some of the purest guitar pop ever made will find lots and lots to love."
musicOMH.com,88,"Keep an Eye on the Sky--which expands Big Star's three early-'70s albums with a bevy of demos, alternate takes, and a complete 1973 live set--shores up the band's legend for a new generation."
Rolling Stone,80,"These commercial frailties have come to be seen, quite rightly, as cultish strengths. But it all goes to make Keep An Eye On The Sky much more than a repository of extraordinary music; it acts as the most thorough and articulate explanation of why Big Star never became superstars."
Mojo,80,"This exemplary boxset tells the whole, rather sorry saga of how a band who seemingly had everything going for them ended up with precisely nothing. [Oct 2009, p.122]"
Alternative Press,80,"Rhinos new Big Star box set Keep an Eye on the Sky seems like it was put together as much to please Big Star fans as it was to introduce newcomers to the band."

Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"The combination of synth, loop techniques and no-joke instrumentalists playing wild and unconventional rhythms is totally over-the-top, but thats exactly what makes this album so dazzling."
Urb,80,"Instead of rhythmic exploration Braxton is working with a variety of harmonic and melodic developments and in doing so has made a refreshing and similar counterpoint to 'Mirrored'. Central Market may not be as calculated, but it is more fun and in general more easy to digest."
Billboard.com,80,"On Central Market, Mr. Braxtons first full album under his own name in seven years, he has moved forward with exponentially more complicated music. Its exponentially more entertaining, too."
Filter,80,"Central Market is a big album for an age that has acquainted itself with thinking small about the album both as a vessel for sound and as a standard-bearer for new aesthetic vision."
Slant Magazine,80,"More Stravinsky than the Saturdays, this is still way more fun than the latter."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Central Market could prove to some that contemporary classical music can be more epic than post-rock, more dangerous than metal, and have more to say than the most verbose MC-even if most of his songs don't have any words."
AllMusic,80,"While the pieces that put the orchestra at the fore are the most dazzling, Central Market is a tour de force that only grows more fascinating with repeated listens."
PopMatters,70,"It's Central Market, his second full solo release, that sees him coming of age in a manner that befits the familial myth."
Kerrang!,70,"The strongest tracks here make a case for Braxtons compositional skills; the rest feel like recycled tales from his nights out with Stanier and Williams, an unfortunate byproduct of placing them within this context."
Uncut,66,"Which isnt to say that the rest of the album isnt impressive at certain points, though the law of diminishing returns weighs heavily here."
Q Magazine,60,"The resulting clash of classicial forms and electronics is a startling mix of chance and design. [Oct 2009, p.108]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"As a stand-alone album it's ultimately more laudable than loveable. [Oct 2009, p.92]"
musicOMH.com,60,"Braxton ventures far from the strictures of traditional rock. Indeed, he's cleared passport control and stepped into the realms of modern classical music. [Oct 2009, p.103]"
The A.V. Club,60,"Alas, most of Market's tracks work more as sound experiements than actual songs. [Fall 2009, p.62]"
Mojo,40,"His third solo album is promoted as 'new classical,' but 'J. City' sounds more like a grievous stab at alt-rock."

Pitchfork,80,"The Incident is an incident in music that must be acknowledged."
Billboard.com,80,"Stellar 12-minute opus 'Time Flies' teems with Pink Floydesque arrangements and moving lyrics, while 'Octane Twisted' offers up massive guitar riffage that you can bang your head to."
Revolver,80,"The title suite on this two-CD set is the Tree's finest hour: a mounting drama of memoir and real-news trauma, animated with slicing guitars, ghost-song electronics, mile-high harmonies and smart pop bait."
AllMusic,76,"It's a bit like Lance Armstrong placing second in the Tour de France--not the finish one is accustomed to, but still a remarkable achievement. [Fall 2009, p.98]"
Boston Globe,70,"That said, unlike early proggers who favored meandering instrumental doodling over succinct songwriting, Porcupine Tree always favor the importance of memorable songs over flashy solos, which certainly makes the group one of the top modern-day prog rock bands."
Q Magazine,70,"He is a very, very good songwriter, which keeps Porcupine Tree afloat even when they arent really pushing the envelope."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"It's sprawling beast, but for all its occasional spots of indulgence it's a towering achievement. [Oct 2009, p.115]"
Kerrang!,60,"With these less-then-cutting-edge elements Wilson manages to conjure that's diverse and full of drama. [Oct 2009, p.97]"

musicOMH.com,100,"Here, his luxurious voice, weathered and warm, sits atop intuitive improvations from the likes of Christian Fennesz and Evan Parker. [Nov 2009, p.106]"
NOW Magazine,90,"Manafon is a quiet yet forceful stunner, a recording that, if heard, is literally unforgettable."
Drowned In Sound,80,"However central Sylvians bleak commentary, the weight and suggestiveness of this record gives it a sense of unpredictability, possibility, almost an openness beyond itself. Its absolutely superb."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Sylvian's subjects are life's loners and losers, and he regards them with a wry detachment and acute sympathy that is echoed by his collaborators. The effect in the album's 11-minute centrepiece, The Greatest Living Englishman, is devastating."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Initially baffling, Manafon richly replays further decktime. [Oct 2009, p.96]"
AllMusic,74,"Sylvian is front-and-center on every song, which is good because he provides the only rhythmic and melodic stability, as the instrumentals dart and scratch and feedback around him."
BBC Music,60,"Fans of David Sylvian will doubtless appreciate the elegant compositions and Sylvian's self-indulgent but soulful insights, but there is little to entertain the casual listener who may be better off back cataloguing Tom Waits and Nick Drake and realizing that they are not the same thing."
Dot Music,60,"Think Scott Walker punching a side of beef, and know that here's another who's wandered off the path of teen pop success to find a world that's far more interesting (if far from easy listening)."
Uncut,50,"Its spaces of hollow inaction are far too big, and the concessions it expects of its audience far too large for so little payoff."
Q Magazine,40,"While no one could accuse Sylvian of playing it safe, the exercises that make up Manafon are neither experimental nor aesthetically pleasing enough for me to recommend this album."

Under The Radar,80,"Shudder to Think's zest in their return is palpable, this live recording both a fan essential and a good starting point."
PopMatters,77,"They sound more inspired here than they have since... well, since they played these songs the first time. New album please."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),75,"This is basically a best-of record played by guys who were obviously still excited about stuff that goes back as far as 1990, and while it ultimately doesnt seem essential for anyone other than hardcore fans, its always great to hear Nathan Larson getting glammy on songs."
BBC Music,70,"Wedren is game, and the hooks are there, but its been proven many times that a person can never truly go home again. Its how far away Live From Home ends up that provides its greatest interest."
NOW Magazine,70,"Some of these falsetto-singing, oblique chord-conflating upstarts and their fans should check out Live from Home in order to hear that some of their most seemingly current trends and fresh ideas have a very direct source amongst American guitar rock bands. Shudder to Think did it first and still does it better."

Billboard.com,90,"Easily the blissful equal of jj or Memory Tapes, A Sunny Day In Glasgow are diffuse enough to avoid easy classification, and Ashes Grammar is easier to enjoy than it is to write about."
The A.V. Club,88,"Ashes is A Sunny Days stripes, their first truly great album of scope."
Spin,83,"Ashes Grammar draws you in by offering outstanding moments in strange contexts; you'll re-listen to hear specific pieces even though you're unable to remember exactly when and how they occur."
Boston Globe,80,"Those who power through this album, though, will be richly rewarded by ASDIG's diaphanous, highly intelligent take on noise pop."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Schizophrenic, surreal and fantastic--thats Ashes Grammar."
Slant Magazine,80,"Even if Ashes Grammar drifts quite nicely as a whole--best listened to it with eyes closed in a meditative position--it seems most appropriate for the short attention span generation."
Rolling Stone,80,"ASDIG never traffics in straight-ahead pop music, but when those impulses shine through such gorgeously layered production, it's all the more thrilling for it. [Falll 2009, p.61]"
The Guardian,80,"Ashes Grammar takes what they accomplished on SMCJ and attenuates it, stretching it into new shapes and sizes, avoiding a retread of their debut album by avoiding the traditions of the album form altogether."
musicOMH.com,70,"The 22 tracks on this album range freely in length from 11 seconds to six and a half minutes and a rare few would stand on their own, as the musical shifts between them can be so slight."
Drowned In Sound,60,"While there are many indisputable highlights to be found on Ashes Grammar, it can be a chore to find them."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"Not quite Animal Collective or Stereolab, but at times sounding like an Ibiza chill-out album, there are hot flushes of brilliance here but they are few and far between."

Entertainment Weekly,90,"Shit rules so hard. [Oct 2009, p.108]"
Chicago Tribune,60,"Moneen's 2009 release, The World I Want to Leave Behind, is certainly a sign of the times in the rock world--intricate musical bits are combined with emo-like vocals, and in the process, the group never forfeits the importance of melody."
PopMatters,60,"With The World I Want To Leave Behind, Moneen have grown up and taken a turn towards a more mainstream sound. The concern has to be whether they have turned too far and become just another run-of-the-mill radio rock outfit."
Sputnikmusic,30,"Its just too generic to get you reaching for your red cardigan and for your journal under the pillow."

AllMusic,78,"Listening to Get Lucky feels like a journey, where great care has been taken to ensure that you'll come back a little better."
Dot Music,70,"Knopfler's distinctive conversational baritone begins calmly intoning lyrics, and eventually there are examples of his melodic fingerpicked guitar style on both acoustic and electric."
Uncut,70,"With Get Lucky, however, Knopfler has created an enjoyable collection of blues shuffles, countrified ballads, and Celtic-influenced folk songs that deserves attention and, perhaps most important, deserves to stand on its own."
Q Magazine,60,"A reflection on a childhood spent between Glasgow and Newcastle, Get Lucky is all muted colours, bluesy licks and hard-won wsdom, delivered with a subtlety benefitting the presence of Scottish multi-instrumentalist John McCusker. [Oct 2009, p.113]"
Pitchfork,60,"Esteemed guests such as flautist Michael McGoldrick, accordionist Phil Cunningham and fiddler John McCusker ornament the arrangements exquistely, while  the Knopf's ever-tactile guitar continues to say more with three notes than most do with 20. [Oct 2009103]"
The A.V. Club,40,"Unfortunately, every note is so restrained as to verge on the apologetic, resulting in songs capable of being forgotten even while they're playing. [Oct 2009, p.101]"

New Musical Express (NME),80,"Yet despite the melancholy mood, Were On Your Side is far from depressing. Slaraffenland possess a wistfully melodic knack akin to The Beach Boys if theyd never managed to get off the Sloop John B, and there is much to admire in the multi-faceted arrangements."
Filter,80,"Slaraffenland are a complete surprise. Unfettered yet poptuneful, they harmonize constantly--with a melodic cool, more churchy than surfy--but plough those vocal lines into dense, dynamic texture with fierce drums marching as to war. [Jun 2010, p.103]"
Q Magazine,76,"It's experimental music, to be sure, but it doesn't conflate experimentation with alienation."
Mojo,72,"While it at least confesses that theres a reason for the band to state its on your sidean admission of bad things in the face of a strong insistence that art not harsh anyones mellowthe album acts as a sort of side step to those bad things rather than a head-on address. Music this consistently gorgeous deserves a little better."
BBC Music,70,"There arent really any tracks that stand out the way 'Im a Machine' did on 'Sunshine,' but there arent any weak links here either."
musicOMH.com,70,"It will not blow you away and, though well balanced, it's not a 'dipper' in that proceedings are constant and hand-picking the best selections does a disservice to the remainder, which complete a strong but not astounding record."
The Guardian,60,"It'll doubtless put some smiles on some faces as it goes, but it neither reaches for more nor tries to be anything less. Perhaps it is enough, but does it have to be?"
Uncut,60,"Even though the tempo rarely climbs above a midtempo churn, there's a definite shape to each track, with the swirling, atmospheric arrangements recalling Sigur Ros. That isn't necessarily a bad thing, but it's hard not to wish that Slaraffenland showed greater focus and ambition."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Listening to Slaraffenland find their way, as they approach indie-rock from a rarified angle, is enjoyable enough in itself to cancel out any inhibitions."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Slaraffenland's Beirut-by-way-od-Sonic-Youth atmospherics are considerably more hit than miss--even if vocals occasionally threaten to pull them down. [Fall 2009, p.66]"
Pitchfork,60,"All this variety and uncertainty does become a little wearing in places, and the vocals in particular often fail to live up to the music that accompanies them."

The Boston Phoenix,80,"Dense and challenging, with an unmistakable humanist undertow, ...Snow is a riveting trip. [Nov 2009, p.90]"
PopMatters,70,"The Drunken Boat one of the best tracks hes done to date. The rest of the album isnt as daring or unique. Joyner mostly follows the 'Hotel Lives' template and reaps the same rewards."
Sputnikmusic,70,"Songs this assured are rare to hear with such consistency on one album, and it is a shame that there are one or two less-impressive examples that cloud the reception. In the main, though, this is remarkably well-conceived and lovable, a fine continuation."
AllMusic,70,"Even as Joyner drifts out into that snow, he remembers to bring some warmth along with him, which is what makes Out Into the Snow the comforting mess that it is."
Under The Radar,68,"Out Into the Snow is another solid entry in a long career for Joyner, and it seems his place as the dark observer on the indie world's fringe is pretty well set."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Out Into The Snow dissects the tragedy of the human condition with surgical precision. [Fall 2009, p.72]"
NOW Magazine,60,"But judicious daubs of strings, piano, female backing vocals and even a band (on Roll On, a surprise boisterous finale) reach out and the lyrics follow suit - venturing out into snow is a metaphor for change. [Jan 2010, p. 104]"
Rock Sound,40,"When Joyners at his best, he can break hearts in the most hopeful way possible; in these moments, he is as reinvigorating as a much-needed cry. But most of the songs on this album lack this quality, instead coming off as contrived and, as a result, harder to relate to."

AllMusic,80,"Living Colour has solidified their standing as one of the most consistent, original and important bands America has produced. Theres little left to say: kick the chair out of the doorway and get this essential album into your life, immediately."
BBC Music,80,"Reid's playing is a thrill throughout; his solos sound like a mind blown wide but never to pieces."
Sputnikmusic,70,"What can be viewed as a weakness can also be seen as a strength, and for the most part one can conclude that The Chair in the Doorway is a successful return to form."
Dot Music,60,"No boundaries are being broken this around, but Living Colour still hold their own. [Jan 2010, p. 102]"
Billboard.com,60,"Their fifh album reveals no radical stylistic shift. [Mar 2010, p.89]"
The Guardian,57,"The band's first release since 2003, 'The Chair in the Doorway,' is too scattered -- and occasionally silly -- to make a serious re-impression."
Alternative Press,50,"The limited palette and relentless attack wind up a little wearying, especially when married to brickwalled masters."

Q Magazine,80,"On his best album yet, Jennings goes much darker, with chilling tales of addiction, madness and loss, all wrapped up in fuzzy electric guitars, feedback and raw, distorted vocals."
PopMatters,70,"Blood of Man sounds like that album's [2004's 'Use Your Voice'] companion piece, merging the same traces of folk, roots rock, and small-town storytelling with a simple increase in volume."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),68,"Completely self-recorded and mastered, Blood of Man isnt dressed up in studio effectsits as raw and real as the writing itself."
musicOMH.com,60,"Where the first half of Blood of Man comes easily and is more or less classic Mason Jennings, the second loses a step as it strays too far into a style and presentation that is both out of pace and place."
Billboard.com,55,"The problem is that the whole album ends up sounding like any other in the singing-songwriting surfer genre. The songs bleed into one another without much distinction musically."

AllMusic,90,"Two Dancers, then, doesn't so much follow up their debut as announce Wild Beasts as one of our genuinely special bands, one that can compete--in terms of both musical and lyrical ingenuity as well as sheer pop nous--with any US act you've seen talked up in the music press this year."
The Boston Phoenix,90,"As the subtle, off-tonic final note puts to bed the album closer The Empty Nest, and with every aspect of the record exceeding expectations, Two Dancers makes a strong case to be named album of the year."
Boston Globe,90,"Wild Beasts have undergone a sea change, and this beautiful album is a treasure that deserves plundering."
PopMatters,90,"Only one year later and we have Two Dancers an album so laden with lush densities and provocative melodies that you would be forgiven for thinking this album had taken ten years to make."
Q Magazine,90,"Two Dancers is a striking, dynamic album, and will deservedly land on many year-end lists."
Slant Magazine,84,"Wild Beasts certainly aren't the first rock band to stand up society's dregs and outcasts, but few others immortalize them on such a wondrous, mythic scale."
Under The Radar,80,"The heart of Two Dancers lies in these seemingly jarring juxtapositions. The individual ingredients may be a decidedly mixed bag, but the final product is both coherent and very satisfying."
Paste Magazine,80,"Every song on Two Dancers reflects the meticulous intelligence of master stylists. [Sep 2009, p.90]"
Los Angeles Times,80,"With Two Dancers, the Wild Beasts move from fascinating to accomplished, and that they did so just over a year after releasing 'Limbo, Panto' makes that achievement all the more impressive."
Prefix Magazine,80,"The eccentricities are still present, the quirks still correct, but everything has been shepherded into a more cohesive, frequently more melancholy, totality."
The A.V. Club,80,"Wild Beasts summon up the ghosts of that decades [1980s] brainier, more flamboyant indie bands."
Q Magazine,80,"Instead of spoon-feeding you how youre supposed to react, they challenge you to understand them."
musicOMH.com,80,"He's obviously looking for something that probably won't be found, but across this epic 10 song journey it becomes apparent that he's having the time of his life, and tearing his guts out while searching. [Fall 2009, p.68]"
PopMatters,80,"Its great to have another album so musically rich that extols misbehavior as accurately as it soundtracks it. Lets dance."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"The bands sophomore effort is solid throughout, offering a heady mix of shimmering guitars, arty lyrics and creative rhythms that build on the work of romantic NYC indie bands like the National, the Walkmen and French Kicks."
Filter,77,"Thorpe and co. can still sound as if they play against rather than off one another. But Two Dancers, a huge improvement that comes only one year after their debut, is certainly the sounds of Wild Beasts becoming a band to keep tabs on."
Billboard.com,75,"Two Dancers is expressive without being effusive, polished without sounding stilted, and provocatively playful."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Much scruffier and far less inhibited than Coldplay, and way more compelling than Editors, Two Dancers is widescreen stuff nonetheless and an album that will carry them across more thresholds than their first."
Spin,60,"It's a strange state of affairs, a band that really come into their own when they background their greatest asset. But there's a lesson in there: sometimes, less is more."

AllMusic,91,"As usual, they sound less like imitation than a band remaking its record collection in its own image."
Rolling Stone,80,"Popular Songs may not quite scale the same heights as those found on 'I Am Not Afraid Of You...' or 'I Can Hear The Heart Beating As One.' It is, however, another really good album by Yo La Tengo."
Austin Chronicle,80,"What stops it from being an incongruous mishmash is the mood of intimacy and exuberance: you might be hanging out with them in their basement studio, sharing the jokes, shivering with delight."
Pitchfork,80,"Popular Songs is as essential as anything Yo La Tengo have ever released, and perhaps even more so--an album that looks back at where theyve been, smiles, and stares resolutely forward to what will come next."
Under The Radar,80,"That these experiments hit their mark is a testament to how shrewdly Yo La Tengo has crafted their aesthetic over the years: They know exactly how hard and in what direction to push."
Uncut,80,"Heres Yo La Tengo as embracing, alienating, and prolific as ever, with another strong new album, Popular Music."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"As fine as those nearly 16 minutes of controlled chaos are, it's the first half of Popular Songs that you're more likely to come back to, where by thinking in a small space Yo La Tengo have challenged themselves a bit and beautifully risen to the occasion."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Theres so much to love about Popular Songs and whether you think its the outstanding collection of music, the superb style choices, the fantastic lyrics or all of the above, its clear that Yo La Tengo is winningly superb."
Alternative Press,80,"As it stands, Yo La Tengo has created a solid gold collection of nine tracks."
Paste Magazine,80,"While Popular Songs may contain few surprises for long-term admirers, it is nonetheless a contrary beast in that it demands to be heard in a single, complete sitting."
Slant Magazine,80,"Yo La Tengo's 12th album finds them operating well within their comfort zone but it's no less delightful for the absence of envelopes being pushed. [Oct 2009, p.123]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"It's surely their most eclectic. [Oct 2009, p.103]"
Rolling Stone,79,"Experience can be a crutch, an excuse to tread water in comfortable waters. But Popular Songs wears its age well, a calm but firm reminder of an indie rock perennial it's all too easy to take for granted."
The New York Times,79,"Despite the 26 minutes wasted by these final tracks, as damning as that sounds, this is still a very good Yo La Tengo record."
Billboard.com,78,"Yo La Tengo has little to prove at this point in its 20-year career, but its dedication to expanding its sound without obscuring its songwriting formula remains impressive."
Boston Globe,75,"You still get an album's worth of pristine, beautifully constructed songs that enhance Yo La Tengo's literate reputation."
Q Magazine,70,"Popular Songs, the trios 16th album, is another pleasing installment of cleverly assembled songs that unite homage and originality."
PopMatters,70,"Playing like a welcome sequel to 2006's style-hopping 'I Am Not Afraid of You and I Will Beat Your Ass,' Yo La Tengo's 16th studio album finds the New Jersey trio bringing out Farfisa solos and celebrating ongoing couplehood."
AllMusic,70,"Stylistically sprawling and experimental music can be fantastic in the right hands. As lesser bands come and go in the fickle landscape of indie rock, Yo La Tengo continue to excel."
PopMatters,70,"As far as conclusions about Popular Songs go, its fair to address the reader not as a consumer of the music, but as someone breezing through its clean, familiar architecture. You should check this place out. Its pretty sweet, and I think youll like the light."
Under The Radar,70,"On Popular Songs [the new] twists are particularly flashy and strikingly retro. [Fall 2009, p.68]"
Mojo,68,"Though the band deserves props for pulling off fuzzy, exuberant three-minute romps ('Nothing to Hide') and ponderous, 11-minute space-folk wankery ('The Fireside') within the span of one album, the results are inconsistent."
AllMusic,65,"Popular Songs finds the band crafting solid indie rock that is more by-the-numbers than Yo La Tengo has been in the past."
Pitchfork,60,"There's little revelatory, but it's another fine record to add to their cannon. [Oct 2009, p.119]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Steady as she goes from the indie institution."

Drowned In Sound,90,"Signal Morning is not only a vital part of that continued excellence; its one of the best damn albums of the year."
Lost At Sea,90,"It surpasses the previous Circulatory System effort, and stands to rival the best of Olivia Tremor Control's output."
Paste Magazine,89,"MS may have temporarily slowed the Athens, Ga., musicians output, but it has not diminished its quality."
Q Magazine,86,"The real nuggets of the album, however, lie in the moments when the inherent melancholy behind Harts doe-eyed mysticism comes out."
Alternative Press,81,"That's Signal Morning's greatest strength: It's a supremely busy record that at the same time doesn't sound fussed over."
Uncut,80,"The decaying aural ellipsis felt hanging in the aether marks the dusky road of the albums fist half. This is dark stuff, darker than our main man Hart is known for."
cokemachineglow,80,"It seems trivial for album length to be the crux of what makes Signal Morning work, but with ones attention less spread out, less diluted, Harts musical strategy becomes that much more powerful. Its the old showbiz adage: always leave em wanting more."
The A.V. Club,80,"As the pieces continue to invert themselves halfway through their running time, the album begins to resemble a childs ambitious science experiment gone haywire. For this, Signal Morning shines."
AllMusic,70,"One of Hart's sharpest decisions is to keep everything short--17 songs over the course of 45 minutes, which if not quite Ramones level is still pretty brisk--while ensuring each piece has its own individual character."
Dusted Magazine,70,"This dense, complex document is an impressive display of vitality by the Athens, Georgiabased Elephant 6 collective, as Will Cullen Hart of the late Olivia Tremor Control weds that bands bizarre breakdowns with Apples in Stereos earnest tunefulness."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Once you get inside this static, it's the ideal place to hang out. [Oct 2009, p.106]"
PopMatters,50,"For the most part, the record never gets off the ground the way good bedroom psychedelia should. [Summer 2009, p.60]"

Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"11:11 reveals a true musical and sonic expansion without Rodrigo y Gabriela losing sight of their strength as an acoustic duo. Awesome."
Uncut,82,"11:11 is another winning showcase of exotic instrumental brilliance."
Drowned In Sound,81,"While casual fans may miss the novelty of the duos more familiar classic-rock covers, these 11 originals show the duo expanding its sonic palette."
Spin,80,"The best tracks include Hunaman, Buster Voodoo and Chac Mool, but all feature the remarkable interplay between the two guitarists."
Pitchfork,80,"Thier first albun of entirely self-penned instrumentals should finally see an end of [the world music tag], the fluid yet percussive tunes also impossibly nimble. [Oct 2009, p.116]"
NOW Magazine,80,"The sixth Dublin-based Mexican metalheads is an awesome thing in which every trick in the jard-rock manual is applied to the duo's Latin rhythms and acoustic wizardry. [Oct 2009, p.107]"
Under The Radar,70,"All in all, it's a pleasure to listen to. However, if guitar leads devoid of vocals is not your thing, then this is going to become background music very quickly."
musicOMH.com,70,"If youve ever been enticed by Spanish guitar, heres your rocknroll introduction."
Sputnikmusic,60,"Fizzing with unbridled energy, 11:11 is an ideal musical pick-me-up."
Dot Music,50,"Mainly they noodle through indeterminate world-music jams thatd feel equally ignorable at mud festivals and at ethnic restaurants."

New Musical Express (NME),80,"Infectious, sun-bleached and psychedelic--the welcome return of a South American institution. [Oct 2009, p.114]"
Q Magazine,80,"Reunited (partially) in 2006 by the acclaim of their fans, Os Mutantes sound just as vital as they did back in 1968 on Haih...Ou Amortecedor."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Gloriously nonsensical and beautifully out there, this is a joyful triumph. [Oct 2009, p.107]"
The Guardian,80,"Here, a founding multi-instrumentalist member, a longtime bassist, and several supportive additions forgo the initial trios psychedelic pop for angular guitar riffs and agile Latin rhythms that evoke an adventurous, timeless sense of fun."
Q Magazine,79,"Even with the hiatus, the effort is remarkable for its maverick spirit and pop unorthodoxy."
Spin,75,"You'd be right to call Haih scattershot and exhausting. But the group aims to sound like everything, and most of what it comes up with is fantastic."
AllMusic,75,"Though Haih Or Amortecedors trappings are plenty modern, Srgio is still smart and skillful enough to put a gloss on the classic Mutantes sound. The album is less a new departure than the bands radical old departure, dusted off and given a healthy shine."
Los Angeles Times,70,"All in all though, it's good to hear a new Os Mutantes record that carries forward the ideals and exploratory spirit that made us all love the band in the first place, even if it won't ever supplant those classic early albums."
Billboard.com,70,"Haih or Amortecedor is a deliberate but merry throwback. Its new songs reclaim the early Mutantes sound."
Dot Music,70,"In spite of the occasional misstep, Haih Or Amortecedor is rhapsodic, an endearing tribute, and a welcome addition, to one of pop musics strangest group of musicians."
musicOMH.com,70,"For Tropicalia purists, the long-delayed return of Os Mutantes will feel like the start of another bizarre, and certainly never boring, miniature revolution."
Slant Magazine,60,"Ignoring the misstep--'O Mensageiro'--this is a pleasure. [Oct 2009, p.106]"
Rolling Stone,60,"Now comes the first album of new material for 35 years, and although never quite reaching the innocent glory of late 60s Mutantes, Haih or Amortecedor is still brimming with vitality and ideas."
The A.V. Club,60,"The transitions from fluttery Brazilian rhythms to R.E.M.-ish jangle can be jarring, but Haih is much better than it ought to be."
PopMatters,50,"While the album has great moments, it sounds like a band unable to recreate past glory. [Fall 2009, p.65]"

Observer Music Monthly,83,"Joy is a journey not to be missed."
Mojo,80,"If you can't enjoy Joy, you will probably never enjoy Phish. Yet, to paraphrase a vintage Phish song, what's most impressive here is how much they seem to be enjoying themselves--truly, deeply, gratefully. It's nice to have them back."
New Musical Express (NME),75,"While Joy doesn't find Phish exploring much new territory, the band sticks to their strengths, making for a welcome return."
Dot Music,70,"Steve Lillywhites clear and ungimmicky production makes Joy sound like the band members onstage responding to one another."
Uncut,63,"The music is rarely rote, nor does it jump, settling for a fussy yet placid amiability, whether the Vermont quartet is in boogie mode ('Kill Devil Falls') or unwinding a 13-minute progressive-rock suite ('Time Turns Elastic')."
Mojo,60,"They sound more focused than on any of their ten previous studio offerings. Certainly, what's here is not for everybody, but this jumpy, well-constructed little set may even get Phish fans excited."
Spin,60,"The songs give off good vibes, even when alluding to the missteps that undid guitarist and main writer Trey Anastasio and ultimately his band. That lack of friction is a problem with Phish."
Pitchfork,50,"Phish's first studio album since 2004 suggests that what brought these jam-scene kings back together after a five-year breakup wasn't unbridled passion, but faith in their well-oiled machine."
Drowned In Sound,40,"While it may continue to be unfair to compare Phishs live shows to their studio work and that Joy is a nobler attempt than most of their other albums, Phishs strengths and, most noticeably, their limitations are nonetheless as evident as ever."

The Guardian,88,"Cassie Ramone sounds like a more confident guitarist, stretching out her leads, while the bass lines of Kickball Katy bubble out front to carry the melodies. And once again those melancholy harmonies are to die for, as Ramone chips off pieces of her heart in lamenting the boy who got away."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Ali Koehler's surging drumming and Cassie Ramone's distorted, surfy guitar are compelling enough to make Everything Goes Wrong an entertaining 36 minutes."
AllMusic,80,"Vivian Girls have responded in a way I never saw coming. Everything Goes Wrong is, proudly and brilliantly, a long player."
PopMatters,80,"Everything Goes Wrong is almost sickeningly good: songs are tight, short and fun, none outstay their welcome, all leave something behind in your brain as they rush to completion on a wave of multi-layered vocals, euphoric guitars and wall-of-chrome production. [Oct 2009, p.119]"
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Young, smart, pissed-off, ultra-basic, but also competent and powerful, these youngsters fire off brisk, bubblegum tunes in proud thrall to Da Brudders, and, by extension, girl-groups of the '60s. [Dec 2009, p.96]"
PopMatters,78,"It's weirdly kind of a grower. There's nothing that immediately jumps out and announces itself as the 'Where Do You Run' of Everything Goes Wrong."
Rolling Stone,76,"The songs are brief, noisy bursts, bratty but walloping. Rock diehards might scorn the weak solos, but Vivian Girls compensate with rock-solid rhythm and roughshod passion."
Under The Radar,74,"While there's merit to the charges that songs suffer from sameness and that musicianship is a secondary facet of the band, the Girls' detractors don't consider tradition; walking in the footprints of Bikini Kill, Ramones, and other like predecessors who faced similar criticisms, their flaws serve to be their most interesting, differentiating features."
musicOMH.com,70,"Their '1-2-3-go!' rush--built around Cassie Ramone's scratchy guitar and Ali Koehler's insistent drums--is a thrill."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Its also not a record where youre instantly gripped round the neck, its more a gradual clamping before nails start to dig deep into the skin."
Under The Radar,70,"This is fun music that is all at once euphonic, brash, unsophisticated in its simplicity--but powerful for that same reason."
BBC Music,60,"The problem with Everything Goes Wrong is that the song structure at its core is very, very good. But that same song never varies."
The Guardian,60,"Everything Goes Wrong is not a brazenly experimental album, nor is it rootless and shifting for cohesion."
Mojo,60,"Everything shows how a solid foundation of ideas can be steadily improved upon. [Fall 2009, p.68]"
Q Magazine,55,"Those who were taken with the band before will likely believe this album lives up to last years blog-induced hype. However, everyone else will probably think that Everything Goes Wrong is, well, no fun."
Uncut,50,"Everything Goes Wrong is by no means a bad album, but there are other bands doing this same kind of thing, and doing it with better songs and a better sound."
Drowned In Sound,50,"Most of their songs sound the same--warbled three-part harmonies over three-chord strumming--and the slick production only highlights that lack of breadth."
Pitchfork,50,"Theres nothing particular catchy. No song stands out."
No Ripcord,40,"With the beginnings of what could be a cult following over the pond after enviable live support slots that've received much praise, it is a shame that such positivity could not transfer to this recording."
BBC Music,40,"With 13 songs to sit through, it all sounds like the same riffs, verses, choruses, and rhythms in slightly different contexts. It also sounds like a big disappointment from a band that roared out of the gate with several nice 7-inch cuts and a strong debut album."
Q Magazine,40,"Aside from the cavernous 'Tension' mosty of the tracks here are disappointingly interchangeable. [Nov 2009, p.114]"

Rock Sound,90,"If this is the style Lerche decides to stick with for a while, that will be cause for a round of hearty cheers from fans of smart, sophisticated guitar pop everywhere. If you are a fan of said music and you don't know Sondre Lerche, this is the place to start the discovery process."
musicOMH.com,88,"Heartbeat Radio is Lerche's most eclectic outing yet, with no overarching concept beyond a consistent level of excellence."
The Guardian,80,"Norwegian songsmith Sondre Lerche has done it again: assembled another batch of perfect pop tunes that manage to be upbeat while wistful, optimistic while nostalgic."
PopMatters,80,"With Heartbeat Radio, Lerche aligns all his identities: Gentlemanly melodies glide across elegant guitars and High Llama Sean OHagans swelling string arrangements."
AllMusic,67,"Heartbreak Radio sounds too breezy to make a lasting impression, but Lerche has done worse--a lot worse."
Sputnikmusic,61,"Even if a lot of Heartbeat Radio is affable and politely poppy, a lot of it is so pointedly bland that you can't help but wonder if the good stuff stands out only because of the beige filler around it."
The A.V. Club,60,"Current fans may appreciate these saccharine sounds, but others will find them a little much. Still, the highlights make this album worth recommending to those with a penchant for breakup music."
Filter,60,"Sometimes willfully precious, sometimes more solid, Heartbeat Radio is largely at the mercy of its orchestration, which further hurts the weak moments while improving the good ones."
Billboard.com,60,"Steady but not stupendous. [Fall 2009, p.64]"
BBC Music,60,"It's only the too-glib wordplay that thwarts a more whole hearted endorsement. [Nov 2009, p.94]"
Clash Music,59,"Prodigiously talented but frustratingly inconsistent, Lerche gives Heartbeat Radio an unsteady pulse."
musicOMH.com,50,"While there are enough wonderful arrangements and flashes of brilliance to point the way towards a potential masterwork in the still-young Lerches future, Heartbeat Radio isnt much more than supremely well-constructed background music. The album is smothered by care and clockwork."
The Guardian,40,"Imagine a less florid Rufus Wainwright , or Paddy McAloon without the lyrical smarts and you'd be getting close: he even claims Prefab Sprout - along with A-ha - as a key influence. [Dec 2009, p. 116]"

NOW Magazine,90,"After Robots exudes an energy and a lack of self-consciousness that is exciting and refreshing."
AllMusic,83,"That killer instrumental prowess, coupled with Lindani Buthelezis whispered baritone and dancing falsetto--delivered in both Zulu and English--makes for too much talent, too many ideas, and a constantly roiling pool of influences. Basically, everything fans would want to root for in a young band."
Q Magazine,80,"Forget hi-life vibes: this psychedelic trip takes you from Jo'Burg to Brooklyn and way, way beyond."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Flashing all the (slight) overreach of a much-anticipated debut album, After Robots still exuberantly delivers."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"All context aside, After Robots just plain rocks--a hugely creative, expansive and forceful piece of work."
Drowned In Sound,80,"When it's at its best, After Roberts harbours a brave sense of adventurism, a fearless experimentalism. And yes, it can sound like a million other things. But more often that not, it's just the glorious sound of nothing else."
Slant Magazine,80,"Whereas I dont necessarily believe it a step above the Mystery EP, still ably showcases the talents of BLK JKS, their world-influenced musical hybrid a unique presence in an industry dangerously close to being oversaturated with no longer distinctive hipsters spouting tra la las."
Boston Globe,80,"After Robots more than answers the call to hype; it breaks down the borders between countries and scenes, and it bears a message that its just as possible to create progged-out songs of unending complexity if youre from Johannesburg as it is if youre from Williamsburg."
Rolling Stone,80,"What sounds difficult at first unfurls with force over repeated listens, veering from the chant-driven 'Molalatladi' to 'Lakeside's' space rock reverie. [Oct 2009, p.108]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Blk Jks's own voicee is utterly compelling. [Oct 2009, p.107]"
Uncut,80,"Fusing dub, psychedelic funk, prog, art rock and roots reggae with their native mbaqanga and township blues, they've fashioned a fresh (Afro) funky debut, politicized not sollely by colour, but also by their genre-bending vision. [Dec 2009, p. 87]"
Under The Radar,79,"Although the set's complex instumentation finds BLK JKS occasionally losing their footing, their confidence in their craft largely covers up any glaring errors."
PopMatters,70,"There are bits of jazz and dub, but mostly these guys want to rock. When they do it their way, they sound like nothing else."
Mojo,70,"Noisy and chaotic, passionate-sounding, complicated and confusing as it is, it nevertheless emerges as something a bit more than the sum of its manifold parts."
American Songwriter,70,"They fit into the indie rock genre about as loosely as Bad Brains fit the hardcore punk stereotype or Living Colour fit in the hair metal mold. Who cares? Pigeonholing is futile, the music is boundless."
Pitchfork,70,"For the foursome's debut album, they've locked in their sound as a futuristic amalgamation that's liberated from flippant categorization. [Fall 2009, p.61]"
Entertainment Weekly,64,"The lyrics, not entirely in English, are a bit al dente and often overshadowed by the quartet's blend of jazz, blues and dub sounds. [Fall 2009, p.106]"
musicOMH.com,62,"It's not always great--the band has a tendency to let its best ideas get the best of them--but there is a bigness of sound that is hard to approximate. And even harder to control."
The Guardian,60,"Unfortunately, theres nothing to the band besides the concept. Far from ramshackle, exploratory fun, the songs are paint-by-numbers melodramatic nonsense with a few interesting genre gestures."
Pitchfork,42,"Track after track is slathered in layers of horns and guitars and synths until the songs underneath are no longer discernible."
Paste Magazine,40,"It's a promising thought to know there are musicians this deft and so easily able to push themselves through so many sonic boundaries at once--but in the end, the overt and ultimately, stifling seriousness surrounding it proves to be the largest boundary BLK JKS stand before."

The A.V. Club,90,"HEALTH will still be written off as noise, but for fans, it sounds like the quartet tapped into its groove."
New Musical Express (NME),82,"On Get Color, though, the frenetic impulses from two years back have been carefully tempered, the percussive backbone more sharply honed and the ear-bleeding textures more cleverly implemented."
Dot Music,80,"For many, Health's noisy tendencies will be a bit much, but those who aren't afraid to dig deeper will be rewarded greatly."
Drowned In Sound,80,"HEALTH's musical talent can be heard during every song on this album, but there is also some room to grow--another good sign of a promising new band."
Rolling Stone,80,"Get Color goes by fast and leaves the listener satisfied but begging for more wonderful, eardrum punishing noise."
Spin,80,"Get Color builds on the success of HEALTH in all the right ways, proving the band worthy of an intimidating amount of hype while defying the expectations that come with it."
Slant Magazine,80,"On Get Color Health hit upon a noise thats all their own. If they make the kind of leap between albums two and three that they did between one and two, Healths third album should be nothing short of spectacular."
AllMusic,80,"Get Color is exactly what a sophomore release should be: a deepening of and expansion upon the promise laid out by the bands first record."
NOW Magazine,80,"Thats what this is, a record with definition and character, a pointed move away from the nerve-frying, oft random lurches of HEALTH."
Hot Press,80,"Still short on humanity, true, but possessed with an alien sort of beauty. [Oct 2009, p.98]"
Mojo,76,"This being their (sort of) third album, HEALTH have ostensibly defined their formula and they seem content with that, tweaking without straying from their core of grating guitars, ghostly vocals, and the occasional synth."
BBC Music,75,"Get Color is a hell of a tease, proving that Health is still an extraordinary band, but not always treating listeners to the full package."
Under The Radar,74,"So naturally the big question now is if the rest of Get Color lives up to the promise of 'Die Slow.' The answer is that it does... kind of."
Q Magazine,70,"Guitars and synths, both shimmering and scouring (depending on the volume level), cant quite override the sweet harmonies at the heart of 'Die Slow,' nor can the toms stop them on 'Death+' or 'We Are Water.'"
Filter,70,"Get Color is not the easiest listen. But it is just as--if not--more exciting than any other HEALTH 's past recordings. [Fall 2009, p.63]"
AllMusic,60,"Don't get too far ahead of yourself--a sing-along is virtually impossible since deciphering HEALTH's lyrics is quite a challenge. They may have mature a bit, but some things will never change. [Oct 2009, p.110]"
PopMatters,60,"Its not that the album suffers too much from being stuck in traction that it wont still be appealing to fans of the first album. Its just that, in terms of expectations, it isnt the game changer that many of us were expecting."
Alternative Press,56,"Get Color may not be as revelatory as its predeccessors, but its slight merits gradually ooze into the wounds it so fiendishly creates. [Fall 2009, p. 102]"

Tiny Mix Tapes,75,"The bands latest, Mister Pop, wont surprise Clean-ologists; its another set of textured, droney guitar-pop, often too ethereal and repetitive to linger long after the fade-out."
Mojo,73,"Mister Pop stays the course for the rest of its relatively compact 10-song, 34-minute length, reshaping the Clean's core components into poignant bossa nova instrumentals ('Simple Fix'), propulsive Krautrock-outs ('Tensile') and, as only they can, bizarro fuzz-organ jigs that resemble White Light/White Heat-era Velvets auditioning for 'Riverdance' ('Moonjumper')."
Pitchfork,70,"Apart from these standout tracks, it's a solid album that shows off the individual members' songwriting skills and holds together very well as a display of smart and savvy modern pop."
Spin,70,"Mister Pop isnt going to set anyones world alight, but it might make yours a fractionally nicer place to be."
Lost At Sea,60,"The bands first studio album in eight years takes the Farfisa-surf luminescence of 2003s must-own, career-spanning Anthology deeper into psychedelia, for good and ill."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Mister Pop doesnt quite measure up even to the first few Clean records from their third return (Modern Rock is an overlooked gem); it feels a bit haphazard at times, the instrumentals dont need to be there, and Robert Scotts song isnt as potent as usual."
Paste Magazine,60,"Mister Pop is at once an old friend and a stotal stranger. [Nov 2009, p.100]"
The A.V. Club,50,"How these twee-approved embellishments help the record are hard to prove, seeing as none of them give it the edge it sorely needs. Yet, in the least, the gentle sighs render Mister Pop as intermittently pretty as it is prosaic, and point toward a new, if unstable, direction for the band."
NOW Magazine,50,"While there's something comforting about the way this cult college-rock band never seems to age, it's frustrating that a group that releases so little can repeat itself so much. Mister Pop, then, is for Clean diehards only."
Under The Radar,50,"Sure, Mister Pop might be of interest to fanboys and a few others, but it makes a less convincing case for why new listeners should care about these guys."

Q Magazine,88,"More than just a slack reunion, the album marks another turning point in a band who may yet wind up describing a circle."
Sputnikmusic,83,"Sporting geometrically interlocked riffs and solos that feel simultaneously epic and oblique, the disc harnesses post-punk cool as well as classic-rock heroism."
No Ripcord,81,"In Prism ultimately sets a new standard for them: don't just make it sound like you never left, but rather make the past seem like a mere warm-up for what's to come."
Dusted Magazine,80,"The whole disc sounds familiar, like a logical next step for the band, albeit a decade-plus later. But it also feels fresh in every moment."
Slant Magazine,80,"In Prisms genius is to service the newbies and true believers in equal measure."
Paste Magazine,80,"Polvo have returned stronger and more single-minded. Regardless of whether you were around the first time, you should get in on this right now."
NOW Magazine,75,"Its the sound of Polvo insistently reminding listeners that they brought hot fire in 1993, and they can still bring it as good as ever in 2009."
Under The Radar,74,"Polvo hasn't failed to enrapture like the old school on this comeback release. [Fall 2009, p.95]"
BBC Music,70,"Even if it's not their best ever, it's a valid comeback that should appease longing fans."
The A.V. Club,70,"So while In Prism at least sounds like a Polvo record, its not until the second half, starting with the eight-minute opus Lucia, where it actually begins to feel like a Polvo record."
Filter,70,"This reunion packs no shortage of vintage wank--knotty, largely instrumental songs that surge together and drift apart with a proggy, loose-limbed precision."
musicOMH.com,70,"The important thing to note when it comes to In Prism is that as hiatus records go this is one of the best in the last couple years."
AllMusic,70,"A couple of the meandering instrumentals fade into the woodwork, but in general In Prism proves a formidable (if long-overdue) return to the studio."
Pitchfork,60,"It's a sprawling, psychedelic masterwork, rife with knotty tangles of discordance and serpentine riffs."

PopMatters,75,"They've broken out of the pop-punk underground not by illuminating the dark corners of young-person romance but by crafting songs that make the rituals of teenhood feel like scenes in a Zac Efron movie."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Its self-titled debut was pop-emo at its dimmest, but Love Drunk is, in places, a pleasant improvement, with the bands brattier instincts tamped down."
No Ripcord,63,"When it's not ripping off Panic, Love Drunk seems to be catering to other mainstream audiences and the hipster crowd.... But once you get past all that, you'll find a few solid pop-rock tunes here."
Pitchfork,60,"This is a much better record than their debut--and that in itself is an impressive feat."
cokemachineglow,60,"If Love Drunk's overall enthusiasm and high-energy pop doesn't win over even the snarkiest of reviewers after a few listens, then they probably don't have a heart. Everyone else will love it anyway. Pop-rock like this is popular for a reason."
AllMusic,60,"All this new-Benz shininess would get annoying if it weren't for the sugar-shot melodies."

BBC Music,75,"Some of 55 Cadillac swells with too much melodrama ('Seeing The Car' sounds a little too West Wing for its own good), but the whole of it is impressive: a curio that makes a good case for sticking around."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Fans of his louder music might not play this often, but 55 Cadillac is another step toward Andrew W.K. putting his stamp on every art form."
New Musical Express (NME),63,"55 Cadillac offers a fun, technically exciting journey that paints Andrew W.K. as an artist unafraid of risks."
PopMatters,60,"While the album concept may be flawed in execution this daring approach to composing and recording has resulted in an record which, regardless of its indulgences, is at least an intriguing listen and one which rewards patience with some moments of sublime ear candy."
NOW Magazine,60,"As ever, the combination of sincerity and sentimentality is overpowering. [Oct 2009, p.89]"
The Boston Phoenix,60,"Akin to career suicide, it's admirably bonkers but overlong. [Oct 2009, p.108]"
musicOMH.com,40,"It's hard to speak ill of W.K., whose insistent excitement is disarming, and though the album is a mess, it's shiftless meanderings further his ethos of refusing to take rock stardom seriously."
Under The Radar,30,"55 Cadillac is a vanity project from a man who might never have seemed deep enough to warrant such a thing."

Sputnikmusic,100,"Because Bergsman keeps Eden's doors open (centerpiece 'Wapas Karma' is a traditional performed entirely by locals), there's a natural light and a welcome freshness--a breeze from across the world, rather than a suitcase of souvenirs."
No Ripcord,81,"East of Eden, in that sense, isn't so far from Studio's West Coast: a masterful, hypnotic album that draws on a world of influences but is ultimately limited by none."
Q Magazine,80,"Even though she's borrowed a lot here--from Animal Collective, from Pakistani music--Bergsman manages to give it all a tender, sad-yet-sprightly touch that's completely her own."
Drowned In Sound,80,"East of Eden is a worldly sounding album that still maintains an intimately personal feel. Affectionate, intriguing and absorbing, Bergsmans music is of the finest variety."
AllMusic,80,"The only thing is presence and the present. The modest conclusion to a modest and warm album, is that Eden might be closer than you think."
Uncut,80,"Free of the patronising condescension that many Western musicians adopt when they embark on musical journeys like this, Victoria Bergsman has produced a marvellous, spell-binding album."
Lost At Sea,80,"It's most beguiling when the eastern influences are to the fore."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"East Of Eden is bold and strange, fusing alien-sounding instrumetals woth wide-eyed Scandinavian pop to dizzying effect. [Oct 2009, p.117]"
Pitchfork,80,"The results are gorgeous. [Oct 2009, p.112]"
Filter,80,"Few are lucky enough to craft a work as gently affecting as East Of Eden. [Fall 2009, p.67]"
PopMatters,78,"She transforms a Sufi song into a lullaby, and like her simultaneously near-and-distant voice, turns a faraway place into home. [Fall 2009, p.100]"
Under The Radar,75,"For East of Eden to be such an assured sophomore release, Victoria Bergsman has a kind of steely reserve to take herself further out of the picture on records to come."
XLR8r,60,"It is at once too ambitious (in the recording process and change of milieu) and not ambitious enough (in its failure to push Bergsmans music to unexpected and truly experimental places)."
No Ripcord,60,"While Edens Eastern flavor is certainly enjoyable, it walks a thin line between cultural exploration and exploitation."

Billboard.com,83,"The music on Here Comes Science is by and large a little less off-the-wall and casually profound than those on Here Come The 123s, but theres still something cheering about hearing kid-friendly songs that promote evolution, or one that notes how much of living matter can be reduced to a few common elements."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Here Comes Science is another fun, educational triumph."
BBC Music,80,"Its also something worth hearing for lapsed fans who havent been keeping up with TMBG in recent years or for anyone who loves well-written power-pop with a side of nerdiness."
Clash Music,74,"Plenty has been said about how well They Might Be Giants' playful, absurdist rock translates to kids' music-and the band's fourth offspring-focused effort is no exception."
AllMusic,60,"The results are entertaining and witty, as well as educational, even if at times the tunes have to perform contortions to squeeze all the lyrics in. [Jul 2010, p.141]"
Uncut,60,"Think of Here Comes Science as the gateway drug for a new batch of TMBG fans. It's kind of amazing nobody thought of it sooner"
Slant Magazine,40,"Noble concept, but possibly the dumbest clever-clogs album ever made. [Jun 2010, p.98]"
PopMatters,40,"TMBG's nagging pop tunes are useful mnemonics, albeit irritating ones. But there is no reason why anybody over the age of eight should listen to this. [Jun 2010, p.100]"

Q Magazine,80,"Deeply atmospheric even for a Kranky release, As Good as Gone's subtlety is its strength, and shows how Foote, Dickow, Owens, and company bring out the best in each other."
Filter,80,"Something dignified and yearning arises from the mass of programmed details. [Sep 2009, p.88]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"Though not sure what to make of it, it is viscerally enjoyable and mentally wondrous nonetheless."
Uncut,77,"As Good as Gone is Nudge's best album so far, the kind of record that indicates a band has found its signature sound, and is poised to deepen and expand it."
AllMusic,70,"The music on the album is rarely as urgent as the image that adorns it, and never as explosive as the heavy artillery that is found on its back, but the disc has a more subtle appeal than both."
Alternative Press,70,"Granted, those not in the mood for Nudges spaced-out symphonic sounds probably wouldnt hold a dead rat near this record, but thats neither here nor anywhere. If youve got a patient ear to lend, clear some time and space in your top floor and fall under the spell."

Rock Sound,80,"He's mastered the craft of writing tight and focused rock songs that transcend their beginnings but make no concessions to current sonic fashions."
Spin,80,"Turner's third solo release shows how versatile he is as he single handedly bridges the gap between Brian Fallon and Billy Bragg. [Oct 2009, p.115]"
Paste Magazine,70,"Poetry of the Deed still isnt the perfect Frank Turner album, as a few songs sound a little generic due to the full-band arrangements not shouldering their part of the load. But Poetrys a darn good one, showing that the striving, complicated songs of the past werent flukes."
Drowned In Sound,60,"As an album, Poetry Of The Deed is a listenable, more than competent collection. The difficulty lies in it's lack of character."
Q Magazine,60,"Perhaps it's the weight of expectancy that renders this a flawed if enjoyable effort."
Mojo,60,"His third album keeps the momentum going, even if its utilitarian construction is probably better live. [Oct 2009, p.118]"

Pitchfork,83,"These 38 meticulously prepared minutes offer dozens of memorable moments. They just demand that you listen."
Under The Radar,80,"Ive not listened to any other album from 2009 quite so much, or quite so closely, a reflection not only of the exacting single-mindedness of ORourkes vision, but also of The Visitors loveliness."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"The Visitor seems especially appropriate in this age of additive excess. Its less a demonstration of ORourkes ego than of his conceptual vision, which has always been relayed with an innate sense of purpose--a rarity these days."
Alternative Press,60,"Thirty-one minutes in there's almost a tune, but mostly this happily meanders like a horse grazing a path to nowhere in particular. [Oct 2009, p. 115]"
Sputnikmusic,60,"The Visitor is curiously passionless and on occassion, too closely tied to its background music references to get excited about. [Nov 2009, p.102]"

Rock Sound,80,"Year in the Kingdom may not be a feast of eclecticism, but it is a lesson in the construction of compelling, stripped-down folk."
Kerrang!,80,"Though the sound remains dreamy, it's expansive; the melodic songs have a feeling of joy. [Oct 2009, p.101]"
Spin,70,"As Year in the Kingdom moves along, beautifully and without a misstep, you can imagine that crowded reunion downstairs from Tillman."
AllMusic,70,"Fleet Foxes fans will relish There is No Good in Me, in which Tillmans penitent voice melts into what sounds like a processional march by a cathedral choir. But its the celestial title track that lingers like an angels vapor trail."
The A.V. Club,69,"Tillman's intimate, close-miced voice, does lend Year in the Kingdom a lonesome, somber tone, one Tillman-- a funny, amicable dude, if you've ever heard him clowning on himself at a Fleet Foxes gig-- would do well to shake on occasion. Next time, maybe; for now, the stout, supine Year in the Kingdom, Tillman's second fine record of the year, will certainly do."
American Songwriter,60,"Year in the Kingdom suggests whatever band hes drumming for is ultimately inconsequential; this backwoods wanderer seems fully capable of detailing his wreckage on his own."
AllMusic,60,"Quietly confessional and ever so slightly disturbing. [Oct 2009, p.117]"
PopMatters,60,"The pulse never rises above a heartbeat, but as the nine songs clock in at 34 minutes, the absence of tempo changes is barely noticed. [Oct 2009, p.112]"
Prefix Magazine,60,"Music that's built more around the image earnest and honesty than musicality can definitely be a powerful thing, but that's just the problem: It's either powerful or it's not. On Year in the Kindgom, J. Tillman is either a soothsaying troubdaour, or he's not."
Drowned In Sound,50,"The songs are slower than a Warhol flick, and Tillman's quavering, dirgelike vocals become a navel-gazing bore."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"Year In The Kingdom verges on limp self-indulgence. [Fall 2009, p.67]"

Chicago Tribune,75,"Whats funny about the album is that despite all it hard-rocking aggression, its a collection of mostly love songs. And it works."
Boston Globe,70,"Treat Where Were You When It Happened? as the, in a very real sense, dry run for their shows. Their fun house is as much Pat Sharp as it is the Stooges, but its not without its merits."
musicOMH.com,70,"Just as you'd have to be made of stone not to enjoy at least some part of a Monotonix gig, anyone who likes garage rock would have to be an obstinate stickler for originality not to enjoy the best parts--that is, the majority--of Where Were You When It Happened?"
BBC Music,70,"Even without the manic singer actually up in your face, the bands gleefully knuckle-dragging first full-length is a thrilling throwdown."
Uncut,70,"As long as there's a hunger for heavy riffs, Monotonix will satify. [Oct 2009, p.111]"
Mojo,60,"For the most part this is classic fuzzy heavy rock, bordering on self-parody but all done in good spirit. [Nov 2009, p.96]"
Q Magazine,40,"Material and energy lag toward the end, but for Monotonix, this isn't where it happens."

Filter,91,"His salvation is humanistic empathy, spiritual complexity, and melodies more unfailing than back when the Holy Ghost was inspiring into his ear."
Paste Magazine,90,"Regardless of the circumstances surrounding its creation, Curse Your Branches is Bazan's best album to date."
The Boston Phoenix,90,"Bazan has built his career on the merit of his honesty, and Curse Your Branches finds him exerting that idea more forcefully than ever before, creating a record that beautifully, paradoxically, and soulfully explores the beauty and strife of admitting 'I don't know.'"
Pitchfork,89,"Lyrics have always been the focal point of Bazan's music, and here they carry a vast majority of the weight."
Rolling Stone,88,"Despite its undercurrent of outrage, Branches--which expands Pedro's folksy sound with creamy keyboards, processed drum beats and the occasional spritz of glam-rock guitar."
Slant Magazine,83,"Curse Your Branches--his first solo album, though Pedro was basically just Bazan anyway--pushes him into full-on agnosticism, though that changes little about his terrifically melancholy music."
Spin,82,"These songs would stand on thier own in terms of sound alone, but it's the addition of Bazan's thoughtful lyrics that make this perhaps his most powerful and interesting album thus far. [Summer 2009, p.94]"
The New York Times,80,"While he has been rightfully criticized in the past for leaning too heavily on fuzzed-out, midtempo guitar pop and stripped-down folk, there's a surprising amount of variety to be found here, not to mention a great deal of depth."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"It's been molded into something deeply personal and jaded, as black-hearted and resigned as American Music Club circa 'Everclear.' [Summer 2009, p.60]"
Under The Radar,80,"On paper this may sound bleak--and in many ways, Curse Your Branches is--but ultimately there's a level of solcae in Bazan's sadness that's remarkably reassuring and, stranger yet, satisfying. [Sep 2009, p.106]"
The Guardian,80,"Doubt can be crippling, but it also serves a positive purpose here, as Bazan has rarely sounded so convincing in his vocal delivery or songwriting."
Dusted Magazine,80,"His identity crisis, drinking binges and family tensions are chronicled in chunky, rootsy rockers that can be stately or foot-stomping--and can, perhaps, offer some resolution."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"It never sounds gimmicky--instead, the juxtaposing of acoustic guitars and synthesizers seems completely natural."
Pitchfork,80,"The quiet, melodic Curse Your Branches - think American Music Club with superior melodies - is an open-veined, self-lacerating look at his break-up with God ('You expect me to believe that all this misbehaving grew from one enchanted tree?' he asks on the brutal Hard To Be), his subsequent alcohol issues ('All this lethal drinking is to forget about you') and his estrangement from his young daughter. [Dec 2009, p. 111]"
AllMusic,80,"If all that sounds like heavy going, a slightly bitter pill to swallow, fair warning, it is. But if you appreciate the effort that goes into crafting a record like this by giving it the repeated plays it needs, you're going to find a piece of work you'll come back to again and again."
PopMatters,70,"For all the talk that's been made recently of Bazan's own struggles with alcoholism and faith, it's telling that on Branches the strongest, most evocative tracks are those that, in the singer's beautifully worn and warm delivery, choose, in essence, melody over meaning."
cokemachineglow,60,"Still a little dry at times, Curse Your Branches is saved by its attempts at lightness and levity, a positive step which shakes the singer out of a funk of self-serious gloominess."
Prefix Magazine,37,"Bazan has, it's reported, fallen out with God and off the wagon, and those tumbles get painful airtime on his solid first solo LP, Curse Your Branches."

Dusted Magazine,90,"On their fourth full-length, the Used have delivered not only the definitive album of thier career, butarguably one of the best records you'll hear in 2009. [Sep 2009, p.109]"
Uncut,80,"The Used have taken the best elements of their previous releases, refined them and delivered the strongest album of their career."
musicOMH.com,68,"The Used pushes boundaries with the frenetic lead single 'Blood on My Hands,' whose video features McCracken as a gleeful, blood-soaked vigilante. But the song doesn't so much reinvent the band's sound as amplify it. Other tracks like 'Sold My Soul' and 'The Best of Me' highlight the Used's knack for crafting brutal yet crowd-pleasing anthems."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Hooks never mattered to the Used anyway, so having a higher grade of execution helps underscore the Used's point, which ironically just makes the whole thing uglier and harder to take."
The A.V. Club,50,"Peeling off much of the outfits Utah-bred oddness and emotive chaos, the album is a clear ploy at breaking through to a more pop-inclined audience."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"He delivers overheated poetry like 'As history gets lost and as I took that final breath, I felt alive,' and his bandmates rock like shiny Satans."
Urb,30,"Turgid even for the genre, Artwork will make you hate yourself for singing along with tricky standouts like 'Empty With You.'"
Alternative Press,30,"After sampling the tasteless, bland delights of Artwork though, I can't imagine many will."

New Musical Express (NME),90,"No longer young upstarts, they wear their years proudly on this terrific album, sounding like the veteran roadhounds they've always aspired to be."
Slant Magazine,81,"Frost captures the best aspects of one of rocks finest eras: a balance of structured songwriting and loose grooves, catchy choruses and meandering solos, hard rocking songs and easy-going attitude."
musicOMH.com,80,"As steeped in traditions as the Crowes have always been, drawing heavily from the heydays of classic rock and Americana history, the band has, after 20 years of sweaty integrity, added to the lexicon rather than simply borrowed from it."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Two fine records without a duff track between them. [Oct 2009, p.98]"
The Boston Phoenix,73,"It took the Black Crowes seven years to release last year's 'Warpaint,' but now that the Robinson brothers are back in the studio album business, they're making up for lost time."
Q Magazine,70,"You get a little sick of hearing the crowd between songs (we get it, there's an audience!), but in many ways this is the album the Crowes have been meaning to record for years."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Frost is prime Crowes, a set of songs about dudes who are buzzed, crooked, and haunted, all delivered with bluesy swagger and infused with psychedelic spirit.... The Crowes delve into hippie square-dance jams and bluegrass gospel tunes with an earnest zeal, though style trumps substance on most of the tracks."
Drowned In Sound,63,"These guys still come up with meaty riffs for fans of guitar-driven rock, but also leave themselves plenty of room to stretch out in jam-band excursions."
No Ripcord,60,"For the Black Crowes, this is an inspired move, maximising their virtues (virtuosity, passion, guilelessness) and minimising their principal flaw (the fact that it all starts to feel a bit silly if you stop to think about it)."
Under The Radar,60,"Before The Frost... is as comfortingly familiar as one of Chris Robinson's kaftans. [Oct 2009, p.108]"

Rolling Stone,91,"The Fine Print runs just under an hour and is drawn from the outtakes of four different albums, yet its as cohesive and entertaining an album as Drive-By Truckers have ever released."
AllMusic,80,"The songs range from good to essential. [Oct 2009, p.101]"
BBC Music,80,"'George Jones Talkin' Cell Phone Blues' 'The Great Car Dealer War', and covers of Tom Petty's 'Rebels' and Dylan's 'Like A Rolling Stone' are among highlights of an album that many of the DBTs' peers would cheerfully claim as a career peak. [Jan 2010, p. 106]"
Pitchfork,70,"Like most odds and ends collections, The Fine Print is uneven and doesn't match the consistent quality of the Drive-By Truckers' usual work, but nearly all of these tracks are too genuinely good to have been left to gather dust, and even the DBTs' scraps can make for a pretty satisfying meal."
Mojo,70,"For a stopgap release, we couldnt ask for anything better, and in fact The Fine Print spoils us somewhat, as were ultimately left wishing more bands would put this much care into such a compilation."
The A.V. Club,70,"Cliche or not, Drive-By Truckers leftovers really are better than most bands main course."
AllMusic,70,"By turns dark, poignant, and outrageously funny, it really is hard to quibble with The Fine Print. [Fall 2009, p.75]"
Billboard.com,66,"Unsurprisingly, the rarities on The Fine Print could make a good album, but the oddities are often distracting."
Chicago Tribune,60,"Their ability to edit their material into thematically powerful statements is one of the band's strengths, which makes the scattershot, uneven approach of Fine Print all the more out-of-character."

Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"He moans echo-caked utopian incantations, hustles some groovy conspiracy theories, spins a stolen Dylan melody into a elegiac space jam and ponders the nature of 'circular time.' But there's as much Sonic Youth doom in his band's guitar explorations as there is folky grooviness."
Trouser Press,60,"This throwbackin threesome--an expanded version of frontman Guy Blakeslees subdued solo outing under the name Entrance--kills it when they stick to the classic power-trio formula."
Hartford Courant,50,"Blakeslee finds himself torn across the aforementioned line of mainstream opus and neo-psychedelia territory."
Spin,40,"The band excels when they succumb to the light-hearted rush of the jam, which they do roughly half the time here. [Fall 2009, p.72]"
Boston Globe,30,"What we do get is delay-drenched college rock, circa 1983."
American Songwriter,30,"Their insides have been swapped: the dirty, heavy, colossal, dark-nastiness has been replaced with arena-rock aspirations and fresh-white, paper-thin production."
Uncut,22,"He's only a middling guitar player, but insists on soloing and showboating endlessly, drawing out songs to unnecessary lengths."

Under The Radar,80,"Possibly the greatest campfire singalong ever. [Dec 2009, p. 113]"
Q Magazine,73,"For this warm set of 11 country-time covers (including a track from his 1986 album, 'Eye of the Zombie'), Fogerty turns to his speed-dial list of superstars."
cokemachineglow,70,"Fogerty plays it too safe on sleepy tunes like John Denver's 1974 'Back Home Again,' but you can't deny his scratchy growl on deep cuts like the rockabilly barnburner 'Haunted House.'"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Ride Again isn't a raucous rock & roll album, it's a relaxed good time, a little bit of cheerful nostalgia that's pretty charming."
Paste Magazine,60,"For all that firepower, the follow-up cant touch the rough, quixotic charms of its predecessor. But it has moments."
Drowned In Sound,60,"The Blue Ridge Rangers Rides Again - the sequel to his 1973 solo debut - repeats the formula, its 12 covers of country standards and downhome favourites creating a warm, hearthside companion to its predecessor. [Dec 2009, p. 91]"
Urb,60,"It's a sincere but over-comfortable trawl-lovers of the man's rockin' fire will be disappointed. [Dec 2009, p. 92]"

Pitchfork,70,"The combination of Lewis and Rodriguez-Lopez seems promising, albeit one that could use a few tweaks and a tad less self-indulgence on the conceptual front."
Lost At Sea,60,"Juliette Lewis dials down the aggression, amps up the introspection, and adds a dose of weirdness on her third album, Terra Incognita. As always, what Lewis wants to achieve is apparent and admirable, but not necessarily quite what is achieved."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"Juliette Lewis's third shot at crossing over from award-winning actress to respected songwriter appears to br gatherng pace. [Oct 2009, p.98]"
Los Angeles Times,60,"A rich, rowdy and mostly rewarding listen."
musicOMH.com,58,"Lewis convincingly mixes guttural aggression and haunting sonic effects. However, the songwriting is mostly nonexistent, and some tracks are puzzling non-fits that destroy any consistent atmosphere."
BBC Music,50,"The conceptual stuff is ill-advised.... But she's a competent angst-belter who knows how to imitate singers she likes, from Courtney Love to Kim Carnes--even if her Janis Joplin is too close to 30 Rock for comfort."
The Guardian,40,"For all her Stakhanovite efforts and the title track's Hole-esque venom, the fact is she's yet to prove that it is music and not acting that is her true calling. [Oct 2009, p.112]"

PopMatters,90,"Cover albums can be forgettable and throwaway, but not this one. This is a truly memorable and worthwhile tribute to the quiet Beatle."
Rolling Stone,80,"The result is spare and somber--just that windy Americana tenor against a squeaky acoustic guitar."
NOW Magazine,80,"Tribute To remains reverent despite those unique touches, however, and Jim James (or Yim Yames, or whatever he's calling himself nowadays) sounds fairly fantastic throughout."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Tribute To captures Jamess sense of admiration, anguish, and awe for the quiet Beatle in an intimate solo recording that is three parts haunting reverb and one part pop melancholy."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),75,"James mostly resists tinkering with Harrison's melodies, which keeps surprise at bay. Then again, how exactly would one improve this stuff?"
Sputnikmusic,71,"Tribute To may be minor in James catalog, but it proves surprisingly moving in its off-the-cuff run-throughs."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"When George Harrison planned the reissue of 'All Things Must Pass' in 2000, he fought the urge to simplify the original mixes. So he might well have loved this EP of his songs, most from All Things, recorded in 2001 by Jim James shortly after Harrison's death."
Slant Magazine,70,"A modest release, Tribute To will obviously be of most interest to My Morning Jacket and George Harrison admirers, but the quality of the covers deserves a wider audience."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"The songs take on a new, more sorrowful meaning here. It is the perfect tribute, and enough to make you mourn Harrison's loss once again, eight years later."
Prefix Magazine,62,"It's not that Tribute To isn't on some level deeply felt, but it's just not deeply considered, and while it's nice to hear James focused and playing to his strengths after the scattered 'Evil Urges,' his tribute eventually loses the one thread it sets out to carry on its cover."
No Ripcord,50,"The covers attain a ghostly somnolence but also blend together, most of the color drained from the originals in favor of a uniform austerity."

Austin Chronicle,85,"The album is at its sweetest with love-laced tracks like 'Water Spider' and 'Summer Morning Rain,' but it truly shines when it tackles deeper issues."
Paste Magazine,80,"It takes on joy and loss with equal measure, and at its best--'Still Remember Love,' 'Lose Myself'--lands at the intersection of the two."
Sputnikmusic,80,"This might be the single most tasteful record of the year."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"Overall though--a quality 'One More American Song' shares with the whole collection--this is a song with an understated, but crucial, element of hope. [Aug 2009, p.100]"
No Ripcord,80,"The singing may be subdued and the playing quiet, but everything here packs an emotional wallop."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Their debut turns out to be a lovely slice of Americana, tastefully underpinned by warm harmonies, acoustic guitars and a melancholy yearning for lost youth. [Oct 2009, p.118]"
Pitchfork,63,"This is hushed, deliberately paced acoustic music perfect for sitting around a fireplace pondering the coming thaw....As pretty as this stuff is, though, it can get a little snoozy."
The A.V. Club,60,"When Felice and Burke show a bit more restraint and keep the focus on the storytelling, Gold works as a compelling, soulful folk record."
Filter,60,"You might even give it a cuddle because it delivers the kind of ultra-friendly music that sits up and in a cutesy manner demands such attention. [Fall 2009, p.93]"
BBC Music,40,"The songs themselves dont hold up under casual inspection, let alone eager scrutiny."

NOW Magazine,91,"The fourth and best-by-a-mile folk-rock album from sometime Shin Eric Johnson and his cud-chewing sidemen is a message to the freak-folk from 'a broke-legged paint in a herd full of unicorns.'"
Spin,85,"The album's affinity for traditional hooks, mixed with Johnson's ability to depart from the traditional makes this album one of the Fruit Bats most listenable and enjoyable."
The Guardian,83,"Stripped of reference points, The Ruminant Band is an uncomplicated, easygoing success that suggests Johnson shouldn't get too busy to give Fruit Bats due attention."
musicOMH.com,80,"The Ruminant Band opens up the Fruit Bats aesthetic and is a welcome addition to both late summer and a terrific discography."
Clash Music,80,"You could miss whole philosophies by following the guitar line too closelyand forgo featherbeds of tuneful pleasures by worrying too much about the words. And yet, ride the line just right, and meaning floods translucently simple songs, lighting them up from inside and transforming them."
AllMusic,80,"Where a lot of new bands drop the ball is not quite capturing the state of bliss that made so many of those hippue classics what they were. But that's not a problem on The Ruminant Band. [Sep 2009, p.104]"
Paste Magazine,80,"This is one made like they used to make 'em--and it's utterly gorgeous to boot."
PopMatters,74,"All this means that Fruit Bats, like their contemporaries, could unfortunately be passed over due to sheer familiarity. That'd be a shame, because The Ruminant Band only gets more rewarding as it settles in."
Uncut,74,"The tunes are still catchy, head-bobbing and toe-tapping, a kind of summer soundtrack that brightens your mood even if it doesn't quite make you smile, and sometimes that's all an album needs to be. [Summer 2009, p.103]"
cokemachineglow,70,"The Ruminant Band is generally a happy affair, though, and cameo appearances by Califone's Tim Rutili and Jim Becker help chart the Fruit Bats' migration from bedroom side project to full-fledged band."
American Songwriter,70,"The Ruminant Band isn't exactly Johnson and his band hitting their stride--because they were moving along just fine to begin with--but it is a clearing away of the few things that held them back."
Alternative Press,70,"The Ruminant Band has a bit of a rushed feel at times, but ultimately it's a worthy addition to an already impressive catalog. [Summer 2009, p.61]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"This folkie indie-pop band doesn't slam you with hooks on its fourth album--everything is catchy in a modest, reasonable way."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Much of The Ruminant Band comes sunny side up. [Sep 2009, p.90]"

Q Magazine,83,"Not only is the group fully integrated into the proceedings, the songs are sturdier, and Reithermans sweet-toned, sighing fog of a voice gains character and depth with repetition."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Scott Reitherman, the multi-instrumentalist behind TMTS, switched to a full band following 2007s 'Moonbeams,' and it paid off. Creaturesque stays aloft thanks to its big sound and well-placed handclaps."
Under The Radar,80,"The practice spent fiddling with slower and more methodical tracks on the excellent 'Purpleface' EP shows its effectiveness plainly here. [Summer 2009, p.100]"
Drowned In Sound,79,"With the help of producer Phil Ek, the band captures the odd we're-young-but-wish-we-were-younger nostalgia of the so-called crisis while still creating an album that will appeal to an audience outside the twentysomething set."
Rock Sound,76,"For all the positive aspects of Creaturesque--most importantly, it really is a consistently interesting and fun listen, which is rare for a record like this--there is one real weakness: Reithermans lyrics."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"Their sophomore album builds on the success of 'Moonbeams' by adding a little more texture and bringing a fuller band experience to the recording experience. [Summer 2009, p.63]"
The A.V. Club,70,"Creaturesque's subtler pleasures may require more time to sink in than the impulsive skinny-dip plunge of its predecessor, but fans of classic-styled melodic indie rock will find it every bit as summery and inviting as the backyard swimming pool on the cover, and well worth the wade."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Its a little too smooth in places, and also a little lacking in assurance, but just like my friend, its worth making the effort to get into this party."
AllMusic,70,"It makes for some delightfully fetching quirk-rock when its all clicking, but there are also moments when the songs never quite develop this alchemy and fizzle into the mist, albeit a fine cool mist on a bright, sunshiny day."
Boston Globe,61,"Creaturesque is an easy enough listen with a few moments that stand at attention, but even the best bits can't compare to Moonbeams', and the lesser stuff's far lesser indeed."
Alternative Press,60,"The eclecticism is refreshing on the jammy, Built to Spill-like 'Hi-Fi Goon,' but enjoying the sum of Creaturesques shifting parts can be a taxing proposition."
Sputnikmusic,60,"While the album shows the band refining their sound, it also carries the threat that their future might be too refined, too polished and neat."
Revolver,60,"The new line up and improved prodution give songs more space, but haven't hindered the jaunty, lo-fi, eclectic iindie that made 'Moonbeams' such a treat. [Sep 2009, p.101]"
PopMatters,40,"Drawn to look within, you run into the smart opacity of Reitherman's lyrics. [Sep 2009, p.96]"

New Musical Express (NME),80,"The bottom line is Troubled, Shaken Etc is an album: paced, sequenced, structured, and produced as such. It's utterly lovely, feminine, and subtly adventurous."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Troubled, Shaken Etc. won't win any prizes for instant accessibility; if anything, it's a deftly-secured trove of deeply hidden treasures, that once discovered, will be hard to resist."
Q Magazine,80,"Constancy is provided by the band's sleek economy and the piercing, implacable vocals of Sian Alice Ahern herself. [Sep 2009, p.92]"
BBC Music,70,"Its an ambiguous ending that makes the journey all the more fascinating."
Delusions of Adequacy,61,"Ultimately this is a question of taste--and plenty of folks like their music slow-moving and somber--but the general avoidance of rhythm on some of these cuts poses a problem for me."
Billboard.com,60,"Troubled, Shaken Etc. show that Sian's sophomore effort is a lesson in artistic restarint being a detriment. [Summer 2009, p.62]"
Spin,60,"A newly dynamic SAG here build on the intuitive eclecticism of last year's '59:59' debut. [Nov 2009, p.100]"

The Guardian,80,"Infinite Light shows that Lightning Dust haven't lost any momentum since the release of their self-titled debut."
Slant Magazine,80,"For many listeners Webbers descent into Cat Power-style calamity will be the hook; others may find it a precious affectation. Then again, some people cant see any beauty in a lonely overcast day."
Spin,80,"Gorgeous, exquisite... and no, definitely not a side-project."
Sputnikmusic,80,"This time, she and Wells seems intent on demonstrating that members of even the shaggiest rock outfits have a pop side, too. If youve been waiting to see someone try to splice together Carol King and Karen Dalton--and more or less pull it off--this is your record."
Mojo,80,"Infinite Light offers mellow, contemplative folk-pop that never gets overwrought or fussy. The arrangements are stripped-down and intelligent, the melodies moving, the lyrics gently optimistic."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Infinite Light is solid. And its overall quality owes more than a small debt to the fact that Webber and Wells have the good taste and modesty to keep it at 10 songs."
The A.V. Club,80,"If Black Mountain indulges the riff, Lightning Dust indulges the song. Side project my ass."
PopMatters,80,"They might be moonlighting, but they've officially stepped out of Black Mountain's shadow. [Sep 2009, p.105]"
Under The Radar,70,"Although they lack the dark, portentous majesty they conjure with their upstarts in Black Mountain, Lightning Dust reveal subtle charms that are more suitable to their impressionistic, ethereal approach."
AllMusic,70,"They apply a borrowed Steinway Grand and some retro synths to a mess of ideas, from the rockabilly-plus-tabla stomp of 'The Time' to the Arcade Fire mimicry of 'Antonia Jane.' But they really shine on epic, Bat for Lashes-type ballads like 'Never Seen' and 'Waiting on the Sun to Rise.'"
Rolling Stone,67,"If sophomore disc Infinite Light instead leaves only a pleasing afterimage, it's still dusky pause."
No Ripcord,60,"Of the various sidelines spinning off Vancouver psych-rockers Black Mountains, this is the prettiest. [Sep 2009, p.102]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"The rest of the album struggles to maintain that high standard [of the second track, 'I Know'], but 'Take It Home' is a magnificent dirge. [Sep 2009, p.86]"

AllMusic,80,"The fluidity of the music allows for interpretive wiggle room. New Universe sounds like a great, sun-slowed summer album, but I can also see it playing into the feel of other seasons, making for a subdued autumn album or a twinkling winter album."
Hot Press,70,"His second album delivers fleeting moments of bliss, like a beach bums opiate dreams."
Q Magazine,63,"As it stands right now, though, it's a nice bit of gauzy, gray-hued racket to throw on when you've only got so much attention to give."
Paste Magazine,60,"The record finds the band operating in a similar space as the War on Drugs or Real Estate: a fuller sound with a little more polish that still feels homegrown. But in this case, the layers of production do more to maintain a distance than swallow you whole."
Billboard.com,50,"If one stripped away the halcyon, indistinct haze and the open-road aesthetic it furthers, youd be left with precious little, save 10 unobtrusive, well-executed sleep aids. New Universe is its archetype--nothing more, nothing less."
BBC Music,50,"Unfortunately, this deep-sea sequel to 2008's 'White Light Strobing' wades in the shallow end. [Summer 2009, p.70]"

PopMatters,90,"The album showcases their massive creativity and playfulness and is a fitting testament to the power of pop music to move your heart and head as well as your feet."
Rolling Stone,80,"Nurses are a psychedelic freak-folk trio from Portland with ridiculous facial hair. But Apples Acre is also very, very good."
Drowned In Sound,72,"Apple's Acre sounds homemade in the best possible way. It is a quality that speaks to not only the intimacy of the recording, but also the confidence and comfort that Nurses now have in their delicately shambolic sound."
Rock Sound,70,"Nurses may not always know where theyre going with Apples Acre, but it sure is fun to follow them anyway."
AllMusic,70,"It's the co-existance of those unexpected eruptions and counterintuitive detours with more traditional pop aspirations that make Apple's Acre such a rare and luxurious space within the frequently drab field of indie rock. [Fall 2009, p.65]"
Alternative Press,60,"Nurses proceed to provide exactly what is expected of them and what their audience presumably expects."
BBC Music,60,"Theyve clearly been listening, and taking notes. But between the blatantly derivative style of basically every song and the inherently specious nature of their source material, its hard to really take anything theyre saying or playing seriously."
Q Magazine,60,"While Nurses adherence to pop construction might not do them favors when it comes to standing out from the pack, it also means that their music is potentially more durable than many similar blog-hyped acts."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"With primarily organic instrumentation and warm, low-fi production, nothing is forced--although in some instances, the tracks feel a little too barren, and overall there's not much to distinguish between the songs. [Sep 2009, p.108]"
PopMatters,60,"Nonsensical, inventive and captivating. [Sep 2009, p.89]"

Chicago Tribune,75,"Just as Pernices novel filters his own experiences through a fictional character, so this album is one or two steps removed from a direct expression of self."
AllMusic,70,"It's not essential Pernice by any stretch, but as a soundtrack to the novel, it works just fine, and its relaxed charm makes it worth hearing even if you don't read the book and are just a fan of the man's music."
PopMatters,70,"All in all, this is an odd, but certainly not unlikeable, package of songs."
Mojo,70,"Its a pleasing reminder that Pernice has a unique gift for articulating that sort of sadness with grace, beauty, and a hazy feeling of self-loathing to which many of his male listeners can undoubtedly relate."
Los Angeles Times,68,"If It Feels So Good When I Stop expands his abilities as a writer, it'd be at least interesting to hear a record of his that does the same for his skills as a musician."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"The album is a pleasing companion in its own right. [Nov 2009, p.111]"
Uncut,50,"There is no such contrast on this album, nor much of a sense for a distinctive or special musical moment."

Q Magazine,60,"The narcotic haze of early singles is missed, but their knack with a loping pop hook is still ever-present and thier euphoric harmonies find new perches in 'Back Where We Started' and 'Twit Twoo.' [Aug 2009, p.109]"
Alternative Press,50,"Pleasant young fellows cause record reviewer to suffer acute fit of niceness."
BBC Music,40,"If plodding indie-by-numbers with the odd nice tune thrown in is your bag, jump right in. Those seeking a bit more invention may care to look elsewhere."
Rock Sound,40,"Occasionally, Etheridge's romantic fumblings have a certain awkward charm--notably on the bittersweet Encouraging Signs, which finds him 'quickstepping' over rooftops to get to a lover's house--but it will be a miracle if they make it to album number three."
AllMusic,40,"There's nothing here to advance the small-scale acclaim gathered by their debut. [Aug 2009, p.95]"
PopMatters,30,"The message is simple: the joke isnt funny any more, last orders rang long ago and the game is well and truly up."
Sputnikmusic,20,"Don't you want to think? Don't you enjoy thinking? Or do you instead prefer listening to background whining? Are you happy to settle for this?"

Entertainment Weekly,80,"A gorgeous, swoonsome album that electrifies and stimulates in all the right places."
Boston Globe,80,"A palatial record. [Mar 2009, p.89]"
AllMusic,80,"For Radio Wars, producer Dan Grech-Marguerat has opened out their sound, but the atmosphere of intrigue remains. [Apr 2009, p.98]"
Sputnikmusic,70,"Radio Wars demands its listeners heed that siren song, and it's truthfully hard to resist."
PopMatters,70,"Based solely on its musical sensibilities and lyricism one couldnt say Radio Wars was a more mature effort than its predecessor. But given that it indicates its creators comfort in their being, it certainly sounds grown up."
Rolling Stone,63,"Too often on Radio Wars, velvet-voiced singer Juanita Stein seems content to hover around a handful of notes, and that makes it hard to distinguish this stuff from similarly styled fare by the Duke Spirit or Doves."
The Boston Phoenix,61,"Sometimes wars are won with persistence and numbers alone, after all. And in any case, when you're cruising along in a pleasure craft as nice and reliable as this one, it's all right to tread a little water."
Q Magazine,60,"They hail from sunny Sydney, but this solid second set cements the Bells firmly in rock's melancholia tradition, echoing the Bunnymen and Tindersticks."
Filter,60,"The album's first half conceals those weaknesses beneath dramatic arrangements, but the law of diminishing returns sets in by the midway point."
The A.V. Club,60,"There exists a plodding, phoned-in emotional evenness here which, for a band trading on matters of the soul, is a big problem and one that will stop them entering the arenas those strings were employed for."
Clash Music,60,"[The new sound] works well on single 'Cities Burning Down,' which glides by catchily with a curious mix of muscle and lethargy, but it's less welcome on the cod-psychedlic 'Let's Be Kids' or the trite 'Golden Web,' both which are cosmetically seemless, but lack depth. [Apr 2009, p.105]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"All in all though, Radio Wars is disappointingly average; pleasant but fairly forgettable, and in contrast to its misleading title, should really have been named Radio Friendly instead."
BBC Music,60,"On their second album, Radio Wars, the Bells deliver billowy dream pop accented with atmospheric guitars, string arrangements and digitized beats."
AllMusic,50,"Howling Bells fall into the same trap that kills most sorta-weird rock bands when they try to write a more popular sophomore album: Everything sounds bigger, but everything is easily more forgettable."
Billboard.com,50,"The way that Howling Bells constructed Radio Wars relies on strong melodies, hooks, songs, songs that arent really there, ideas not quite developed."
Paste Magazine,40,"Musically, it's all mid-tempo indie-by-numbers, shimmery enough to accompany an scene of upbeat emotion in Dawson's Creek; yet sufficiently credible, as indie so often is, to provide the soundtrack to a montage of trailers in an advert for a new Film 4 season."

Pitchfork,70,"Not everything works--Tisdale isn't convincing when she tries to deal in either pain or carnality, but when she sticks to the surface, she makes sure that Guilty Pleasure lives up to its title."
Uncut,58,"At 24, though, she's still treading an overly familiar pop-rock trail already better blazed by 16-year-old Miley Cyrus, and Guilty Pleasure isn't so much pleasurable as simply vapid."
Mojo,50,"Power ballad 'What If' reveals that Tisdale can deliver the radio-ready goods, and 'Tell Me Lies' is convincingly spunky. But the rest of the material, as racy as it sometimes is, doesn't give the singer room to comfortably let loose."
The Wire,40,"Ms. Tisdale, an average singer, gasps on 'Hot Mess.' 'Im leaving every piece of my conscience behind.' But being bad, it turns out, is sort of boring."
Under The Radar,37,"There are a few glimmers of hope; Tisdale has said her heroes are Pat Benatar and Kelly Clarkson. But to succeed in the crowded hallways of teen pop, she'll have to be as fearless a misfit as those two bad girls--and not feel guilty about it in the morning."
Urb,30,"By chasing trends in an attempt to stay current, Guilty Pleasure sounds hopelessly dated and out-of-touch in the ever changing pop marketplace."

AllMusic,100,"With the original foursome reunited it's as well that Midlife dwells mainly on the music they made together. As a playlist of what Blur were and capable of, it suggests a band with few peers."
The A.V. Club,100,"Whatever the future holds, few bands fit as well into their time as the Blur captured here."
Delusions of Adequacy,100,"What's in here finds the band inventive, unfailingly tuneful, and, rather belying the title, mellowing magnificently with age. [Aug 2009, p.87]"
PopMatters,94,"Despite the cries about careerism, they rarely settled into one spot for long, and even when they were correctly perceived to have done so--about one half of The Great Escape really is a Parklife retread--they were still spreading their collective wings on album tracks and B-sides."
Under The Radar,80,"while Midlife could have used a heavier dose of this side of Blur, there's not a bad track here, and the set also brings their glorious, epoch-creating single 'Popscene' back into circulation."
Uncut,80,"At a safe distance from Britpop's glare, Midlife justly represents Blur as national treasures, as emotionally rich and hungry for progress as ardiohead, only catchier. [Aug 2009, p.116]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"That the group could go from the sneering jauntiness of 'Girls And Boys' to the paranoid anxiety of 'Song 2' with no drop in hook-effectiveness is startling in itself; that it managed to continuously and effortlessly navigate th incomprehensible expanse between The Kinks and Brian Eno is an utterly singular achievement. [Summer 2009, p.94]"
Pitchfork,80,"Whether or not Blur ever record together again, Midlife is a satisfying overview for a band that was a cornerstone of a music scene and whose music is still as vibrant and exciting today as it ever was."
NOW Magazine,75,"Blur may not have gotten the adulation they deserved in the states during their heyday, but Midlife is a solid move to reevaluate Blurs position in the pantheon."
Q Magazine,70,"Blur went from wanna-be's ('Popscene') to provocateurs ('Parklife') to artistes ('Beetlebum') to world travelers ('Good Song'), and, rare moments of torpid dross aside, remained fascinating with each mood change."
Uncut,50,"At 59 and 48 minutes each, with space left to fill on both CDs, the labels lack of curiosity about these more obscure sections of the Blur discography seems negligent."

AllMusic,80,"The Cambridge collective employs its considerable--and considerably appealing--strengths with gleeful assurance. Euphoric cross-hatched harmonies; gobs of fuzzy, low-end guitars; and various embellishments (mellotron, organ, Casio synth guitar, etc.) make the whole shebang sound like one big, loopy carousel ride at a cracked carnival."
BBC Music,75,"Paint the Fence Invisible couples sparseness and creative vibrancy, with every untreated strum and vocal crack complimented by a subtle twist in the expected arrangement."
musicOMH.com,71,"Drug Rug have allowed a bit of the drawl of their early work to carry over here, and even when they're playing it fairly straight, there's something slightly twisted about their melodies."
The Guardian,70,"They are retro-pop Boy Scouts who will leave each listener a little better than when they found them. [Summer 2009, p.60]"
Hot Press,40,"At more than five minutes, 'Noah's Rules' is the longest song on Paint the Fence Invisible, symptomatic of the albums most crucial problems: too much and, simultaneously and somewhat paradoxically, much too little."

Dot Music,80,"Theyve crafted an album that stands on familiar rock ground but isnt at all stock."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"It comes a little unstuck by the end of course, but overall this is a delight, going bump in the night in more ways than one."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"As guitarist Russell Marsden steps aside to let bassist Emma Richardson sing, it's less White Stripes, more Brody Dale, but momentum is maintained. [Oct 2009, p.91]"
Filter,75,"From start to finish, you might think youre listening to six different albums, but chances are solid that youll like at least a couple of those."
BBC Music,60,"Baby Darling Doll Face Honey is a promising debut from a band with more than one talented songwriter and more than a few ideas rolling around their collective heads."
Mojo,60,"They're better when they throw off the straightjacket of cool. [Oct 2009, p.107]"
musicOMH.com,40,"of the songs on Baby Darling Doll Face Honey have forgettable lyrics, bland, fuzz-wah guitar noodling, and an overwhelming sense of melodrama."

The Guardian,80,"This second is a well-crafted collection that finds McClure pondering his place in a rotten world. [Aug 2009, p.102]"
Q Magazine,70,"In the final reckoning, a solid album is raised a bar by its direct communication, illustrated by the closing 'Hard Time For Dreamers.'"
AllMusic,60,"Mostly, Jon McLure's against Bad Stuff and in favour of Good Stuff, as well as being dead keen on 90s sounding dance-rock."
Drowned In Sound,60,"McClure has since retracted his retirement outburst, and rightly so: a third attempt might make him a contender. [Aug 2009, p.95]"
PopMatters,40,"A French Kiss In The Chaos is neither artistically interesting nor indeed very good."
No Ripcord,40,"The Makers' second album is little but clumsily scribbled know-yer-enemy style juvenilia."
Uncut,30,"The big-beated momentum of yore is bogged down in McClure's new graceless Gallagher sneer and left to stagnate by a band more interested in re-heating anaemic Kasabian-esque psychedelia than building a plinth from which to preach."

Under The Radar,70,"Norwegian masters of melancholic synth-pop get back to basics."
Dusted Magazine,60,"The kind of album that sounds like it should be No 1 in Germany, which, of course, it was recently."
Pitchfork,60,"Foot of the Mountain's core consists of the same grown-up wistfulness that's powered Barlow and company's comeback."
The Guardian,60,"It takes a while to move beyond prettily pleasant, but the band's pining melancholy kicks in on 'What There Is' and 'Real Meaning.' [Sep 2009, p.79]"
Clash Music,50,"The standard of the songs never rises above the mildly pleasant, and occasionally - as on the self-consciously 'widescreen' title track or the wetter-than-a-fish's-wet-bits Mother Nature Goes To Heaven - it's pat and drab."

Drowned In Sound,91,"Battlefield actually contains enough ?potential hits to keep the singer in heavy rotation until well into Idol's 10th season."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Battlefield, her expertly constructed second album, upholds a darker, more experienced tone without losing an ounce of melodrama."
Paste Magazine,70,"Lyrical themes get a bit murkier on her appropriately titled sophomore effort, Battlefield."
The A.V. Club,60,"As nice as it is to hear Sparks continuing to dabble in dance-pop, though, one wonders if it would have been a smarter move in terms of career longevity to try to build on the urban audience she started to cultivate with 'No Air.'"
Pitchfork,60,"Regrettably, though, Sparks sounds more comfortable with power ballads such as 'No Parade;' and there's an inner Pat Benatar struggling to get out on the title track. OK if you like this kind of thing."
BBC Music,60,"Because the sound is of paramount importance, this does succeed as pure radio-ready product, which is enough for Sparks to sustain her momentum if not enough to give her some kind of identity to build a career upon."
musicOMH.com,60,"Britney Spears, Rihanna, Kelly Clarkson, Beyonce and Leanne Rimes are all artists Sparks' music evokes, but very little of it could be said to be distinctly hers."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"Sparks emotes about bad love amid beats that mix snazzy electro with stadium-rock bigness. She also comes off like a scrubbed-up deep feeler who doesn't distinguish herself."
Dot Music,50,"The album lags in its second half with songs that feel half-baked and are not aided by clever production. Many were penned by Sparks, whose writing abilities are far from hopeless; they simply need more development."
Mojo,40,"Safe is only good in baseball, but in pop music it can be numbing, and such dull tunes like 'No Parade' or 'Let It Rain' find the singer trying to inject some life into music even she must realize is D.O.A."

Q Magazine,91,"Fans can breathe easy: The weirdness that so delights them isn't Going anywhere just yet."
AllMusic,90,"The Fiery Furnaces are more than capable of producing catchy three-minute pop songs. They simply waited until now to do so, resulting in one of their best albums yet."
Boston Globe,83,"Im Going Away wont surprise anyone familiar with the Friedbergers predilection for chopped-up blues riffs, martial rhythms, bebop breaks, three-or-four-word choruses, and impenetrably insular folklore. But now neophytes have an easier way in to one of modern rocks most adventurous acts."
Spin,80,"I'm Going Away is a departure that fits in with the rest of the Fiery Furnaces' work, and it's only fitting that a band this creative can pull something like that off."
PopMatters,80,"Im Going Away is striking for its group sound; the Furnaces play with more air around them, more flexibility and interaction."
Under The Radar,80,"The album is best appreciated as a pleasurable pop treat from a group whose vision is ever broadening."
American Songwriter,80,"It's their most instantly accessible effort after 'Bark,' with a dozen catchy tunes packed inside 47 easy, breezy minutes."
Uncut,80,"Im Going Away sees The Fiery Furnaces abandon their surrealist tendencies to work outside their comfort zone, experimenting with structure and euphony to reassert their status as our most vital musical siblings."
Rolling Stone,80,"The music and mood's emotional connection makes the Furnaces a band to love at last. [Sep 2009, p.95]"
The A.V. Club,80,"Its been a while since Fiery Furnaces released an album with songs that stick in your head. Im Going Away, the Brooklyn bands eighth release, is full of them."
musicOMH.com,78,"The Fiery Furnaces will always be arty and precious, but they definitely know their way around a good tune. Have a drink and sing along."
Alternative Press,73,"Im Going Away is another absorbing mile on the Furnaces flight from indie-rock convention."
Clash Music,70,"Im Going Away finds the band embellishing on their debut, the criminally underrated 'Gallowsbirds Bark,' which also found the band at their most melodic."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Throughout Away you're often amazed at how normal these track are. [Summer 2009, p.61]"
Slant Magazine,70,"The new album's lyrical plotlines feel more organized than on past efforts, and musical twists are easier to follow, with Matthew's piano grounding the recording."
Billboard.com,70,"Im Going Away is a good record, it just doesnt really sound like the Fiery Furnaces. Though for some, Im sure, thatll be very welcome news indeed."
Entertainment Weekly,64,"I'm Going Away is a decent road, but don't worry; you'll be able to put it dow. [Summer 2009, p.94]"
Pitchfork,60,"The use of repetition as a substitute for size is intriguing, but in the end it has the same deadening effect as the band's earlier use of overcomplicated compositions, creating music defined by a few overpowering elements rather than its intelligence or melodic dexterity."
Spin,60,"Whereas The Fiery Furnaces used to suffer from a lack of restraint, they suffer here from having too much."
Under The Radar,60,"Like previous albums, I'm Going Away is long on imaginative-but-uncatchy brain ticklers."
Paste Magazine,60,"The band have hardly been better than on that EPs opening three song suite and thats what is so frustrating about Im Going Away; its not a bad album, but the band are capable of so much more; the title of the album is at least apt in that the Friedbergers dont sound like they are here for this record, it sounds like they already left and phoned this one in."
PopMatters,40,"They rather more resemble the wilfully over-wrought pastiches of Flight Of The Conchords, but without the jokes. [Sep 2009, p.82]"

AllMusic,88,"Working out of his home studio, Sweet--joined by drummer Ric Menck and multi-instrumentalist Greg Leisz--nails every sonic nuance, buried under cumulous clouds of glorious boy/girl harmonies."
Delusions of Adequacy,75,"The result is a skilled and, if you like extremely faithful covers, enjoyable set."
Uncut,70,"Some might fit a little too perfectly, so close to the originals that there doesnt seem to be much point. But they best serve as reminders about what was so great about them to begin with."
Filter,60,"The influence of that 1972 double LP can be heard in the similarly homespun production of Under the Covers, Vol. 2 but where Rundgren was open-ended, Sweet neatly ties up every loose end with the care of a pop fetishist, making sure all the harmonies and guitar licks are in place, never adding any untasteful elements."
Sputnikmusic,60,"If Vol. 2 feels oddly rote, it'll still be interesting to hear how the pair might tackle the music of their actual contemporaries should they move into the '80s and '90s on subsequent outings."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"It's a strangely stilted approach on songs. [Sep 2009, p.92]"
Rolling Stone,60,"It finds the duo moving ahead one decade, though very little else in their repertoire has changed."
No Ripcord,60,"Sweet and Hoffss pedigree separates this covers comp from the chaff, which is why people like Lindsey Buckingham guest on their inspired version of Fleetwood Macs 'Second Hand News' and George Harrisons kid, Dhani, on their take on 'Beware Of Darkness.'"
Dot Music,60,"It's not essential, but it is a sunny delight. [Oct 2009, p.117]"
Hot Press,50,"As for the album as a whole, Sweet and Hoffs are consummate professionals and they dutifully bring their best; however, they have yet to answer the question of why one should listen to their versions instead of the originals."
cokemachineglow,40,"Aside from sime sly gender-bending and lovable kitsch, there just isn't much interpretive room to roam. [Aug 2009, p.105]"
The Boston Phoenix,40,"Every new power-pop tune produced in the last 30 years is already a practical cover of these songs, so producing actual covers of them is redundant."

Mojo,91,"The sympathetic accompaniment of his expansive band--which abandons its on-stage Crazy Horse roar to operate in a spare, desolate gray area between funeral-paced country and bloodshot soul on the quietly breathtaking Josephine--does nothing to make Molina seem any less alone."
BBC Music,86,"Josephine isn't a drastically different approach for Magnolia Electric Co., but it's a lovely one that bears repeated listening, preferably at night while alone on the open road. [Summer 2009, p.94]"
The Guardian,85,"It's at times fragile, at times bolstering, at times bittersweet, at times even triumphant, but it's timeless all the same."
NOW Magazine,80,"Molina has a consistent--if downcast--view of the world in his songs, and the canvas he uses to express it does so perfectly."
Boston Globe,80,"Theres a nocturnal ambience in places, a mythic sensibility throughout, but plenty of light in the dark."
Q Magazine,80,"This is the record Evan Farrell wanted to make, its the bands humble attempt to honor their friend, and it must be a small comfort to know that in their loss they have created something this beautiful."
The A.V. Club,80,"The constant, keenig purity of Ohiona Molina's vocals save all this from becoming too relentlessly dispiriting. [Aug 2009, p.104"
Boston Globe,80,"Who knows if Josephine will ultimately have the staying power of Molinas very best work, but he and his band are back doing what they do best--and, for all the talk of ramblers heading for the horizon, they finally sound at home."
AllMusic,80,"Molina here opts for a more expansive spproach with reedy harmonies, horns, soulful guitars and gospel piano. [Aug 2009, p.100]"
The New York Times,70,"Rather than wallow morosely, he uses death as the focal point for an expressive song cycle that takes in the whole realm of life, with darkness frequently felt but not always the dominant emotion."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Backed by a fine team of multi-instrumentalists, Molina delivers a harrowing set of songs with short running times and minimalist arrangements."
Q Magazine,63,"Despite the injection of hope and a denser sound courtesy of Steve Albini, as well as good execution throughout, most of the songs tread familiar territory."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Its the most countrified record hes released and, as such, lacks some of the more distinctive and heart-breaking qualities shared by his best work."
PopMatters,60,"Plenty to like, but it's hard to love Jospehine. [Summer 2009, p.61]"
Los Angeles Times,60,"With the title character appearing in several songs amid frequent descriptions of desert landscape, Josephine sounds like a concept album, at times tedious or academic....The Co. redeem these songs by creating beautiful scenery for Molinas long, hard drive."
Paste Magazine,56,"There are real, new stylistic portents here. But Josephine mostly suggests new directions rather than moving in them, and the traceless ache of its muddy middle-third ('Hope Dies Last,' 'The Handing Down,' 'Map of the Falling Sky') is burdensome."

American Songwriter,90,"Put simply, it's a deeply beautiful record."
Rolling Stone,85,"An hour or so later I finally succumbed to my bed, content. I can only imagine Riceboy does so in kind."
Slant Magazine,83,"It's more than just the counterpoint to electronic instrumental buzz-bands like Ratatat and Animal Collective; it's 68 minutes of intricate tension-building and release, with a keen eye towards the redemptive powers of contemplation--and nature sounds."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Riceboy Sleeps has all the majestic calm of Sigur Ros with none of the dramatic storm, all of the lull and none of the squall."
Billboard.com,80,"Riceboy Sleeps is more like a film, shot exquisitely in various breathtaking spaces, where the plot never moves forward because nothing ever goes wrong."
BBC Music,80,"This is beautifully fragile music, not disposable but built to last."
Chicago Tribune,80,"It all combines to make a delicate, sad, little record, but one that ripples with beauty."
Pitchfork,80,"Given that Sigur Ros seem to be going to increasing lengths with each record to seem less abstract and more human, a collection that unbinds itself from those constraints is, it turns out, a justifiable and often awe-inspiring exercise."
Under The Radar,80,"These nine abstract sound paintings strip away the guitars, drums and vocals of Sigur Ros to liberate the avant-classical spirit within. [Aug 2009, p.87]"
Uncut,80,"At times introspective, often breathtaking, and at no stage executed in any other way than meticulous perfection, to the patient listener Riceboy Sleeps is a masterpiece of generative ambience."
Mojo,75,"Slowly bowed strings mingle with chimes and occasional vocals on highlights 'Indian Summer' and the 'Boy 1904,' but pretty much all of Riceboy Sleeps stands to mesmerize if met in the right acquiescent mood."
Austin Chronicle,74,"It's true that Riceboy Sleeps is no departure from New Age, is in fact a strengthening of at least Birgisson's place at the centre of its indie iterations. But it also takes the formula of another band a lot of people like and bends it just enough to make that formula interesting again."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"Mostly wordless and free of Birgisson's trademark rapturous build-and-release, Riceboy Sleeps is more ideally suited for yoga poses or total headphone absorption."
AllMusic,60,"While not an album for those expecting the driving, energetic thump of 'Inni Mer Syngur Vitleysinger,' Riceboy Sleeps is an excellent introduction to Birgisson and Somer's work. [Summer 2009, p.62]"
Rolling Stone,60,"The strongest parts of this record have a yearning, almost devotional quality which can unlock something in the patient listeners. [Aug 2009, p.96]"
PopMatters,60,"If they cut out about half of the songs and focused more on the parts that sounded less like Sigur Ros, Riceboy Sleeps would be a much stronger record."
Under The Radar,53,"Riceboy Sleeps can keep you company in your cubicle or gridlock traffic."
Uncut,50,"Riceboy Sleeps isn't quite awful; on the contrary, there is enough warmth and prettiness to give the record some value. But by the same token, it's certainly not fantastic either, and therein lies the great problem with the whole project."
AllMusic,50,"Riceboy Sleeps is an elegiac set of powerfully evocative songs, functioning at its best as lovely background music while flipping through the pages of the art book it's bundled with. Listened to unaccompanied and in its entirety, the experience is frustrating and unpleasant, and its bloated feel renders a lot of it impotent."
BBC Music,40,"Riceboy Sleeps' is a tedious album of orchestral drones, produced by manipulating piano, strings and choir samples on solar-powered laptops"

Uncut,75,"When she breaks from her 'Sex and the City' act for Mouse-loving millennials, the 16-year-old shows refreshing versatility."
Under The Radar,70,"Not quite as much fun, but still fun."
Mojo,67,"Most of these tunes are standard-issue pop-rock, handled by Lovato with utter competence."
musicOMH.com,62,"Along with some quiet surprises, there are also potential hits, including the first single/title track, where Lovato almost sounds like Kelly Clarkson's kid sister."
Q Magazine,60,"Lovato has chops and spunk akin to a fellow Texas pop singer, though her voice doesn't churn with Kelly Clarkson's gutsy heart yet."
AllMusic,50,"Its obvious the young singer has lots of work ahead of her if she wants to truly cement herself as a serious, viable pop/rock artist outside of the Disney mold. But given the context, Here We Go Again is certainly enjoyable to some scale."

Urb,91,"Wye Oak isnt breaking any new ground in the exciting field of drone-exploration, but the bands tone is striking--like a tuning fork with the blues."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"Lost in most of the noise and clutter was Jenn Wasners fantastic voice and Andy Stacks ability as a wall of sound creator. On their new album, The Knot, these skills are not only refined but they showcase a wider, more advanced decadence and a band that sounds that much better, because of it."
The A.V. Club,80,"The Knot turns the cliche about sophomore slumps on its head by being much stronger than If Children."
Paste Magazine,80,"In their triumph theyve laid claim to one of the most touching and breathtaking albums of 2009, one with a clear sense of its own power and dynamics that ring true."
NOW Magazine,80,"The Knot isnt a happy album by any stretch of the imagination, but optimism can be found within the notion that Wassner and Stack, by some strange alchemy, make sadness beautiful. In so doing, they have made an album that needs to be heard."
The New York Times,80,"Although it falls a few steps shy of wowing unreservedly, The Knot remains a poised and compelling second album."
American Songwriter,80,"If you want epic, check out the eight-minute sprawl of 'Mary Is Mary.' For a bit more raw noise terror, try the speed-rush of 'Tattoo.' [Nov 2009, p.117]"
Drowned In Sound,79,"The Knot may not be a full-out Great Album, but it does contain a lot of moments that are dangerously close, and taken as a whole it is surprisingly well-developed for a band still getting started."
Q Magazine,70,"The Knot displays a band more confident of itself and its powers. [Summer 2009, p.63]"
Billboard.com,62,"THe Knot is an iron-willed, albeit reserved, expansion of the duo's sound. [Summer 2009, p.106]"
Rolling Stone,60,"The record isn't a failure by any stretch; there is enough going on to make it at least worth a listen or two if you love the sound of 1990s American indie rock as much as Wye Oak do."
Spin,60,"Their distinct blend of shoegaze and Americana sounds more natural than it should, while remaining, at most, vaguely reminiscent of other bands. Once the clarity of their songwriting matches their musical vision, there wont be any need to keep peppering praise with regret."
Sputnikmusic,60,"It's Wye Oak's arrangements--feedback blasts, tape-loop-like effects, violin and pedal steel sighs--that turn standard indie-rock ballads into unusually evocative mood music."
PopMatters,59,"Songs rarely pick up from a crawl. Sustained guitar chords fan out and crush whatever momentum the band gets going. The bursts of distortion that colored If Children are almost pornographically expanded."

Pitchfork,80,"Blue Roses is a startling debut, a record that oozes warmth and charm whilst revealing itself slowly and patiently."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Blue Roses, you see, is less Nash and more Bush, a dizzyingly beautiful set of delicate folk songs that sound like theyve been sprinkled with pixie dust and reincarnated from some perfect bygone age."
Under The Radar,80,"It's tempting to say that Groves makes music mature beyond her tender years, but tha's wrong. It would be stunning no matter how old she was. [Jun 2009, p.117]"
Uncut,78,"Blue Roses makes it clear that Groves is inordinately talented and working with big portions of audacity and acumen."
Billboard.com,60,"Alternating between fingerpicked acoustic and electric, the remaining tracks are hardly deficient of introverted charm, but with the exception of the semi-propulsive 'Rebecca,' the pace is sluggish at best, resulting in a collection of songs best listened to in threes, or all at once with one's forehead pressed against the window waiting for the rain to pass."
American Songwriter,60,"Those with a low tolerance for navel-gazing are advised to steer clear, but there's plenty to cherish here."
AllMusic,60,"When Blue Roses fails, the reasons are all-too-clear, but when it succeeds it sounds like the work of someone who could leave a lasting mark."

musicOMH.com,80,"The record doesn't particularly sound like anything Our Lady Peace has done in the past, but maybe that is what's so exciting about the quartet's seventh release."
Mojo,70,"The disc, produced by the band, is tighter, focused, and much more melodic than in the past. While most of it is fiery, some of the best moments ('Signs of Life') recognize that its often as important to glow as it is to burn."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"One almost gets the impression that the band wanted to test the waters to see if they could still work together without killing each other, and if they couldnt, the only ones affected would be themselves. Turns out, they could, and the result is their most intimate, immediate album to date."
The Boston Phoenix,50,"The textures are right but Our Lady Peace remain deficient in hooks and melodies, something that didn't matter as much when their sound boiled with indignation instead of merely simmering, as it does here."
Paste Magazine,50,"while the first single, 'All You Did Was Save My Life,' provides some much-needed bite, 'Burn Burn' is ultimately ballad-heavy and one-dimensional."

BBC Music,80,"Nothing here is flashy, which is keeping in a long tradition of Hunter's and is yet another reason why he's often called underrated, but when he's making records as rich and resonant as Man Overboard at the age of 70, it's hard not to listen with not a small degree of wonder."
Los Angeles Times,80,"The New Milford transplant has released a slew of solo albums, including the excellent new collection Man Overboard."
PopMatters,80,"Man Overboard doesnt quite scale the heights of its predecessor, even containing a stumble or two ('Girl From The Office,' with Hunter playing the cad, falls flat), but it still offers plenty."
Uncut,80,"[It is] a testament to Hunter's ongoing vim. [Sep 2009, p.96]"
Q Magazine,50,"To hear a half-dozen sappy love songs from this notoriously poison pen, well, what the world needs now from Hunter is not love, sweet love."

Slant Magazine,91,"Combining Motown falsettos and the best of late-'60s groove rock with spacey loops and hipster-art-collective ?sing-alongs, they deliver a sound that's friendly and familiar without being derivative; it's a sort of retrofitted make-out van on a club crawl."
BBC Music,80,"The band are able to overcome the production errors through Gourley's elastic vocal counterpoint, bassist Zachary Scott Carothers' pocket-groping lines and licks so gooey they recall a time when Keith Richards could speak in complete sentences. [Aug 2009, p.110]"
PopMatters,80,"Rather than indulging the impulse to ride grooves this mellow off into the sunset, the band keeps one eye trained on the meter (most songs clock in under three minutes), while the other drifts off into the clouds, like on the 60s-era antiwar singalong 'People Say.'"
The Boston Phoenix,80,"The music is, as ever, varied and interesting. The Satanic Satanist is a guitar-centric album and it is all the better for it, as Gourley has a unique knack for riffs and leads."
Sputnikmusic,80,"The Satanic Satanist constructs an exquisite medium between indie music and hard rock."
Pitchfork,74,"Where do these ever-evolving Portlanders go from here? It's anyone's guess, but their latest effort sends them off in the right direction. [Summer 2009, p.106]"
Pitchfork,70,"The result is a (surprisingly) coherent and effective soul-and-funk-inspired album that doesn't try to overstep itself. [Summer 2009, p.62]"
AllMusic,70,"As a whole The Satanic Satanists is an enjoyable listen with dynamic arrangements that, while they never stray too far from pops narrow confines, rarely sound formulaic."
BBC Music,65,"While it's certainly enjoyable, it's also a bit more generic than anything they've done before."

New Musical Express (NME),70,"Sugar Ray can sometimes try too hard to seem younger than their years, pushing the dance beats a little bit too hard, and Mark McGrath relies on some unseemly Auto-Tune, but even with this too-evident aural botox, the group remains a guilty pleasure that's a bit hard to resist."
Austin Chronicle,67,"Mark McGrath & Co. are back after six years with Music for Cougars, and still churning out affable pop-rock for various beer-commercial activities (beach volleyball, slo-mo water-balloon fights)."
cokemachineglow,60,"Overall, Sugar Ray sticks to what it does best: helping audiences realize that there's no better alternative to a California fun-in-the sun day at the beach."
Prefix Magazine,50,"These days, of course, the documentary vibe of the band's earlier stuff has transformed into an air of escapism -- not for nothing is one track titled 'When We Were Young.' But that hardly detracts from the crafty throwaway pleasures at which Sugar Ray still excels; in fact, it actually provides a touch of sweetness that helps temper McGrath's innate sleaze factor."
No Ripcord,40,"A more mature direction for the music seems to be a good next step, since by this point the band is literally declaring an aging target market in an album title."
musicOMH.com,40,"On their sixth album they're still turning out pop rock so good-natured it practically gives you a big smile and a fist-bump."

The A.V. Club,100,"Megafaun fits squarely in the bearded Caucasian folkie camp, but the ethereal Gather, Form & Fly is far too extraterrestrial-sounding to be bound to this planet, much less this country."
The Boston Phoenix,81,"All the sounds and ideas emanate from the same sources and desires, and the prismatic contrasts between them illuminate this intriguing and heartfelt album."
PopMatters,80,"Gather, Form & Fly is a stunning leap forward for a great young band."
Slant Magazine,80,"With their masterful use of texture and loose regard for conventional structure, Megafaun is among the few modern folk acts capable of pulling off real surprises. That they also pull off genuine pathos and sincerity makes Gather all the more rare an achievement."
Q Magazine,80,"Gather, Form & Fly extends Megafauns back-porch mad science into unexpectedly epic realms, including straight blues and even pure pop, embellished with skronky, experimental sound effects."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"It is a record which drinks deeply from the well of the past but could only have been made today. Megafaun have cast off the weight of the canon and are spreading their wings."
Uncut,80,"Mostly these provoke wows and crikeys of crooked pleasure. [Jan 2010, p.93]"
The Boston Phoenix,73,"Gather, Form & Fly is a bright record full of energy and dynamism even in its most cacophonous sound collages, but whats so frustrating--what becomes more urgent with every listen--is how great this album could have been."
AllMusic,70,"Its just a solid album that, like the title implies, holds onto its historical surroundings as much as it moves beyond them."
XLR8r,70,"Megafaun continue to move further out from underneath the shadow of their ex-fourth member, Bon Iver's Justin Vernon. [Summer 2009, p.74]"
Dusted Magazine,60,"Megafaun are just as taken by quietly tortured dark-night-of-the-soul whisperings, lo-fi oddities, and shards of feedback shade as they are of banjos and summertime evenings, giving Gather, Form and Fly a bit of an unsettled edge at various points."
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"It ain't always pretty. [Oct 2009, p.104]"

Pitchfork,80,"Lights debut was a strange, beautiful thing, and one of my favorite debuts of last year. Rites is bigger, sharper and in all ways better. Lights just got a good deal brighter."
Under The Radar,77,"That's what's so great about it, though; save the Vaseline-on-lens Fleetwood Mac number that closes things out, there's nary a dull patch or an awkward spot to be found here, just a sublime (if sorta schizoid) trip through the warmest, spaciest parts of your record collection."
musicOMH.com,70,"While there's no shortage of stylistic/historical touchstones for the wildly varied batch of tracks that makes up Rites, there's some indefinable thread connecting it all, ultimately giving the band members their own sound whether they really want one or not."
Clash Music,60,"Full of craft and purpose, enchanting and creative, Rites is a promising tease of better things to come."

Billboard.com,88,"This Seattle wunderkind trio's debut full-length arrives like a freaky reward from a cosmos that has watched us persevere through 15 years of tightening jeans, steadily ramping foppism, and the crushingly beige influence of adult-contempo alt-country."
Dot Music,70,"Repetitive, psyche-battering noise obscures things--most of the songs sound like there was a jackhammer nearby during recording--yet, after a couple of times through, its easy enough to discern pop hooks."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"On this, their debut, theyve shown us they can pull downtrodden bents as good as anyone. But Im being serious, serious rock band: on your next record I want to hear something more Pope-like."
Q Magazine,67,"There is no pretense in their simple arrangements, but you can hear their motor revving, and you know they'll never run out of gas."
Mojo,60,"Talbot Tagora are the latest Left Coast noisemakers to keep your eye on."

NOW Magazine,80,"Gorgeous Johnny may be too well crafted for the band's traditional-leaning fans, but its highlights are hard to resist."
The Guardian,80,"All of the songs here are strong enough to be bolstered (rather than swamped) by their rococo touches and period piece flourishes."
Los Angeles Times,80,"The core idea brings a bright focus and forward movement to their gummy, ambrosial stoner sound, adding bright melody and fairytale zing to these end-of-summer tales of beachbound escape and smalltown torpor. [Nov 2009, p.101]"
PopMatters,80,"The conceit, owing as much to Thomas Pynchon as it does to the Grateful Dead, and songs like 'Jehovah Will Never Come' remain delightful. [Nov 2009, p.104]"
AllMusic,70,"The guitars are jangly and questionably tuned; the drums are doused in whiskey but always manage to keep the train moving; and the vocals are passionately out-of-key but always a perfect companion to the aesthetic and historical world they float within."
Drowned In Sound,70,"They are not in tune with trends, or even an aesthetic, so much as something earthier...the seasons perhaps, because theres no denying that Gorgeous Johnny has a latitude and a longitude... its the sound of a fading summer."
BBC Music,50,"In the end there are too few of those evocative moments, and Gorgeous Johnny ends up coming off as a less than inviting album."
Uncut,48,"The bulk of Gorgeous Johnny is unfortunately too earnest and too patient really to go anywhere in particular, preening like a collection of meticulously cleaned Travis demos or, at their worst, an Adam Green album without any of the dirty bits."

The A.V. Club,100,"There's no joke here--just mountains of chest-rattling primal rock designed to reassert the elemental power of the four-piece rock group. Mission accomplished."
AllMusic,91,"White's drums duke it out with Dean Fertita's guitar, mostly below the belt. Alison Mosshart doffs her s&m drag to suffer and yelp. Jack Lawrence plays bass. Fierce."
Dusted Magazine,88,"The foursome weave a dizzying web of traditions into their own rough-hewn sound, dragging vestiges of alt-rock, punk and blues through the mud to achieve an album rife with brash dissonance."
XLR8r,80,"There's no denying the quartet know how to work a mighty groove as well as set up atmospheres similar to bands remanded to the faded pages of old record-collecting magazines. [July 2009, p.126]"
Urb,80,"As you hit repeat to hear Horehound for the umpteenth time, what's remarkable is that these 11 tunes, with their sonic curveballs and causl vim, suggest that a second Dead Weather LP would be almost as welcome as the White Stripes' seventh. [Jul 2009, p.90]"
Pitchfork,80,"While the Dead Weather might not necessarily surpass the accomplishments of its impressive pedigree, its certainly more uncompromising, brutal, menacing, honest."
musicOMH.com,80,"With Raconteurs bassist Jack Lawrence and guitarist-organist Dean Fertita helping out, the pair cut Horehound in three weeks, but these are all top-notch songs, rooted in Seventies dirtbag rock."
Drowned In Sound,80,"The debut is by no means a hit-packed record, pop is firmly on the backburner here and thrillingly it's precisely this lack of obvious choruses and instead the bizarre little instrumental interludes, spooky stripped down ballads which build and build and attacking grooves that will have you coming back time and time again to it."
Under The Radar,80,"The propulsive 11-track Horehound finds the White Stripes and Raconteurs frontman every bit as able on the drums as he is on guitar."
PopMatters,75,"The first half of Horehound is just weird enough to be utterly mesmerizing, a series of ominous, fuzzed-out psycho-blues riffs that climax in the tremendous Rush-meets-Jay-Z rave-up of 'Treat Me Like Your Mother.' But creative disintegration floods the record's latter regions with less captivating bump-'n'-grindhouse grooves."
Billboard.com,75,"The songs on Horehound don't so much rock as writhe, reinstituting the idea of the blues as a sinister, morally corrupting force that's as much the province of voodoo priests and witch doctors as musicians."
The Boston Phoenix,75,"The Dead Weather is a true collaboration, with each band member providing songs (along with input into one anothers songs), and this bunch is talented enough to make even the tracks that are all mood sound just about right."
No Ripcord,75,"Horehound doesnt sound like the first album from a tossed-off side project; it crackles with the intensity of a band that has been together longer than a few months."
Tiny Mix Tapes,75,"Horehound isn't White Stripes tea-party cutesy, and it's not Raconteurs good-times eclectic--it's nothing but riffs and 'tude all the way through."
Pitchfork,70,"Given the fact that the Dead Weather formed on a whim and recorded these songs in a matter of weeks, Horehound is a compelling album, and one that shows that the band's members bring out the best in each other, albeit in unexpected ways."
AllMusic,70,"The tracks blister with attitude and grit, but the persistent monochrome grows a bit exhausting all coughed out at once. The bitter sandstorm could stand more punctuation, even if it did make Horehound less terrifying."
Drowned In Sound,70,"This album showcases the fact that every member stepped up to this creative challenge. A thoroughly enjoyable departure until we hear from Jack and Meg."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Its a maiden voyage with a few kinks that need to be worked out. One promising aspect is Whites new pet project, The Kills singer Alison Mosshart."
XLR8r,70,"Her voice simply doesn't have the heft to project the necessary menace. Despite these occasional missteps, though, Horehound establishes the Dead Weather as a fully-realized band with a sufficiently distinctive point of view that deserves serious consideration as more than just a one-off side project."
Dusted Magazine,70,"All-star collective make unholy hot-and-sweaty psycho-blues racket."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Despite the speed at which it came together, the album sounds as polished. But sometimes you wish he would reach beyond his grab-bag of influences and push out something with shocks-a-mighty."
PopMatters,60,"The Dead Weather is another slightly unsatisfying fling alongside The Raconteurs. [Jul 2009, p.84]"
Uncut,60,"It's the perfect summer album for anyone who was a huge Zeppelin fan in high school. [Summer 2009, p.60]"
Mojo,60,"As it is, it starts promising, but ends up feeling like the very thing it purports not to be: another calling card for Jack White's multifarious talents."
Under The Radar,60,"Perhaps with a bit more effort converting the jams into actual songs this would have been a worthy jump off as opposed to the album's incandescent highlight. Your forecast then, occasional flashes of brilliance but largely dreary."
The A.V. Club,60,"Its creators will surely insist that theyre proud of their work and thats all the approval they need. All the same, itd probably be nice for them if you could imagine anyone who didnt already like The White Stripes and/or The Kills buying this."
Pitchfork,60,"Horehound's strengths are also its weaknesses--the rush with which it came together, the sense that it amounts to Jack White playing to type. But like Jack White, too, when it's good, it's very, very good. [Aug 2009, p.102]"
New Musical Express (NME),50,"Away from his day job, White is less creatively liberated, and surrounding The Dead Weather there's a very strong whiff of conventional, rather clumpy Middle-America jock rock."
NOW Magazine,45,"The Dead Weather makes smegma rock. Its a squirming, nauseating label no doubt, but so is Horehound, convinced that skuzzed-up guitars and swamp blues roots demand sleaze, humidity, and grime."

Spin,100,"Daft Punk are such stellar, meticulous producers that they make any sound work, even superficially dated ones like spastic early-'80s electro/R&B ('Short Circuit') or faux-orchestral synthesizer baroque ('Veridis Quo')."
The Guardian,100,"No moment of Discovery is left unfilled with an idea, a sonic joke, a spark of brilliance.... a towering, persuasive tour de force which ultimately transcends the dance label."
Drowned In Sound,90,"Daft Punk have pulled off a brilliant wheeze by re-inventing the mid-'80s as the coolest pop era ever. And not even the officially approved retro-kitsch cool of Madonna's lukewarm excursions into post-Daft terrain but all the bubble-permed, sports-jacket-and-jeans excesses they can muster.... Mostly, though, 'Discovery' is simply fantastic pop..."
Delusions of Adequacy,90,"An early contender for the year's best dance/pop album."
No Ripcord,80,"The duo's ingenuity and willingness to push the envelope shines as brave and completely commendable. [Apr 2001, p.90]"
Dot Music,80,"Once you get past the roller-disco-house vibe of the first single, 'One More Time,' your ears and booty will twitch just fine to the booming beats and taffy-stretching grooves. [#153, p. 63]"
PopMatters,80,"Taken as a whole, 'Discovery' is a compelling concoction of styles that continually surprises."
Q Magazine,80,"It feels like a concept album -- in this case, the story of how wine-flow disco circumnavigated intellectual pretensions on all sides en route to a temporary utopia that may finally believe in nothing but the boogie but still has the infinite on its mind every minute. [June 2001, p.145]"
Uncut,75,"The beat editing and EQ wizardry still wow... but next time, less comedy, more ecstasy. [3/30/2001, p.68]"
The Boston Phoenix,70,"Matching Homework in quirkiness, buoyancy, and club-ready freak-beats, Discovery combines the best of what Daft Punk has to offer: mid-'80s synth-pop ('Digital Love'), sleazy euro-funk ('Harder Better Faster Stronger'), shake-your-booty electro-metal with spacey guitar effects ('Aerodynamic' -- Basement Jaxx meets Eddie Van Halen), and minimal, big-beat tunes that Underworld wishes it would have thought of first ('Superheroes')."
BBC Music,70,"Shortcomings like the aimless ambience of 'Nightvision' don't seem like total failures simply because the duo's attitude remains intact even when their songs fall short."
Prefix Magazine,70,"You don't even need to be strung out in a dark room full of beautiful strangers to enjoy it. [June 2001, p.158]"
The New York Times,70,"Occasionally, as on the gurgling electro-pop of 'Short Circuit,' the album actually manages to disappoint. But more often it provides the kind of intelligently produced yet universally likeable floor-fillers that keep even devoted hipsters from killing themselves when their relatives drag them to suburban dance clubs."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Listeners might tire of its mechanical edge, but luckily Daft Punk folds in a few more layers. Whether the listener believes it or not, Discovery postulates that club music can possess depth of sound and be more than a never-ending beat that simply marshals your body along with it. Thus, the songs are shorter, more eclectic and rife with hills and valleys of beat that urge you to stop and listen."
AllMusic,64,"In truth, Discovery rarely invokes its predecessor's slap-bass funk, and few other tracks resemble the obviously single-designed 'One More Time.' Instead, Daft Punk focus on fusing mid-80's Kool and the Gang R&B beats with post-millennial prog flourishes and more vocoders than you can shake at Herbie Hancock."
Austin Chronicle,60,"Not enough of this album delivers on the promise of [lead single] 'One More Time.'"
Clash Music,58,"There are better beats on the damn Jadakiss CD."
Under The Radar,52,"Too much of Discovery is relatively run-of-the-mill, lacking the pinpoint punchiness of the pair's debut."
musicOMH.com,30,"While Discovery embraces the cheesiness of the lamest of lame music, the strategy frequently comes across as gimmickry. The album isn't so much fun as it is silly, and while Daft Punk's members may just be musical smart-alecks, funk hasn't sounded this resoundingly stupid since Bootsy Collins' squiggly solo work."

Clash Music,80,"Daughtry and his band return with similar aggression on their sophomore album, Leave This Town. Daughtry's ferocious growl is still the centerpiece of the new songs, but the band has also taken a few creative risks."
musicOMH.com,75,"The blueprint of follow-up Leave This Town--chugging riffs, angsty-sensitive lyrics, here-come-the-soaring-double tracked-?choruses--may feel utterly familiar, but it's undoubtedly what the people (the people not being up for, one guesses, any major stylistic switcheroos) want."
AllMusic,70,"At best Leave This Town inches beyond its predecessor, deeply tunneled into the hard-rock mainstream but a touch more confident and eclectic."
Q Magazine,63,"This is by-the-numbers arena rock, played with muscular competence by a relatively young band showing off its chops by executing successful formulas."
Mojo,60,"They have nothing on their mind other than making basic, black-and-white modern rock, and they do so efficiently on Leave This Town, a sophomore album that's every bit as satisfying as the first."
BBC Music,60,"It takes gall to put a song called 'No Surprise' on your second disc, but gall is something Daughtry does not lack, and that's what made him one of the only bona fide rock stars to come out of American Idol."
Uncut,50,"If you called Leave This Town, his familiar-sounding sophomore effort, workmanlike, hed probably see it as a compliment. Too bad this is disappointingly generic hard rock with virtually the same formula that made his debut such a success."
Under The Radar,40,"It's a collection packed with groaning clichs and calculated banality, and while that's not so different from plenty of music in any era, Leave This Town is so formulaic, it could have come from a laboratory at DuPont, where they make plastic."
PopMatters,40,"Taking into account that half of Leave This Town was never intended for headphone listening, and is better heard blasting on a car stereo or a jukebox, it can seem somewhat picky to criticise the album for being poorly-written or for sounding like compressed dog poo."
Pitchfork,20,"Chris Daughtry has a real band that plays really serious songs, which are, almost without exception, really, really bad."

The A.V. Club,83,"After an overstuffed, unfocused sophomore LP, Toronto prog-pop act The Most Serene Republic recaptures the promise of its debut on album number three."
BBC Music,80,"...And the Ever Expanding Universe is a small wonder that easily confirms the Most Serene Republic's status as one of the most impressive acts on a Toronto pop scene that is already producing a bounty of exciting music."
Alternative Press,80,"Universe is what it is: a fun, catchy, constantly-shifting indie rock album that shows a young band finally discovering their collective voice and having the time of their lives celebrating that revelation."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"The Most Serene Republic makes its music in layers. And like the rest of the band's catalogue ...And the Ever Expanding Universe will continue to unfold listen after listen. [Summer 2009, p.62]"
musicOMH.com,70,"Instrumental compositions like the eclectically conceptual 'Patternicity 1' are interesting diversions, but its on the hard-charging 'Dont Hold Back, Feel a Little Longer' where rhythm and airy tonal elements play off one another in steady, galloping contrast, and the breezy, swinging 'Vessels of a Donor Look 2' that the band comes closest to pop economy."
Clash Music,70,"Just as theyre getting closer to solving an apparent diagnosis of identity crisis, The Most Serene Republic break the mold by being even more eclectic. A few positives abound."
No Ripcord,65,"Their latest, ...And the Ever Expanding Universe, gets grandiose in nearly all the right places; it's the singing part of the songs that could use a little beefing up."
PopMatters,63,"...The Ever Expanding Universe provides a nice excuse to put on the headphones and look up at the stars. There's nothing wrong with having one's head in the clouds, but this band could stand to make the occasional contact with earth."
Pitchfork,60,"Theres plenty of the intelligent, expansive instrumentation thats earned TMSR their band-geek badges, but despite a strong finish, Universe lacks a life-changing single."
AllMusic,50,"A primary-color blast of major-key melodies, airy boy-girl vocals, ringing guitars, skipping rhythms, brass, woodwinds, and rolling piano, the rather exhaustingly charming third album from this Canadian collective radiates with the earnest warmth of a child's finger painting."
Uncut,50,"The Most Serene Republic play it incredibly safe while maintaining thier baroque-rock rep. [Aug 2009, p.111]"
Q Magazine,30,"This game of literal musical chairs completely cripples The Most Serene Republics musical aims to the point that the albums 40-minute runtime feels 20 minutes too long."

Urb,70,"Sound may have a slight edge over the originally released version of this material, if only because it's truer to the band's initial intentions, and Dandy diehards will certainly find it worth checking out, but more casual fans who already own Monkey House can probably skip it unless they're looking for an intriguing lesson in the nuances of mixing."
Slant Magazine,70,"'Monkey House' was the band's experiment in '80s synth-rock, and with Elavedo's touch, the razor-sharp, reflective edges of the album's space-age cogs are smoothed and rounded, with the bright-hot electro-pop brought closer to loungey funk."
Under The Radar,60,"Unfortunately, despite its improvements, the album still suffers from lackadaisical and unfocused songwriting. Sure, this record is quite a bit better than the one originally released, and kudos to the band for taking the time to prove their point."
AllMusic,60,"To non-Dandys diehards, these will seem like small differences. Both albums have great, sometimes danceable pop hooks. But for Warholics, the nuances will be celebrated as re-connecting with their original artistic impulses."
Drowned In Sound,60,"An LP that once raved shamelessly now shuffles, twitchily. [Oct 2009, p.95]"
Uncut,50,"The first Monkey House is full of consistently aggressive hook-mongering; this version is all deliberately becalmed jamming and repetition. As a compare/contrast sample, its fascinating; as entertainment, its wearisome for anyone not already committed to the Warhols."

New Musical Express (NME),80,"It's one of their strongest albums, which is saying a lot for a band who've been workhorses for the past two decades. [Aug 2009, p.106]"
musicOMH.com,70,"Even if it's a little less lively, it's still pretty typical Clutch: always heavy, always solid, and ideal background music for driving a semi-truck through a swamp."
Pitchfork,70,"While the harsher edges of their previous efforts have been sanded off long ago, frontman Neil Fallon still has a bucketload of fire and brimstone left in his belly and no-one does the possessed preacher man schtick quite like him."
The Guardian,70,"Their most streamlined record in years, Strange Cousins From the West marks a return to the bands more robust sound of six years ago."
AllMusic,60,"Freakonomics proves they still pack a punch, though. [Aug 2009, p.101]"

Dusted Magazine,70,"He also brings a touch of jazz to the proceedings with hints of smoke and elegance in that voice. The songs themselves are a tuneful lot with nimble musings on love (Heaven Help Me) and the expectations of filling big shoes (Good Enough)."
musicOMH.com,67,"Melodies? Pretty mushy. Lyrics? A little dopey. Still, props to Loggins for boxing within his weight class."
No Ripcord,60,"Loggins may indeed come across like a male version on the breezy charms of Colbie Caillat but that means he's pleasant, placid, and likeable which is, in the words of the album's opening song, good enough."
PopMatters,60,"The lyrics are full of romantic turmoil--'I'm devastated with doubt,' he sings in 'Good Enough'--but Loggins' sweet tenor is too easeful an instrument to carry much angst."

Pitchfork,85,"Up From Below is an album to be commended, even if it might lead to the scourge of other hippie hipsters appearing in buses across the nation."
Paste Magazine,80,"This is intoxicating psych-indie for heady days in unbroken sunshine."
Austin Chronicle,80,"They deliver a debut of confidence and conviction. [Oct 2009, p.112]"
AllMusic,70,"Following a good few listens, Up From Below's ebb and flow is replaced with definite peaks and troughs, leaving such highlights dulled down."
Slant Magazine,70,"While perhaps slightly overlong, Up From Below is an album that is almost impossible to dislike, performed as it is with such infectious zest. [Summer 2009, p.61]"
cokemachineglow,68,"Void of irony but sounding slightly inauthentic, Edward Sharpe & The Magnetic Zeroes hit the right notes but may be a little late to the revival. [Summer 2009, p.96]"
Pitchfork,60,"Edward Sharpe & the Magnetic Zeros have crafted a love letter to Laurel Canyon and all of its quasi-mystic juju that is as infuriatingly contrived and retro as it is forward-thinking and majestic."
PopMatters,60,"The group's attempts to evoke Age of Aquarius utopianism are suffocated by self-consciousness; the record feels like an art-college thesis."
Under The Radar,60,"They might recall that the Polyphonic Spree did something very similar--until the public cottoned on to the need for more and better songs. It's easy to imagine the Zeroes turning plenty of heads before a similar letdown follows."
Alternative Press,60,"To be fair, Sharpe, a dramatic alter-ego for leader/singer Alex Ebert, does corral a few tunes infectious enough to last the distance on Broadway. [Sep 2009, p.90]"
The A.V. Club,41,"Weird to say about a hippie, but it's humanity that's missing in Sharpe's mild but mannered and certainly unmemorable music, which feels focus-grouped, stone-washed, and artificial."

Alternative Press,70,"Less accessible than his song-based albums (like 4 Track Songs, released almost simultaneously), Music for Falling from Trees is concise, focused, and well executed."
Sputnikmusic,70,"Music for Falling from Trees is somewhat reminiscent of Arcade Fire offshoot the Bell Orchestres debut album, yet it succeeds in being more of a set work, and has fewer indie signifiers, even with background noise and fuzzily mic-ed strings."
Rock Sound,70,"For fans of some of Brodericks earlier material, then, these qualities, combined with the relatively narrow range of instrumentation and short duration of the album, may prove somewhat limiting and not as immediately immersive as some of his best work."
New Musical Express (NME),67,"It's musical air-freshener at worst, and inspired homage at best. The dance's themes of infirmity and redemption are writ large in the song titles, but it's Broderick's technique, not the narrative, that captivates."
Revolver,60,"While Brodericks prescription is perfectly phrased for its purpose, as a stand-alone collection of music it has accompanying adverse side effects, i.e. it's not really a very enjoyable listen."
BBC Music,60,"Beautiful, minimal and bewitching, it is both another reason to hate Peter Broderick and another reason to admire him. [Aug 2009, p.102]"

musicOMH.com,80,"That spirit of fun infuses the whole album: the more sophisticated the music, the more boyishly excited the band sound to be playing it--a pleasure that proves infectious."
Slant Magazine,80,"To reach this pop sophistication after four albums would be admirable. In two, it's awe-inspiring. [Aug 2009, p.105]"
AllMusic,80,"It's their talent for great hooks, that gets you in the end. [Aug 2009, p.99]"
Q Magazine,70,"A glossy Sixties pop sheen hasnt just been splattered wholesale over every track but instead nicely integrated resulting in a new and engaging, but hardly incongruous, Rumble Strips noise."
Pitchfork,60,"But all too often there's the feeling that, in trying so hard to match the melodrama Ronson and Pallet have draped around him, Waller loses sight of the smaller picture and sounds confused, out of place."
Spin,60,"Welcome to the Walk Alone ends up as neither a success nor a failure; instead, it feels more like a missed opportunity compounded by a bad decision."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Beneath the glitzy production, the songwriting lacks luster--catchier tunes like 'Daniel' and 'Dem Girls' offer jaunty bouts of melodicism, but the vast majority of this elegant Brit jangle feels a bit recycled."
PopMatters,60,"Welcome To... is impressive rather than truly loveable. [Aug 2009, p.102]"
Mojo,40,"Welcome To The Walk Alone may have the skeletal blueprint of pop genius running through it like words in a stick of rock but it verges on insulting."

Drowned In Sound,80,"Sleepy Sun have managed to come up with an album that is beautifully entrancing, and doesn't encourage the listener to go to sleep before the mid point."
musicOMH.com,80,"While much of Embrace draws on the alchemic power of the jam, most notably the billowing white-noise eruption of 'White Dove,' it's a keen grasp of songwriting nuance that differentiates them from the legions of neo-psych charlatans. [Summer 2009, p.70]"
PopMatters,80,"At times, Embrace can get a little too droning and repetitive, but it's a confident and promising debut."
Uncut,75,"Their debut album, Embrace, dispenses its earth-quaking riffage in such carefully measured, perfectly spaced-out rations, it tricks you into thinking the band is much heavier than it actually is."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"So, while this is a terrific rock record, there's still not much here that our dads didn't nod-out to at Bickershaw."
AllMusic,70,"The technical virtuosity on display on Embrace is something to appreciate, but the delicate balance between their austere and manic moments, the way they bridge hazy folk and psych so frequently, needs a little more refinement."
Filter,70,"Sleepy Sun are at their best when they revel in both light and dark, unleashing throatily riffing guitars to disrupt pastoral interludes."
Pitchfork,70,"As with any album that features epic, largely instrumental tracks, pacing is paramount, and Sleepy Sun does an excellent job breaking up the Goliath tracks with hit-and-runs like Red/Black and with some lovely acoustic numbers."
Dusted Magazine,62,"Despite the album's wide-armed title and obvious sweet-leafed leanings, these may not be the kind of people you want to party with. [Spring 2009, p.102]"
Mojo,60,"Taken as a whole, Embrace is an enjoyable album. Its predictable in places, at times even a little clich, but its executed competently enough that these qualities are forgivable."
Q Magazine,60,"At points they're both elegant and, dare we say it, beautiful, so if this is the emperor's new clothes then they're wonderfully cut. [Jul 2009, p.97]"
BBC Music,60,"There is drama in those contrasts, excitement even, but nothing that administers a shot in the arm the way New Age does."
NOW Magazine,60,"Embrace plies its trade with a neat mix of musical proficiency and stylistic flexibility. [Jun 2009, p.93]"

musicOMH.com,90,"Shout it from the rooftops though--with this record, Broken Records could well have a contender for album of the year on their hands."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"Such an over-the-top approach could end in solemn self-parody. But Broken Records' refreshing playfulness and surprisingly light touch indicate they're really enjoying themselves."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Any more than a prefunctory listen to their debut album reveals a sound that resists easy categorization, poised somewhere between Nick Cave and the fiery British folk of Bellowhead and Show Of Hands. [Summer 2009, p.64]"
The A.V. Club,70,"Until the Earth Begins to Part is a very good album; each band member is skilled at his or her craft, and the album benefits from it."
Filter,70,"As far as debut albums go, Until the Earth Begins to Part may not be as important as it thinks it is, but it certainly delivers the promise of greatness."
Billboard.com,66,"Broken Records has a notable ability to convey otherworldly transit to past centuries and places, but unlike those aforementioned Americans, they sometimes take the wandering toward places too far off the beaten track. Summer 2009, p.103]"
AllMusic,60,"There are moribund string melodies here that would be at home in a BBC costume drama, and when they address global warming, their politicised folk-rock calls the distinctly unfashionable likes of the Levellers to mind."
Alternative Press,60,"The overall feeling, despite all the musical mix'n'matching is of a traditional record: a rootsy return, rather than a copy of a certain Canadian seven-piece art-rock racket. [Jul 2009, p.105]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"This is a better than promising start. [Jul 2009, p.118]"
The New York Times,50,"We have an album that displays a band with considerable potential, but which is disappointingly lacking in imagination: compositionally and lyrically."
Boston Globe,50,"With a bit of luck, Broken Records wont be afraid to indulge themselves a little more in the future, because it would be a minor tragedy to see such a worldly band opt to wallow in mediocrity"
NOW Magazine,49,"Much of Until the Earth comes off like the narrator from 'Windowsill' still telling these damn kids to get off his lawn."

Austin Chronicle,83,"This is Farrars most consistent album in years, in large part because he no longer seems to be straining so much. American Central Dust shows Farrar in his comfort zone, recording songs he knows his fans will like, and not much caring whether his detractors get on board."
Pitchfork,80,"American Central Dust doesn't have the feel of a step into new territory the way Son Volt's past two albums did, but it consolidates old strengths and confirms Jay Farrar is still an artist worth caring about to 20 years after Uncle Tupelo cut their first album."
Chicago Tribune,80,"As usual, singer and songwriter Jay Farrar has a few things on his mind, and his lyrics have grown more plain-spoken and potent with time."
Rolling Stone,80,"There's a back-to-basics feel on the mid-tempo country rockers, the slow beauties and mournful lap steel, and even on the musically warm, more upbeat, almost Tex-Mex opening song. [Sep 2009, p.92]"
Under The Radar,75,"There's an easiness and directness to these tunes that was missing the last couple of times out, aided by Joe Henry and Ryan Freeland's no-nonsense mix but owing mainly to Farrar's vivid songwriting."
Paste Magazine,70,"The energetic players temper Farrar's grave persona--for all the vintage touches, this is a deceptively funky band, as the sultry 'Down to the Wire' proves."
Paste Magazine,70,"Its all a clear throwback, but the starkly countrified vibe underscores the plaintive cast of Mr. Farrars lyrics."
Prefix Magazine,67,"Seldom uplifting, American Central Dust still reaffirms Son Volt's pinnacle atop today's American roots rockers."
PopMatters,67,"So while the songs that sizzle on American Central Dust--'Down to the Wire,' 'When the Wheels Don't Move'--are of vintage stock, be prepared to sift through some monotonous meandering to find them."
No Ripcord,61,"While American Central Dust falls short of 'Trace's' heights, the album showcases Farrar's excellent songwriting, which is comfortingly familiar. Its also a little monotonous."
Q Magazine,60,"Son Volt may be playing it too safe on American Central Dust, but the songs are still woven together with a feeling of comfort and familiarity."
Uncut,60,"The song themselves are thoughtful, ambling between folk, country and mid-paced roots-rock. [Aug 2009, p.100]"
cokemachineglow,54,"This one settles for regrettably generic high-plains fiddle and wistful sighs of pedel-steel guitar. [Summer 2009, p.94]"
Spin,50,"On American Central Dust, they just dont take that earnest country feel as far as it could go."
Slant Magazine,50,"'Dust And Daylight' showcases Mark Spencer's beautiful pedal steel, while 'Dynamite,' with its doleful accordian, recalls early Springsteen. [Summer 2009, p.74]"
Los Angeles Times,50,"While frontman Jay Farrar was instrumental in defining the alt-country scene, the problem with Dust is that, in the intervening years since Son Volt first rose to prominence, that scene has been bogged down by countless dreary, soundalike albums and an exhausting self-seriousness."
Under The Radar,40,"The 12 songs verge on inert, and singing is beginning to sound like a painful act for him. His lyrics, however, are inspired."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),40,"Listening to American Central Dust ultimately feels a bit too much like working on an assembly line. [Aug 2009, p.114]"
The A.V. Club,37,"Son Volt's label debut, American Central Dust, is some of the sleepiest protest music ever made: Every song saunters by at a slow tempo, Farrar's voice sounds increasingly inexpressive, and John Agnello's production makes everything sound real purdy but lifeless."
Under The Radar,37,"The album's sound is raw, but 'raw,' even in the Americana circles that Son Volt travels in, doesn't always equate with primal power. Sometimes it's just undercooked."

Pitchfork,90,"Theres rarely a song here that isnt beautiful: Fortinos sense for gorgeous melodies, both instrumentally and vocally, simply shines throughout."
AllMusic,90,"For as spare as her pallet is (many of the songs consist only of Fortinos single or multi-tracked vocals accompanied by her own acoustic guitar), there is a staggering diversity in tone and feeling throughout the album."
Filter,80,"Fortino has created an album that is easily one of the years most moving reflections. Its that life is all but lost and Fortinos take on things are spectacularly delivered."
No Ripcord,80,"While it wont be for everyone, and wont be an album for all occasions, Life on Earth is a stark, devastating achievement."
Drowned In Sound,78,"Taken as a whole, Life doesn't really depart from 'Hands Across the Void' (itself not exactly a cheery record), but rather refines and builds upon it, besting the previous album's runtime by a factor of 1.5 and boasting, as a bonus, a number of melodies that stick like tar in spite of their spareness."
BBC Music,71,"Its not easy listening; it may in fact be a case in which one needs to add hundred-degree heat before theres even a chance of excavating something."
musicOMH.com,70,"She moves slowly, but shes a good musician and singer; this is the surprise, because in her line of work you expect more dishevelment."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"These vipers may be tiny, but theres a bite to Fortinos harrowing vocal thats sure to leave its mark."
Spin,70,"This kind of deliberate quiet may not be for everyone. But if youre willing to live with Life on Earth for a while, you might be surprised how comforting its vast isolation can feel."
Billboard.com,70,"While the similarly mystical/mewling Joanna Newsom seems adrift in fantasy, Tiny Vipers finds wonder in being rooted firmly to the terra."
PopMatters,65,"Fortino's considerable talent for trance-inducing musical honesty could probably use a little bit of editing. It's better in the end for listeners to feel like they're being driven, not just along for the ride."
Urb,60,"Like fellow abstract lyricist Kristin Hersh, her quill is aimed at the introverted, resulting in work that is both deeply personal and frustratingly impenetrable."
Q Magazine,60,"The result is a very quiet record (possibly reflecting her admittedly timid nature--stage fright was once a big problem for her), but one that rewards a close listen."
NOW Magazine,60,"Fortino may not have hated the world away, but she possesses a similarly intuitive ability to block everything out so she can operate in her own peculiar vacuum. Its an admirable quality, but the desperately sad nature of her music makes it a place thats difficult to visit with any degree of regularity."
cokemachineglow,58,"The 11 songs on Life On Earth, her second Sub Pop album, average nearly six minutes apiece, and there generally isnt much going on beyond her blurry, cold-water voice (think of a much more ethereal Grace Slick) and her sturdy strums and/or intricate finger-picking. But though the songs can be hit-or-miss."
Dusted Magazine,40,"In its excruciating final half, her sophomore album recalls Nico's mid-period solo records not only for it's foreboding, gothic tone but its glacial pace. [Summer 2009, p.63]"
Alternative Press,40,"The result, unfortunately, is one of the dreariest hours you will even spend listening to music. [Aug 2009, p.100]"

BBC Music,100,"Upper Air is a comely album through and through, and certainly one of this years high-water marks for the acoustically inclined."
Slant Magazine,90,"Overall, you get the kind of lush musings thatll soundtrack all the pivotal moments of your wayward summer romance. Blissful."
Spin,80,"Sparse backing, strings or a brimming organ interject occasionally, and enhance their combined voices on a brilliantly realised record. [Aug 2009, p.100]"
Mojo,80,"It shares Bon Iver's 'For Emma, Forever Ago's' exquisite sense of existing in its own hermetically sealed world. [Aug 2009, p.87]"
AllMusic,78,"Here, every strain, key, and vocal is stirred up into a creaky, constanaut, clearly-defined symphony. [Summer 2009, p.98]"
Entertainment Weekly,75,"There are times when Upper Air could be some clandestine jam session in the wilderness."
The Boston Phoenix,72,"I'm going to let the band off the hook for the holding pattern; in the meantime, we'll simply revel in the general loveliness of these 10 compositions, which utilize the debut's blueprints in the creation of sublime melodies, absorbing lyricism and delicate harmonic interplay."
Boston Globe,70,"Those who weren't so sure about the Bowerbirds before might change their tune with this release--Upper Air is a luminous, wild-eyed affair, and a solid second album to boot."
Dot Music,70,"A stronger verse/chorus foundation might make the songs more instantly accessible and easier to remember. But by making it easier to access, Bowerbirds might well be depriving listeners of the chance to make their own way, to wander in the desert a little even."
musicOMH.com,70,"It might be a predictable record, but its an entrancing listen, an album that might coax Bowerbirds towards even bolder musical territory on their third release."
Pitchfork,60,"Very, very few people have something clever to say and the musical ability to put it into song. That leaves us with ten pleasant songs about nothing much in particular, sung by vocalists of middling charisma."
Billboard.com,60,"Upper Air does have its ethereal moments; mostly, though, its earnestness keeps it prosaically earthbound."
Paste Magazine,60,"Bowerbirds continue to show great potential, with some truly beautiful music along the way, but Upper Airs most interesting tracks ('Bright Future' and 'Crooked Lust') are the ones that deviate from their core sound."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Upper Air is a decent enough record, but its not strong enough to be listened to without recalling other, similar but better records."
The Guardian,60,"This record is like a pale version of their biggest fan in its shoe-shuffling awkwardness, and though each track sounds far too timid for single release, that is perhaps Upper Air's defining charm. [Aug 2009, p.103]"
Uncut,40,"The come off as Decemberists-light, and never find a spark. [Summer 2009, p.60]"

Q Magazine,90,"Taking Mangums recorded-on-cardboard lo-fi folk epics as their ground zero, TRAA turn in the best alt.debut of the year."
Rolling Stone,85,"Hometowns has an earthly fragility, folksy without being folky. Score another one for Canada."
Under The Radar,80,"With more intensely vigorous drumming, more obviously personal lyrics, and a more blatant interest in glossy electro-pop, Edenloff's band carves out their own niche. It is one that masterfully blends the masculine and the feminine, the refined and the coarse, the dark and the bright."
Drowned In Sound,77,"The Rural Alberta Advantage are an excellent Toronto band that before this year nobody outside of Toronto cared much at all about; heres hoping their follow-up manages to capitalize on whats good here to make something really memorable."
PopMatters,75,"Hometowns, the bands just-reissued 2008 album, is a well-crafted bit of folk that neednt stand on the shoulders of giants."
Billboard.com,70,"Nils Edenloff's passionate songwriting comes across as both raucous (The Dethbridge in Lethbridge) and gently sweet (the harmony-rich boy-girl cupcake Dont Haunt This Place), consistently marked by a joyful sonic ingenuity."
AllMusic,60,"The RAA's narratives are as expansive as the prarie where singer-songwriter and guitarist Nils Edenloff grew up, but they're also full of resonnant, intimate detail. [Aug 2010, p.94]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"All too often, that energy is lost when a talented young band like this enters the studio, and RAA do their best to transcend the limitations of their home recorded calling card, but that energy eating reaper follows Hometowns around like a cop car on a Saturday night."
BBC Music,60,"Hometowns deftly hurls the civic pride of Sufjan Stevens and the unshorn shuffle of Deer Tick like a bale of alfalfa into a farm-bound pickup. The trio ultimately lacks the breadth or lyrical thrust of the premier artists on their R.I.Y.L list. [Summer 2009, p.82]"
Rolling Stone,60,"Hometowns may not be the amazing album some had hoped for but it is an honest debut on many levels: sometimes great, most of the time decent and a good while just being there."
The New York Times,60,"The scope of Hometowns feels a little too narrow for such a dynamic sound. Still, the album is endlessly listenable and solid throughout."

Boston Globe,91,"These Four Walls is like a 50-minute, 11-song tour through the Scottish scenes past, present, and future, emphasizing how much of the countrys best pop music has been concerned with transporting listeners to specific places, so we can all linger there together."
Sputnikmusic,80,"These Four Walls is rousing, pop-like in its immediacy and pretty damn enjoyable."
The A.V. Club,80,"These Four Walls retains its charm, even when Thompson goes to the well perhaps one too many times with the line repetition trick."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"As this crackles with youthful brio and subtlety, we can start speculating what this band may go on to achieve. [Aug 2009, p.98]"
AllMusic,80,"These Four Walls is a consistently exciting album full of memorable songs, and one of maybe five records this year so far that I would recommend unreservedly."
Filter,70,"It's a nagging feeling that despite the sheer addictiveness of the material, the stonkingly monumental percussion and the band's fledgling yet highly-accomplished abilities, its a bit devoid of that certain spark."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Sure, this isnt going to frighten the rabbits just yet, but they do occupy a beguiling space between playful celtic reverie and the pits of drone-rock hell."
Billboard.com,67,"They don't have the lyrical complexity of the bands that they will be compared to (from a young U2 to the aforementioned Frightened Rabbit), but they do have the energy and that's a promising place to start."
The New York Times,60,"At times, WWPJ do give into their dour side too much, and while there's no denying that their dynamic shifts and all-or-nothing climaxes pack a punch, songs such as 'This Is My House, This Is My Home' and 'It's Thunder and It's Lightning' get repetitive. Fortunately, as These Four Walls unfolds, WWPJ show that they can do more than just anthemic angst."
Under The Radar,60,"Perfectly natural indie music from Scottish band."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Walls tends to fade into the background during its instrumental moments, dulled by textures and emotional ebbs that aren't very distinctive. Better are sharper rock songs. [Aug 2009, p.115]"
Mojo,60,"The passion evident throughout help disguise the feeling we've been here before. [Jul 2009, p.109]"
Slant Magazine,60,"You dont doubt the sincerity, but it sometimes seems a bit too earnest, a bit hard to swallow, for these ears at least. Still, a promising debut, and Ill bet theyre ace live."

PopMatters,90,"Rated O is relentless enough and mean enough and playful enough to rope us in for 3 albums worth of music."
NOW Magazine,84,"Oneida are the only band running that I could tell a listener with a straight face, yes, it's worth three discs, and it's worth your time."
Prefix Magazine,80,"The albums creeping ambience and modest pace make it great background music at work, but its many sub-themes and intricacies also make it a rewarding sit-down listen if you can spare an hour and 40 minutes."
The A.V. Club,80,"Spread out over three discs for maximum inefficiency, Oneida's Rated O seems to thrive on its own difficulty, both in sprawling presentation and a strident, noisy sense of sonic resistance."
Pitchfork,80,"Oneida's show-your-working approach undoubtedly justi?es judicious use of the skip button, but the best bits of Rated O are well worth digging for."
AllMusic,80,"The fact that this mad mans breakfast is actually nothing short of jaw-dropping should be the cause of spontaneous mass copulation in the streets."
Dusted Magazine,80,"You've got another crowning acheivement from a band who sees its ideas all the way through, no matter how wyward or ambitious they may be. [Summer 2009, p.62]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Oneida may well be evil geniuses in the midst of creating a classic, multi-album masterpiece. [Aug 2009, p.103]"
Under The Radar,75,"Its not that Rated O isnt a good album. At least half of it is one of the best albums of the year. Its that Rated O is just good enough and in a straightforward enough way to make you miss the Oneida that was about joyous, staggering confusion."
Mojo,70,"Why Oneida need a concept to rock out for two hours is still a bit of a mystery, but it never tires... if only all shameless self-indulgence sounded this good."
Uncut,60,"Though the quality rarely dips, at almost 2 hours long it does get rather wearing. [Aug 2009, p.110]"
PopMatters,60,"Rated O delivers more often than falters. [Aug 2009, p.98]"
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"The cuts are manic psychedelic jams--theres even a sitar--riding electronic drones and throbbing, insistent riffs. Timbres of instruments are barbed with fuzz tone and static; the voices that infrequently appear might be shouting unintelligibly or nearly buried in the mix."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Of course, its much too much, but the fact that it works at all is a testament to their commitment to well-honed rock hypnosis. Good luck finding the front door when its done."
Prefix Magazine,60,"The triple LP effect doesnt ruin the album, but it would have been stronger had they edited the whole thing down to the best songs that could fit on one disc."
BBC Music,50,"While the latter two discs have their moments, theyre all too predictable when held up against the first discs ambitious blend of noise and dance."
Uncut,50,"Over the course of three fuzzed-out discs, theres one solid Oneida album to be found in here. You just have to wade through some indulgent, excessive, and flat-out boring instrumental passages to get to it."

XLR8r,90,"McCombs still has an ear for language and roll-off-the-tongue singing. His voice coats the lyrics like thick warm caramel on this one. Though often obtuse and twisted, McCombs includes some straightforward lyrics, as well, with some political commentary to boot."
Spin,88,"There's an underlying transcendence in McCombs' work that acts as pure poetry, but it also can come across as direct storytelling when taken at surface value. [Summer 2009, p.96]"
Under The Radar,82,"Despite the sparser arrangements and increased focus on direct lyricism, it's every bit as aurally hypnotic as his previous work. It seems like he realized there was someone he really did want to sing to."
Pitchfork,80,"This is an album of long, mysterious love songs to get lost in for days--seek it out."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Reflective, humourous and romantic, Catacombs is perfect for those long summer nights ahead. [Jul 2009, p.133]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"McCombss well-mannered missives certainly arent cheery, but they manage to stir up disarming warmth nonetheless."
No Ripcord,80,"On Catacombs, as always, McCombs stands as an unfashionable maverick who plays on his own terms, and if that is not good enough for the mindless millions, then tough shit."
Tiny Mix Tapes,75,"Impressively, though, he advocates excavation of the subconscious by invading the listeners own, using songs more indelible than the mind says they have any right to be."
AllMusic,72,"Whats left, then, is an album thats overlong, but one thats surprisingly easy to succumb to."
Drowned In Sound,70,"While some fans of his early work may be left behind, most people who enjoy witty songs with tender emotion behind them will be satisfied with Catacombs and happy with the direction he's headed."
Uncut,70,"Catacombs isnt an exception to or refinement of what McCombs has done previously, just a soft demurral of the singer-songwriter career arc."
AllMusic,70,"While Eavesdropping On The Competition and Jonesy Boy wont necessarily being appearing on any coffee tables in the near future, they dont feel up to the standard of the other nine songs.
Filter,This is a small complaint because when Catacombs works, it really works, and it mostly really works."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"McCombs keeps listeners at arms length with lyrics that would be insufferable were they not couched in such beautiful sounds."
Under The Radar,60,"Five albums in, his music finally sounds as threadbare as his chosen eulogy, dropping any evidence of the richer--if still ragged--arrangements that launched his deeply affecting six-track debut. [Jul 2009, p.107"
Pitchfork,60,"Regularly a memorable lyric leaps out--but too often the pared-down aesthetic is an excuse to coast. [Aug 2009, p.96]"

No Ripcord,80,"Like a prestigious college, this band may receive more attention than it really deserves, but these art-punks truly have a lot going for them. Or maybe Im just a sucker for anything this different."
Q Magazine,70,"While many of the group's songs aren't quite as unusual as that string of letters seems (most of them do, in fact, incorporate choruses), the group steers pretty far from the norm on their self-titled record."
musicOMH.com,70,"UUVVWWZ is undoubtedly promising, in the sense that the band have done the difficult part already, namely finding a signature sound. Now they just need to come up with the songs to match the distinctiveness of their instrumentation and that incredible name."
Tiny Mix Tapes,66,"There are plenty of signs that UUVVWWZ are on track to become a better band, but 'Castle' is the song that will make you impatient for them to hurry up and get to their next level right away."
PopMatters,50,"More than anything, UUVVWWZ is a bad name because it is so disappointing--such an audacious appellation has no business belonging to generally derivative musicians who only occasionally reach their artistic potential."

Clash Music,71,"Delightfully restrained production gives plenty of breathing room for a full, resonant rhythm section, where similar dance rock might give more bandwidth to a hotter, shriller high end."
The A.V. Club,60,"Undeterred by fashion and musical movements having moved on, Stellastarr* have created a joyously out-of-step album. And it deserves to be heard."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Civilized is nothing if not a glossy, grand act, its welcoming veneer far more interesting than whatever truth lies behind the curtain."
Mojo,60,"While they are unlikely to blow any heads off, track like 'Graffiti Eyes' show that they haven't lost the knack of writing diverting pop songs. [Sep 2009, p.96]"
New Musical Express (NME),50,"Overall, Civilized occupies a comfortable middle ground too often. [Summer 2009, p.63]"
Rock Sound,40,"Shawn Christensen's vocals are buried in the mix, while songs fly by with no memorable structure or hooks. [Aug 2009, p.115]"

Pitchfork,100,"With not a dot ball or an overthrow, The Duckworth Lewis Method is an unqualified success."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Played, boys, oh well played."
AllMusic,80,"It's a record of beautifully constructed songs--pastiches, yes, but so perfectly rendered as to be melt-in-your-mouth lovely."
Dusted Magazine,80,"It's an eclectic mix for sure, but Hannon and Walsh make it work via some superior orchestral rock craftmanship. [Fall 2009, p.62]"
Austin Chronicle,70,"Concept album about cricket from Divine Comedy and Pugwash frontmen hits the sweet spot."
Under The Radar,60,"It is hard to really know if there is a place for cricket concept albums. Certainly there's a time and a place for them and at the start of an Ashes summer is just that--it's perfect timing from Hannon and Walsh."
The A.V. Club,60,"The songs are often gently ironic '70s orchestral pop with overtones of striped caps and Edwardian moustaches. [Aug 2009, p.90]"
American Songwriter,40,"The record lurches between cliched harpsichord-driven ditties and cringeworthy soft-rock pop songs that rely on the inventiveness of their concept over the originality of their music."
AllMusic,40,"Unfortunately, much of the rest veers from lightweight to teeth-grindingly irritating, suggesting a private joke that perhaps would have been best left in private. [Sep 2009, p.93]"

BBC Music,80,"If I Had The Blues But I Shook Them Loose is the band's Everest, not only do they conquer it with unassuming boyish romance, but they've also created the most poignant anthology of what it means to be young and restless in the city since fellow Londoners Bloc Party's 'Silent Alarm'--though they're a lot less frosty than Okereke et al."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Their supple, smouldering songs take you back to an innocent, pre-Britpop indie era while retaining the thrust of contempories like Bloc Party. [Aug 2009, p.87]"
Uncut,79,"London rock act Bombay Bicycle Club hasn't been playing together long, but the foursome boasts an impressive sound on debut album I Had the Blues But I Shook Them Loose (released last July in the United Kingdom)."
PopMatters,70,"Although Bombay Bicycle Club can't quite hold a torch to the all-conquering returning Maccabees, they're an armful short of effortless anthems for that, but they prove themselves worthy of operating in their shadow."
Q Magazine,60,"North London outfit from the same school (literally) as Cajun Dance Party, earning high marks for their winsome indie tunes."
cokemachineglow,60,"Granted, there's nothing new going on, but their passion fills in the innovation gaps."
Pitchfork,60,"While I Had the Blues is a serviceable debut that doesn't really disappoint but rarely shines, it does suggest that Bombay Bicycle Club have a promising future."
Dusted Magazine,40,"This is duvet music, offering vague comfort but impossible to feel any excitement for."
Under The Radar,40,"Jack Steadman's shaky voice does scant justice to a dozen songs that, in more adept hands, might have not been squashed at birth. [Aug 2009, p.103]"
The Guardian,40,"There hasn't been quite enough time yet for them to construct much of a unique sonic indentity. [Aug 2009, p.94]"

New Musical Express (NME),80,"Paradoxically, despite--or perhaps even due to--its directness, Living With A Tiger is a challenging record, only revealing its full depth on repeated visits."
Pitchfork,80,"So let's hear it for Living With a Tiger, which makes a point of scrambling everyone's tastes. Not since Jr Walker & the All Stars in the 60s have a sax-led band reached out and communicated as Wareham does on Gratitude, which is apparently informed by grime."
The New York Times,80,"The full-tilt, punk-like intensity manifested on the band's first two long players is further honed and sharpened. [Aug 2009, p.109]"
Q Magazine,70,"Weird enough but familiar enough to spook the status quo without blowing it out of the water, they will, hopefully, continue to make music for a very long time."
Uncut,60,"Pete Wareham's group balances playfulness and tunes with rhythmic invention and experiementalism, arriving somewhere between punk and prog. [Aug 2009, p.101]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"This debut release on their own label is an uncompromising instrumental beast, rammed with weapons-grade jazz-metal riffing and ultra-heavy No Wave sax skronking. [Aug 2009, p.85]"
Dusted Magazine,40,"Unsurprisingly, when the sax is told to sit in the corner and eat less picknmix, and the rest of the band get a turn, the quality rises."

Uncut,91,"'Come on children, you're acting like children/Every generation thinks it's the end of the world,' begins the candidly catchy centerpiece of these lost-and-found tradsters' best album."
Entertainment Weekly,84,"Wilco (The Album) adds yet another chapter to the story, and if this band's relevance is to continue going forward, then let the resilent closer 'Everlasting Everything ' score our impending sunrise. [Summer 2009, p.90]"
The A.V. Club,80,"Chicago's veteran alt-rockers haven't sounded this much fun in ages, their seventh album balancing their easy-going and experimental sides."
AllMusic,80,"Wilco (the album), the band's seventh studio effort, treats verse-chorus-verse basics like holy truths. The result is the rare rock album about acceptance. And it's fantastic."
No Ripcord,80,"Like with many good rock records, bits of whimsy, melancholy, confusion, and joy swirl around the songs of Wilco (the album). So while it may not feel as groundbreaking as previous releases, its just as human."
Billboard.com,80,"Wilco's seventh studio album is a triumph of determined simplicity by a band that has been running from the obvious for most of this decade."
PopMatters,80,"Surprisingly laidback new dispatch from uptight country rockers."
Under The Radar,80,"Wilco (The Album) is just another wonderful and special reason to know that Wilco, as a band, are an astounding band for all to love-or at least as much as they say they love us."
Paste Magazine,80,"The band have covered all bases this time; pushing themselves to experiment while still celebrating what makes their music so catchy and compelling."
Los Angeles Times,80,"If Wilco (The Album) as a whole is considerably less ambitious than its predecessors, it compensates with its easy confidence and craft: it's the work of a band that knows their strengths and knows what they're all about, and it's ready to settle into an agreeably comfortable groove."
cokemachineglow,80,"Wilco (the album) picks up more or less where 2007s mellow and soulful 'Sky Blue Sky' left off, but subtly expands that records parameters."
Pitchfork,80,"Its middle-of-the-road, but only by Wilco standards. A worthwhile listen."
Spin,80,"Wilco continues to reign in their experiemntal fuzz, focusing more on pretty melodies, upbeat toe-tappers and sweet acoustic numbers for their seventh full-length. [Aug 2009, p.115]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Wilco (The Album) is as consummate as anything its author has yet delivered. [Aug 2009, p.97]"
Boston Globe,80,"Everything here delivers the predominant warmth 'Sky Blue Sky' lacked and betrays a sharp ear for melody that has often been obscured by sonic theatrics. [Aug 2009, p.1000]"
Slant Magazine,78,"What it lacks in identity, perhaps a statement of purpose locked down by a title, the tightly produced, musically pointed Wilco compensates for in near-total coalescence. Its hope, vulnerability, and fears converse as one Tweedy."
Rolling Stone,75,"Tweedy's ability to craft great hooks does make this worth a listen, and maybe the band simply needs a pause to catch its creative breath. Let's just hope the next one isn't called Wilco (another album)."
Drowned In Sound,75,"Wilco (The Album) finds the band looser and more assertive than they were on their two previous efforts."
Austin Chronicle,75,"The band is still good enough to put across (The Album)s later songs, thanks to a buzzy 70s sound that nods to George Harrison here, John Lennon there, and Tom Petty all over the place. But the reaching for something indescribable feeling of songs like 'Deeper Down' and 'One Wing' is sorely lacking amid the pat familiarity of 'Ill Fight' and 'Everlasting Everything.'"
Filter,74,"The album is full of thoughtful, artfully crafted lyrics wrapped in memorable hooks that should stand the test of time. Whats missing is the experimentation that was Wilcos hallmark until 'Sky Blue Sky.'"
The Guardian,73,"This is not the music of men trying to be cool; it is the work of veterans unafraid to express mature emotions with an appropriate level of musical depth and nuance."
BBC Music,72,"The band's current six-member lineup, together five years and responsible for 2007's stunning 'Sky Blue Sky,' is its strongest to date--and Wilco (The Album) is as well-rounded an effort as the group has released."
Mojo,70,"While (the album) tips far more convincingly on the successful end of the scales, there remains the sense of a band playing safer than needs be; a sextet pushing against their limits but never straining outright at them."
Q Magazine,70,"No one ought to begrudge Tweedy his hard-won peace of mind, but there's less of the emotional, or musical, turbulence here that made for such compelling listening on previous Wilco records."
Uncut,70,"The album rumbles out of the gate with a scruffy exuberance reminiscent of the early tracks of 'Summerteeth,' before finding its way back to the high-end country art rock the band has specialized in since we first found out Tweedy gets bad headaches. [Summer 2009, p.69]"
Paste Magazine,60,"It doesn't help that Wilco is such a complacent album, so easily redolent of sounds and textures the band has called up in the past."
Billboard.com,60,"While Wilco (The Album) has its strong moments, it does not have many innovative ones."
Rolling Stone,60,"It's well written, nicely produced and tastefully retro, with a few vaguely experimental bits."
AllMusic,60,"The major problem is that this doesnt sound like a band thats pushing itself any more, or at least not making the same sort of pushes that lead to the brilliant sucker-punch of Yankee Hotel Foxtrot and the vastly underrated A Ghost Is Born."
Filter,60,"Like a slightly under-serving best of, though, we get glimpses of what they've done before, but nothing substantial enough to set a new high-water mark."
cokemachineglow,54,"To simply not want to skip tracks isn't exactly saying anything, and certainly not that Wilco has made any kind of return to relevance. But Jeff the person is doing just fine, and instead of chastising this release, let's be happy that the guy who gave us more serious, occasionally harrowing masterpieces such as Summerteeth and Yankee Hotel Foxtrot finally seems to be having some fun. Next time it'd be nice if he let us in on it."
Mojo,50,"Wilco (The Album) isnt a failure--not by any means--but when a band has become so attached to the notion of change and then stagnates, it casts a heavy shadow thats hard to escape."
Spin,50,"Clearly, this record is boring. Whether or not thats a good thing remains up to your discretion."
Urb,40,"Wilco is a Great Band, if you like stuff thats boring. And a lot of people seemingly do."

The A.V. Club,90,"Divine blues and roots from Americana veteran."
Slant Magazine,88,"The organic, timeless quality of that voice--especially haunting on Helm's own tale of a farmer's struggle, 'Growing Trade'--is offset by the sweetness of his daughter Amy's harmony singing, as well as by bright eddies of slide guitar and mandolin, all of it creating an appealing balance."
PopMatters,88,"He sings of the land and of people who struggle to hold on to some small piece of it. It's especially powerful considering the ways in which he's transcended significant struggles of his own."
Under The Radar,83,"The former Band drummer and cancer survivor's vocals sound grizzled and glorious on Electric Dirt."
Pitchfork,80,"Electric Dirt sounds fresh, emphatic, and as effective as anything Levon has cut since the mid-'70s, and one can only hope he has a few more discs in him just this good."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Helm blends the secular and gospel worlds with an almost seamless precision. Fans of the Band will love this."
NOW Magazine,80,"Helm struts his slippery shell-game groove on 'Jed' and works it deftly throughout. But he digs deepest here with his voice, which veers between soulful stoicism and boozy yowl."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Electric Dirt, as implied, is a continuation of 'Dirt Farmer's' themes, packing a sharper jolt. [Jul 2009, p.94]"
Paste Magazine,80,"Neither the left-field alternative interpretations of Johnny Cashs final few albums, nor the insular, moody explorations of contemporary Bob Dylan, Helms recent work embraces the past alongside the present in a way that is inviting, joyous, and thoroughly satisfying."
PopMatters,80,"The musical palette, however, is wider this time round, emphasising the breadth of Helms interests rather than the stuff on which he was weaned--numbers by Muddy Waters and Nina Simone rub shoulders with works by Randy Newman and the Grateful Dead."
Prefix Magazine,72,"The rural, pure, gospel-meets-banjos-meets-trumpets sound of the record is irrevocably essential Helm, yet the soulful songsmith manages to avoid repetition in his new album."
Pitchfork,70,"The songs are new but have the worn familiarity of something pulled from storage, all the trilling organs and honky-tonk shuffles, made thinner and more poignant by the passage of time."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"It's driven by Helm's warm, amazingly rich moonshine vocals and decorated with bluesy guitar sprinkles, angelic violins and lovely harmonies by his daughter Amy of the folk-rock outfit Ollabelle."

Mojo,80,"There is plenty of unexpected texture to keep your ears engaged."
AllMusic,80,"Thomas returns with a soaring collection of infectious pop songs that are destined for heavy rotation in 2009 and beyond."
Drowned In Sound,75,"Thomas presides over a sleekly produced, constantly undulating mixture of sounds that seems designed to appeal to all of the people all of the time."
Slant Magazine,70,"This dogged sense of purpose does result in a tighter, better record than Something to Be and even it's not a lot of fun, it's not meant to be: it's big music about big issues, even inflating personal issues to the universal."
Chicago Tribune,70,"The Matchbox Twenty frontmans second solo album showcases all of his admirable middle-of-the-road gifts and offers a glimpse of the possibilities when he explores the more extreme edges."
The Guardian,60,"Cradlesong, his second persistently polite, numbingly polished solo album."
No Ripcord,58,"One doesn't look to the Matchbox Twenty frontman for musical daredevilry, but his second solo disc falls too often into the mom-rock safety net."

Under The Radar,80,"This album isn't going to change the way you think about metal, but Killswitch Engange aren't Mastodon; they just want to get the pit going, and this album will surely acomplish that. [Aug 2009, p.108]"
Uncut,80,"Their future as a metal act with their fingers on the button seems assured."
Austin Chronicle,80,"The addition of Southern-fried sludge makes this album almost the complete New Wave Of American Heavy Metal package. [Aug 2009, p.101]"
The Guardian,70,"Where 2006's 'As Daylight Dies' hinted at an accelerated focus on the more melodic aspects of extreme metal, Killswitch Engage cements the notion."
AllMusic,50,"Aside from a few unique moments ('The Return,' 'Take Me Away'), there's not much new to report here."
BBC Music,50,"Whats especially frustrating for Killswitch fans is the fact that they know those tracks, which sound so weak on record, will absolutely kill in a live setting."

Uncut,88,"As Bjork no doubt hoped it would, the result--long on material from that year's Volta but also featuring such oldies as 'Army of Me' and 'Pagan Poetry'--captures both energy and detail."
Drowned In Sound,83,"This CD/DVD set of tour extras might make you feel like your brain's doing sit-ups."
musicOMH.com,83,"The recordings on the CD are crisp and clear, and do a lot to highlight both Bjorks expansive singing and the borderline-insane arrangements around it."
PopMatters,80,"With great audio and visuals, this version of Voltaic should please all but the most completist Bjork fans."
Q Magazine,70,"Those looking for a live greatest hits-style album will be a bit disappointed by the CD portion of Voltaic, which misses as many of Bjrks big songs as it hits. The DVD, however, manages to get to almost all of them."
Urb,60,"So lets file Voltaic, released by Nonesuch a couple of weeks ago, under the category of Things We Didnt Think We Needed."
cokemachineglow,60,"The package itself is labyrinthine in how it houses so many layers of content, but it's too bad that much of the material isn't quite essential, making this a release for die-hards only."
Dusted Magazine,52,"This second-hand facelessness runs throughout Volta, which still reads oddly rote and cold with this addendum. Even with its hulking abundance, Voltac is flesh without bone."

Drowned In Sound,100,"Their lyrics reveal the mysteries of true rolling stones. [16 Oct 2009, p.59]"
AllMusic,90,"Taken on its own merits, this is life-enriching stuff."
musicOMH.com,80,"Their songs are evocative in ways music seldom is; you can feel the heat in their voices, picture the haze coming off the desert horizon, hear the dust getting into their microphones, their amps, under the strings of their guitar, slowly working its way into the sound itself."
XLR8r,80,"Another Tinariwen classic."
Pitchfork,80,"Everything sounds deliciously grubby and unpolished."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"The results are quietly remarkable."
Under The Radar,79,"The thing that stands out for me this time around is how little Tinariwen are confrontational about their experiences. Instead, it just naturally permeates their music--love songs with a thousand-yard stare."
PopMatters,76,"There is a unique magic to the sounds of the Sahara. Imidiwan captures that magic with skillful grace."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"There's a campfire vibe, though given the heat put out by even the acoustic jams, bonfire is more like it. The electric guitars flash like lightning, the looping melodies and Tamashek raps hypnotize."

musicOMH.com,88,"With a little luck, this collection of mostly obscure covers could, on a smaller scale, do for Dando what the Rick Rubin-helmed American Recordings did for Johnny Cash."
Q Magazine,80,"This sense of adventure ties Varshons to those earliest Lemonheads records, but the group marries that spirit to Dando's exceptionally intuitive interpretive skills, turning the album into a bit of a rough, unpolished gem."
Filter,80,"Dandos at it again, with a whole album full of mix-and-match covers which comfortably sit just on the right side of bizarre."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Dando misfires when songs don't suit him--Wire's 'Fragile' loses its tension--but this is worth an hour of anybody's time."
Under The Radar,80,"Whether tackling Broadway showtunes or John Prine, or Simon and Garfunkel, the laconic alt-rocker nimbly transforms songs until they sound like they could be his own. That pixie dust extends to Varshons."
AllMusic,70,"Varshons is an admirable stopgap that proves that there is life in the old dog yet."
Uncut,70,"This is no standards collection and Dando isnt singing the hits. The album is instead a sort of late-career triumph for the Lemonheads."
PopMatters,70,"Though it's no breakthrough, Varsons serves as a nice holdover until the new set of material we've been promised. [Summer 2009, p.100]"
AllMusic,60,"For the most part, Varshons is pleasantly predictable, with celebrity cameos (Kate Moss, Liv Tyler) and selections from legendary rakes Leonard Cohen and Townes Van Zandt that practically qualify as typecasting. But the countrified take on GG Allin's 'Layin' Up with Linda' provides a moment of effective shock value, and improbable redemption arrives with the closing track: Christina Aguilera's 'Beautiful.'"
Pitchfork,60,"At best, Varshons is a joy forever. Even at worst, its a forgiveable, even likeable, labour of love."
Alternative Press,60,"Its choice of selections successfully reinvent the familiar and/or introduce the less well-known. [Jul 2009, p.104]"
Dusted Magazine,60,"Dando fucks Varshons up just enough to stop it being an actively great covers record--in recent terms The Condo Fucks mighty 'Fuckbook' stomps over it--but not enough to detract from the truth that the thread drawing the successful songs together is the still-beating talent of Evan Dando, non-dickhead version."
Lost At Sea,60,"It helps to pick the right tune and Dando has good taste, judging Gram Parsons ('I Just Can't Take It Anymore'), Wire ('Fragile') and Townes Van Zandt ('Waiting Around To Die') to be worthy of homage. But that's all this album is, really. Homage."
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"Overall, there is sufficient sun-kissed pleasure on Varshons to extend the patience of Evan Dando-devotees a little bit longer but not enough to surpass past makeover masterstrokes."
AllMusic,60,"Patchy covers album from alt.rock veterans."
Uncut,60,"Varshons succeeds thanks to an inspired breadth of material. [Jul 2009, p.125]"
PopMatters,58,"Its great to see the notoriously troubled Dando lighten up and give fans a taste of what he enjoys, but itll be better when he can convert that personal passion into something original and enduring."
Pitchfork,47,"The depth and breadth of the tracklist are commendable but often work against the band."
Dusted Magazine,40,"This is the real key to understanding Varshon: it cant be a truly cynical attempt to recapture former glory because its too half-assed."

Prefix Magazine,100,"Farm actually bests 'Beyonds' triumphs."
Drowned In Sound,91,"Farm sounds like the best alt-rock album that 1993 forgot."
Urb,90,"This is one mighty album, one that will tower over others like the green shrubs that tower over the buildings on the cover."
Q Magazine,85,"As catchy and well-crafted as these songs are, they never feel restricted or overly polished. Each track is given room to grow, stretching into extended intros, impulsive solos, and oft-repeated verses."
Under The Radar,80,"This is a sound that's utterly unique to Dinosaur Jr., and what's different about them in their reunion is that the group not only realizes their individuality, they revel in it, getting lost in the noise, and it's hard not to get swept up with it, too."
Billboard.com,80,"With standards so consistently high, picking further peaks is a tough call but the surging wah squel of 'Over It' and 'I Don't Wanna Go There's' stellar guitar squall also score way up at the top of the scale. [Jul 2009, p.105]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"The solos are majestic and Barlow even contributes a couple of thumpers. Nobody does this better."
Q Magazine,80,"Even though Farm may be the album we (should have) expected from Dinosaur Jr., it is still an excellent record that offers a variety of different qualities, while remaining as much fun to listen to as they have ever been."
Mojo,80,"So, finally, to Farm, which every bit the equal of 'Beyond;' maybe even better."
musicOMH.com,80,"Farm succeeds just where Beyond did, by being an absolutely awesome record. If theres one thing that can be taken away from it, its that we can all relax now and let Dinosaur Jr. do their thing."
Under The Radar,79,"Theyve yet to lose it: Farm comes in a bit longer and countrified than its predecessor, but its also a more muscular and emotional album."
The New York Times,75,"Frontman J Mascis is more than capable of stirring up a whirlwind of melodic feedback, suitable for heshers of any age."
AllMusic,75,"Mascis's unique talents have ossified into a signature, so discerning any difference between this set of tunes and, say, his solo albums of the early oughts or latter-day Dinosaur Jr. albums is tough work. If, to you, that means more awesome Mascis crunchwork, then be psyched, because this record slays, the rocking is sloppy-yet-tight, and nothing on here would sound like a drag if tossed into a setlist amongst older classics."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Apparently, you can go home again, and it's still plenty loud and comfortable."
Uncut,70,"Although Farm sacrifices some immediacy and fire for expansive emotionalism and nuance, the album is a solid addition to the Dinosaur Jr. catalog and one whose highlights may prove even better with time."
Slant Magazine,70,"Dinosaur Jr. set the standard for convulsive indie-rock guitar fireworks in the Eighties. Incredibly, the band's original lineup--guitarist J Mascis, bassist Lou Barlow and drummer Murph--hasn't lost a thunderous step."
BBC Music,70,"Theres also no denying the power of their bittersweet, socially inept aggression, and the ferocity of their sound on Farm. But, as truly gifted as Mascis is on the guitar and as surly as Barlow is vocally, this is merely Dinosaur fossilised, leaving you hankering for something a little more daring."
Q Magazine,70,"Farm, the band's second album since returning, may just be enough to prove naysayers and skeptics wrong. [Summer 2009, p.65]"
Slant Magazine,67,"The last half of Farm starts suffering from verse repetition, slower songs never matching the ballast of 'Ocean in the Way.' Farm does reach beyond 2007's 'Beyond.'"
musicOMH.com,60,"Continues where 2007's sprightly comeback album 'Beyond' left off."
No Ripcord,60,"It's good to have the definitive lineup back together--and there are thrills galore on Farm--but one can't help wondering if compromise has weakened the group."
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"It sounds dismissive to say that Farm is, undeniably, nothing more than another Dinosaur Jr. record. Yet it is, and if that assertion carries with any ideas of complacency or stock rock action, it should also denote the superb craftsmenship inherent in Mascis, Barlow, and Murphs work."
Billboard.com,60,"As long as you don't mind working for your alt rock fixes, however, Farm is certainly worth the effort."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"Farm isn't the kind of Dino record that has a keeper single like 'Start Choppin'' or 'Feel The Pain.' Instead, it boasts some of Mascis' biggest departures under the Dino name. [Aug 2009, p.110]"
Prefix Magazine,60,"Here Mascis's guitar playing remains as distorted--and dextrous--as ever, but here his songcraft burns as brightly as his fretwork. [Jul 2009, p.121]"
Pitchfork,49,"At times, Mascis and Co. sound perfectly at home amidst a wall of distortion (see the bouncy, hook-driven 'I Want You to Know'). But for the most part, they sound exhausted."

The A.V. Club,80,"Though 'Teflon' boasts Rush-like guitar thunder and violent lyrics (Let the wheels burn, let the wheels burn, stack the tires to the neck with the body inside), the group returns to dark balladry on 'Desperate Graves' and 'Copernicus,' two more highlights from a haunting album full of twilight poetry."
cokemachineglow,80,"Calling this an unplugged album is useful only in relation to what the group has produced in the past, but what the Mars Volta created on Octahedron will provide them with more range and opportunities in the future."
Uncut,80,"Guitarist Omar Rodriguez-Lopez and singer Cedric Bixler-Zavala are the creative duo driving the band and once again deliver on a standing promise to blow any mind that is willing to stay open."
Drowned In Sound,80,"The panache of the singing, and the radiant complexity of the music--an achievement shared by Mr. Rodriguez Lopez and a handful of regular collaborators, including the Red Hot Chili Peppers guitarist John Frusciante--drive the album relentlessly forward. And its the subtle touches, no less than the sweeping ones, that leave an impression."
The Guardian,80,"its an excellent change of pace for the band, and proves that they can indeed write spacey, esoteric mid-tempo songs instead of...well...spacey, esoteric breakneck songs."
Boston Globe,80,"Octahedron is most certainly not a wish for Top 40 stardom, but compared to past efforts by this collective, its probably the surest means of attracting a larger batch of casual listeners without completely rejecting the heady desires of Mars Volta obsessives."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"This is, however, their most mellow, reflective and tempered release yet. [Sep 2009, p.95]"
NOW Magazine,70,"It shows that for the first time they really can do restraint, without compromising the overall impact of the instances where things are let rip."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"These eight tracks--only one of which stretches past the eight-minute mark!--actually make up the Mars Volta's most consistently compelling slab since 2005's salsafied 'Frances the Mute.'"
Chicago Tribune,70,"Octahedron lacks sparkle enough to raise it above previous creative highs--its a recommended affair, at times truly scintillating, but it doesnt quite deliver to the extent where all caution can be tossed to the breeze."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"This might be their reflective effort, but its classic MV."
Lost At Sea,70,"We already knew The Mars Volta could shred. Now we know they can slow the pace too and be equally as compelling. [Summer 2009, p.68]"
Clash Music,70,"Octahedron isnt a representation of the best The Mars Volta are capable of, but it is a glimpse into the power they possess when they better harness their capabilities."
Rolling Stone,67,"The lyrics remain as arcane as ever. Even if you don't totally love the band's new direction, you can bet there's a juicy pretentious concept waiting to be rooted out here."
Spin,60,"In the end, Octahedron is a solid album that probably has two slow songs too many."
PopMatters,60,"Bixler-Zavala is no Maxwell; he's more about sharp pain than voluptuous ache. By the end, he invokes Gordian knots alongside a fractallike Omar Rodriguez-Lopez guitar solo. Dude sounds like he's back home again."
AllMusic,60,"Octahedron is something of a new beginning for the band. It's uneven, sometimes clumsy, and a bit incomplete-sounding. But in spite of itself, the Mars Volta sounds exciting again."
RapReviews.com,60,"Is Octahedron the band's best album? No, but if you dig on MV's unrepentantly 'big' and meandering suite-driven concept-album thing, you won't necessarily be disappointed."
Under The Radar,60,"Octahedron  will appeal to elderly prog fans immune to attention deficit disorder, who have the patience to let its charm gradually unfold. [Aug 2009, p.111]"
Mojo,60,"Octahedron bucks the band's trend for obfuscation, though; conventional song structures are very much in evidence, while its relatively trim 49-minute running time is on par with some of Mars Volta's more involved live jams. [Jul 2009, p.127]"
The New York Times,60,"As ever with The Mars Volta, there are enough flashes of brilliance to make up for the wearying material elsewhere. [Sep 2009, p.86]"
Sputnikmusic,50,"This is a band that excels when its sing-alongs double as freak-outs; on Octahedron, theyve largely ditched the chaos in lieu of an admirable, albeit unsatisfying, experiment in being quiet."
Austin Chronicle,50,"Octahedron is the sound of a band treading water."
Los Angeles Times,42,"Nothing on this album surprises me because anyone who has listened to this band regularly has become so steeped in pointless oddity that they have moved past surprise into the realm of mild annoyance."
The A.V. Club,30,"'Cotopaxi' and 'Desperate Graves' are the Volta's most straightforward carbon-burners since Frances the Mute's 'Cygnus ... Vismund Cygnus' yet lack structure and memorable hooks, while the introductory ballad 'Since We've Been Wrong' soars closer to the Eagles than Led Zeppelin."

New Musical Express (NME),89,"Yorn's signature cigarette-stained drawl plays over some of his most personal lyrics yet, indicating he's ready to reclaim his role as talented brooder after treading water in relative obscurity the past few years. [Jul 2009, p.131]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,83,"The beauty in these half-laments proves mixed feelings can be as haunting as concrete ones."
No Ripcord,75,"The singer-songwriters poignant lyrics get lost in the same tempo and sound found in his past three albums, offering us songs that lack distinctiveness and originality-and all were left with is a shallow perspective on Yorns troubled soul."
Lost At Sea,70,"With help from Rick Rubin and Bright Eyes producer Mike Mogis, Yorn has found his voice on Back and Fourth, a mostly acoustic beauty recorded in Omaha, Nebraska, with musicians heard on Conor Oberst's Saddle Creek label."
Pitchfork,60,"The bulk of Back and Fourth is more insular, though, serving as Pete Yorn's personal therapy rather than his audience's ear candy."
Billboard.com,60,"It seems Yorn has found his sincerity again....Yet Fourth has its fair share of missteps, most of them coming when Yorn abandons coarseness for a milky, lukewarm production."
BBC Music,60,"'Social Development Dance' is an accurate representative of Back and Fourth as a whole--an introspective, guitar-driven effort that's worthy of praise, despite some minor missteps."
Uncut,50,"Yorns lightly rusty voice and yearning way with a chorus are, alas, outgunned by his plodding lyrics."
Drowned In Sound,50,"Yorn will always have plenty to offer and be palatable at worst. However, his moments of genius are too soon abandoned for monotony."
musicOMH.com,40,"Most of these ten tracks, though, make Jason Mraz sound daring."

Slant Magazine,91,"The tunes are consistently fetching, and a few standouts have clever lyrics."
Dot Music,90,"Regina has basically mastered everything else too; it's hard to see her making a wrong move anytime soon."
AllMusic,88,"The fables and fantasy lives they depict are rendered in fairly understandable terms. Yet Far still shows the range that Spektor can travel within her dreamy world."
XLR8r,83,"playing the freak also makes her blissfully unself-conscious, and that can be contagious. Nothing's more heartfelt than 'Wallet,' an ode to a stranger who lost his."
Paste Magazine,83,"A couple of tracks--'Machine' and 'Human Of The Year'--never quite crawl out of the shadow of their high concepts, but Far otherwise cements Spektor as an artist comfortable with her own eccentricities, and beguiling in her ability to bring listeners into her strange, tempestuous, and often beautiful world."
cokemachineglow,82,"With her third Sire album, the deliciously attractive Far, Spektor again shows how original she is, finding the gleam in modern life with its contradictions and confusion in a uniquely colloquial manner."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Tired of her peculiar singer-songwriter pop being a fringe taste, the Russian-born New Yorker's gone for the commercial jugular, polishing her strangeness with help from ELO's Jeff Lynne among others."
Filter,80,"Far snuggles between her previous efforts, linking the heady sweep of 2003's 'Soviet Kitsch' to the roundabout pop treats of 'Begin to Hope.'"
Dusted Magazine,80,"Far is a bright and gratifying listen; one that doesnt aim at ideas above its station or flounder in search of unity."
Spin,80,"Far is her best album yet, and while it's a long way from early works such as Soviet Kitsch or 11:11, it perfectly illustrates the evolution of a woman who's becoming a truly great artist."
PopMatters,80,"Far matches 'Kitsch's' rococo flow with the follow-up's pop smarts."
Sputnikmusic,80,"It is worth repeating that Far takes everything Regina Spektor has done in the near ten-year span of her career and mashes it up to perfection."
Alternative Press,80,"Every song on this--her fifth--album sparkles with intelligence."
Boston Globe,80,"This is an adventurous, joyful album from a major talent. [Aug 2009, p.98]"
Under The Radar,80,"She's making a bid for the mainstream, even recruiting ex-ELO mainman Jeff Lyne to her corner on five tracks, including grandiose highlight 'Human Of The Year,' a three-minute distillation of the album's overriding facination with religion. [Aug 2009, p.104]"
The Boston Phoenix,74,"Her new environs are distinctly different to the basement recordings of her past, but the friends she brings along preserve some of the intimacy and spontaneity of the dramtis personae that earns her the adjective, 'Spektorian.' [Summer 2009, p.91]"
Mojo,70,"Far, her new album, will likely be criticized for its continuing drift towards the centre."
Q Magazine,70,"While some of Far covers ground Spektor's already gone over, she's essentially doing what she does best. [Summer 2009, p.62]"
Rolling Stone,68,"I was surprised that it holds up well to close scrutiny--in spite of my reservations, the album is well performed and crafted, with a surprisingly mordant thematic unity touching on mortality and the soured promises of childhood--but Im still bothered by its anonymity."
Sputnikmusic,60,"While Far is far from bad, it doesn't quite live up to expectations, either, based on all the talent involved in making it and how fully Spektor expressed herself on 'Begin to Hope.'"
Urb,60,"Here she leaves behind the flaky-as-adorable posturing long enough to salvage Far from its role as capricious sideshow, and so, too, long enough for listeners to get a glimpse of the songwriting talent that lurks beneath the peculiarity."
Drowned In Sound,60,"She's always interesting; for all the nonsense, Spektor is a writer with something to say."
Los Angeles Times,60,"Frankly it makes our blood run cold with images of Sunday supplement purgatory, Spektor trading soft-focus licks with Katie Meluah from out of suburban glove compartments for decades to come. Thankfully the reality is nowhere near as bad as that."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Far goes some distance to halt a slide into mere radio-friendly pleasantness, though."
Dot Music,60,"'One More Time With Feeling's' dynamics shift and her lyrics are vague, but carry a heartfelt sentiment. Far has too little of this and winds up being a mixed bag."
Mojo,49,"No less than four producers--Mike Elizondo, David Kahne, Jeff Lynne and Garret Jacknife Lee--contributed to the album, and their collective efforts have resulted in a mid-tempo muddle of pseudo-lovely tracks plagued by a hovering cloud of meddling strings, slappy drums and perfunctory triangle chimes."
BBC Music,48,"Unfortunately, all this talent behind the boards often feels like a waste because of Spektor's inability to let her songs stand on their own merits without the persistent interjection of vocal curlicues or verbal flights of fancy."
Rolling Stone,40,"Throughout, there's an ungainly combination of the leaden and the jaunty. [Aug 2009, p.102]"

Boston Globe,91,"Its merely an excellent companion to Hoods recent work with his regular band, with several songs--including the Springsteen-like 'Pollyanna' and the smoldering guitar workout 'Walking Around Sense'--ranking with his very best."
Chicago Tribune,91,"Hood is too inclined toward dark-side thoughts and the world too inclined toward dark-side realities for the newer songs to come off complacent."
The Boston Phoenix,82,"With redneck-underground country, slightly detuned minor-key Southern rock, grungy Crazy Horse-indebted lopers and Stonesy rockers, theres a little of everything Hoods done so far, plus a few dashes of discovery."
Filter,80,"Presumably it's not enough for Patterson Hood that he fronts one of the best rock bands in America--Murdering Oscar shows him stepping into an equally impressive solo career, but when the songs he's set aside for himself are this good, you can't blame the man for wanting to share."
Pitchfork,80,"This is, all on its own, a great record."
PopMatters,80,"Murdering Oscar is all about connecting with the past, as Hood cuts loose with old and new bandmates, crafting tender paeans to his new wife and daughter, dusting down childhood memories against a backdrop of roughhouse blues, swamp-country and slow Southern soul."
The New York Times,76,"Nothing here totally upends what we already know of Hood's talents via the Truckers, but it does serve as a supplementary  capsule capturing how he ticks."
Paste Magazine,70,"Although most of the songs on Patterson Hood's second solo album predate the existence of Drive-By Truckers, they'd easily fit on any of his band's records--same low-life characters, busted dreams, and black humor, rendered in solidly gothic Southern rock."
Under The Radar,70,"The album mixes the hard-nosed character studies he writes for Drive-By Truckers and more personal, guardedly hopeful songs. It juxtaposes his brasher, more cynical younger self with his current role as a husband and father."
Billboard.com,70,"The appearance of Hood's dad, legendary session man David, gives parts of Murdering Oscar--even within the Southern-rock storm and Hood's charcoal vocals--a sweet, possibly unprecedented sense of tranquility."
The A.V. Club,70,"Featuring contributions from most of his DBT's bandmates as well as his father, legendary Muscle Shoals bassist David Hood, highlights include 'Pollyanna,' 'She's A Little Randy,' and 'Walking Around Sense.'"
AllMusic,55,"The playing on the album is strong throughout, and unfortunately the lyrics dont quite pass muster. Though Hood acquits himself nicely, none of the songs rank near the top of his considerable artistic output."
NOW Magazine,40,"Devoid of the brawn that makes the Truckers so powerful and without a complementary voice off which to bounce, Hood's songs fall into a folksy rut."

Q Magazine,90,"This is crushing, calculated and catchy, light years beyond the three-chord snarling if Dalle's past. [Jul 2009, p.130]"
Spin,83,"Dalle makes Spinnerette a showcase for her ability to trade styles with equal facility, from clipped, rocking new wave (the uber-catchy 'Geeking,' with its throwback double-tracked vocal) to the grungy closer ('A Prescription For Mankind.' which hosts an experimental secret track)."
Uncut,80,"It sounds like the album Courtney Love might have made had she not spent periods of the past decade blitzed to the back teeth. Which is a (very) good thing, by the way. [Jul 2009, p.132]"
The Guardian,70,"Spinnerette also feels a bit overcooked at times, possibly because of the long time it took to make. At its best, however, Spinnerette shows what Dalle can do outside of the Distillers' context, and suggests that maturity and life after punk rock can actually be fun."
musicOMH.com,70,"Where her former act just made sneering grunty fight-punk, Spinnerette have proper tunes, proper lyrics and proper choruses. Marriage to two proven master songwriters has probably helped. But whatever, it's a positive move."
No Ripcord,70,"Decent stab at Queens Of The Stone Age rawk from Mrs. Josh Homme."
Slant Magazine,60,"The spirit is no less raucous, but there's a new-found propensity for the anthemic and melodic that balances out the grunginess."
Austin Chronicle,60,"Familiarity breeds contempt, and Spinnerette makes its strongest statements when flobbing a big loogie onto the grave of past endeavours, not when laying out fresh blooms at the side."
Alternative Press,60,"Spinnerette sees the former Distillers leader at the head of a band not dissimilar to that run by her husband, Josh Homme. [Jul 2009, p.101]"
The A.V. Club,50,"Proving itself far more shallow than its deepest waters can attest to, Spinnerette is admittedly half of interesting project. However, it is also half of a bloated but ultimately empty mess."
Billboard.com,40,"We feel like we got sold herbal E and it didnt even get us stoned."
BBC Music,27,"She shows greater range than expected, but the clatter of Johannes' busy production too often obscures her charisma and renders her odd punk melodies sadly lifeless. She's better than this perplexing project."

Drowned In Sound,100,"Whatever all this means, Dragonslayer is an album to get your teeth into. As on the final chorus, it's: 'a bigger kind of kill'. You need this."
musicOMH.com,100,"It isnt a song so much as a journey, and as with the rest of Dragonslayer, its epic ambitions are fulfilled."
Rock Sound,90,"Its another astounding album from a great band and one that we should get much, much more music from for many years to come."
The Guardian,90,"Call it surprising/delightful, or call it thrilling/glorious. Either way, Dragonslayers pretty great."
Uncut,84,"Dragonslayer is a shockingly good record, but its no surprise that things ended up this way."
New Musical Express (NME),83,"Dragonslayer is a lither, more athletic Sunset record--easier to like, easier to understand."
Slant Magazine,80,"As carefully crafted as it is, this is the group's most accessible record yet. And it's a damn fine one at that."
AllMusic,80,"Krug clearly takes Sunset Rubdown every bit as seriously as his day job."
Q Magazine,80,"Whether Dragonslayer is as great as any other work is almost irrelevant; it is great and it is grand, and it is all too welcome."
Dot Music,80,"On Dragonslayer, perhaps more so than any of their previous albums, Sunset Rubdown is able to create memorable, multi-part songs that stay engaging throughout and that dont meander aimlessly."
Dusted Magazine,80,"His tendency to cram a million ideas into every song gets toned down, too, but fans of that aesthetic shouldnt worry; the songs are as intricate and delightfully off-kilter as ever."
Mojo,75,"While Dragonslayer might not be the best album in Krugs robust oeuvre, theres still enough here to convince us that Krug is still the ascendant king of indie rock, and that he might have a magnum opus yet to come."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Epic? Extremely. Awesome? Monstrously."
Paste Magazine,70,"Krug's songwriting can't help but put a smile on your face when you really try to let your guard down, and if you want the summer documented by epic eccentricity, this is your callling. [Sep 2009, p.94]"
PopMatters,63,"This, their third album is as ambitious as its predecessors but mutes the joy in favor of a more serious tone and tighter focus--well, as tight as an album with a 10-minute number called 'Dragon's Lair' can be. The results are mixed."
Filter,61,"Dragonslayer eschews this cluttered approach, instead skittering through extended suites of build/release/build riff-rock that often leave Krugs melody lines with no flint to start a fire."
cokemachineglow,60,"Overall, these tracks feel more like the B sides of Random Spirit Lover, maybe the acoustic B sides, the tracks that didn't quite make the cut but would definitely be of interest to ardent fans."
Pitchfork,60,"Their grandiose Baron Muchhausen indie rock does tend to veer toward indulgent. [Jul 2009, p.101]"
Prefix Magazine,60,"By using fewer overdubs, Sunset Rubdown is actually undermining its strengths of expectation-defying structures and lavishly decorated arrangements. [Summer 2009, p.69]"
Spin,60,"Nonsensical lyrics about butterflies and name-changing lovers on tracks like 'You Go On Ahead (Trumpet Trumpet II)' and 'Apollo And The Buffalo And Anna Anna Anna Oh!,' could serve as a distraction, but the songs are saved by beautifully frantic instrumentals."

No Ripcord,90,"Call it the fascinating intersection of jazz, lounge, prog and electro, if you must, but ultimately Tortoise produce music of the most valuable and enduring kind--beyond genres and labels, in a category all of its own."
NOW Magazine,83,"It follows that if the fellas in Tortoise know what makes their sound perfect, they also know how to avoid hitting that mark. Beacons biggest weakness is that it lacks the fluidity of a classic like Standards. Fortunately, thats exactly the weakness currently required from post-rocks still-relevant forefathers."
Chicago Tribune,80,"It can be incredibly difficult for an experimental group to continue experimenting for years on end without getting stale, but Tortoise achieve that balance effortlessly."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Beacons demonstrates that Tortoise is still more than capable of releasing an exciting album."
Under The Radar,80,"Beacons Of Ancestorship is pretty much what the avid Tortoise fan would consider par for the course, in that its a veering cascade of inherent surprises that never fails to astound, amaze or disappoint."
No Ripcord,80,"It was as if all of those constituent elements were combined in equal parts and to perfect balance and have since simply been maintained."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),80,"Theres plenty here for diehards to dissect (Wilhelm scream, anyone?) but the albums real draw is its outright appeal to those unversed in the bands back catalog."
Paste Magazine,79,"The funny thing is that for most bands, Beacons of Ancestorship would be the very definition of an ambitious record--commanding, aiming for conceptual unity and broad scope. But this mode seems to come naturally for Tortoise, and their mastery of it accounts for the record's broad successes and slight drawbacks alike."
Clash Music,77,"Textual descriptions may be difficult to understand without listening through the album's 11 songs, but for someone who has been a faithful listener since their eponymous 1994 debut it is important to know that Beacons Of Ancestorship is surely a keeper."
Drowned In Sound,75,"This new direction doesn't feel like a 180-degree response to the noodly fusion sounds of It's All Around You so much as a natural desire to light out for new territory."
Delusions of Adequacy,75,"The five-piece appropriates form any genre, including rampaging punk, techno, twitchy jazz and desert-baked samba, but with renewed adventure. The 11 tracks burble and skitter to new corners and heights."
Austin Chronicle,70,"Rather than the longer, complex compositions, the four shortest tracks here are the most intriguing, as they compress Tortoises way of layering disparate ideas into brief, disorienting beatscapes."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"So, despite feeling that this is a good, rather than great, album, my score for it may have gone up a point or so by the end of the year. Heres to the return of Tortoise..."
Pitchfork,70,"A few throwaways aside, Beacons is a welcome kick in the tush. [Jul 2009, p.131]"
Filter,70,"A veteran band like Tortoise has pushed past those cinematic expectations--some spawning from that vague term post-rock--and emerged with the immediate and bracing sound of Beacons of Ancestorship."
The A.V. Club,70,"Tortoise have made a welcome escape from the dusty 90s indie crypt."
cokemachineglow,70,"Varied yet remarkably cohesive, think of Beacons Of Ancestorship as an extended, classical composition because Tortoise doesn't write songs, the band write movements in different parts. [Summer 2009, p.69]"
Spin,60,"Tortoise have erased virtually all of their musics familiar signifiers, opting now for stylistic mashes that fall into anonymity as often as they reach new, exciting places."
BBC Music,60,"The quintet's first bona fide album in five years, perhaps acknowledges the baton passing, as does an absence of post-rock tropes. [Jul 2009, p.97]"
Alternative Press,60,"The album has some great moments but a few too many fumbles to hold up as a complete package."
The Guardian,50,"Unfortunately, Beacons Of Ancestorship may leave listeners concussed; as there are only a handful of memorable musical fragments."
Uncut,40,"Beacons Of Ancestorship is rather unlovely beast, sagging under the weight of hoary synths, lumbering dynamics and improvisatory formlessness--not to mention high expectations. [Jul 2009, p.101]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,40,"Sadly, their own sixth album lacks the drive of either Battles or Mogwai. [Aug 2009, p.113]"

AllMusic,91,"The likes of 'Little White Lies' (lost love as spirit death), 'Straight Into a Storm' (found love as rock and roll life), and 'Song About a Man' (grandpa) translate perfectly into their long-diddled dialect."
NOW Magazine,80,"Taken for what it is: strong folk leanings, with a sweet country shuffle, delivered with some of the best lyrics of the year, they all make for one brilliant combination."
Mojo,80,"From its swampy backwoods grooves to its alpha-male protagonists, Born on Flag Day is a fundamentally, rivetingly nostalgic album."
Prefix Magazine,80,"McCauley's time might just have arrived."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"By sacrificing grit, some of the charm that made the debut a success is lost along the way, but the sleeker production is only a minor setback and some of the songs onboard are Deer Tick's best thus far."
Billboard.com,70,"McCauley sounds no less lonely, staring down abandonment and death in gentle waltzes and country-rock rambles."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Mr. McCauley is a committed formalist and a defiant singer; he loves hating himself, and hes thorough about it. His band mates (Andrew Grant Tobiassen on guitar, Christopher Dale Ryan on bass, Dennis Michael Ryan on drums) smartly give him room to gasp, but maybe hes got a future without them as a Nashville songwriter."
Rock Sound,70,"Born On Flag Day is sure to be slightly damned by Deer Tick's earlier success; it's no radical step forward, but McCauley was already on a good path. [Summer 2009, p.74]"
Slant Magazine,70,"As deft revivalists of country in all its forms, the four guys in Deer Tick are entitled to wallow. Luckily, though, their second album delivers doses of pop buoyancy."
musicOMH.com,67,"Unlike 'War Elephant,' which resembled an indie bands stab at country, Born On Flag Day suggests a headlong dive into the canon, with little irony and varying results."
Rolling Stone,67,"I want to stress one last time, post-catch, that these arent terrible songs, nor do they add up to a terrible album. But the net effect is nevertheless one of tedium and disappointment, a partial reminder of 'War Elephant's' potential instead of an attempt to realize it."
PopMatters,60,"McCauley writes within genre, embraces its trappings, and emerges with completely acceptable results."
Lost At Sea,60,"His alt-country songs bristle with classic influences form Gram Parsons to John Fogerty to Steve Eerle. New dog, old tricks. [Jan 2010, p. 122]"
Under The Radar,58,"The band is not exactly daytripping here and there is a great fervor in what they do, but the fruit is not quite ripe. [Summer 2009, p.102]"
Filter,53,"Deer Tick's primary shortcoming is that the band evokes authentically gutty music from the past without noticeably inserting much of themselves into the equation, achieving superficial mimesis and comforting recognition while failing to put their own stamp on their creations."

Paste Magazine,90,"Needless to say, for a band only formed in January 2008, not only is this release very ambitious, but also well meticulously well crafted."
Boston Globe,80,"There's a gleefully fluid rock'n'roll dynamic driving this whole record, more evocative of modern-day US psychedelic reprobates The Dandy Warhols or The Brain Jonestown Massacre, rather than students trying to be clever."
Chicago Tribune,80,"A frequently startling record of no little beauty--which threatens to launch a new, esoteric generation of Williamsburg wonders."
Rolling Stone,80,"All of the time, Will Roan's vocal proves to be the most engaging aspect of Rewild, even at its least explosive."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Roan coaxes with an almost deliriously euphoric art-rock swagger, while O'Connor infuses every track with hedonistic energy. Amazing Baby are desperate to dazzle--and they often do."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Rewild shimmers like the best T. Rex tracks and rip through the raw power of acid rock during its 47 minute running time. [Summer 2009, p.64]"
The A.V. Club,61,"Rewild is how an average debut album should pan out. It might outstrip its ambition and wear its influences too blatantly, but Amazing Baby could be something special once it all clicks."
Los Angeles Times,60,"Rewild is a decent debut album with enough promise to justify keeping a watchful eye for the future."
Uncut,60,"The band batter you around the head with the kitchen sink in an attempt to get you to sit up and take notice, sometimes to the point where it simply gives you a headache."
AllMusic,60,"Its all very lush and fabulous, but also restrained and calculated to the point of coldness. If thats intentional, theyve pulled it off, but not necessarily to the albums benefit."
Mojo,60,"Everything from Pulpish glam to pastoral psychedelia is given the multicoloured makeover, and yet for all its grandiosity, there's something slightly unsatisfying about Rewild."
Q Magazine,60,"Results vary, froma plodding, Kasbian-like 'Deeripper' to the charmingly labyrinthine 'Headdress,' which is so fresh it feels like the genuine article. [Jul 2009, p.96]"
BBC Music,60,"Nearly, but not quite. [Jul 2009, p.117]"
The Boston Phoenix,60,"'Roverfrenz,' an airy synth fantasia with Animal Collective-ish percussion, gets by on neato textures instead of sharp tunes. In general, Rewild could use a little more of the latter, but who has time for that when you're knee-deep in giant guitars and weird ambient vocalizations?"
AllMusic,50,"Rewild isnt an amazing recording, but it is an ambitious one, if supernaturally shallow."

BBC Music,100,"Making good on the only slightly veiled threats of Curses, the new Travels With Myself And Another finds Falkous barbed stories--of fruitless sex, godless existence, and other pointless-yet-unavoidable bullshit--stretched wire-taut, with nary a moment of wasted energy."
Boston Globe,90,"Travels... is a 33 minute monster without a slither of excess fat, and the best thing Andy Falkous has ever put his name to."
Drowned In Sound,90,"Travels With Myself and Another is the best thing this crew has ever made. Its got all you could ask for: hooks, riffs, volume, wordplay, razor-sharp absurdity, and Jack Egglestones incomparable power drumming."
Slant Magazine,90,"By no means a feel-good record, Travels With Myself and Another is rich with enough black humor, sharp perspectives and tight muscular music to make it one of the best rock albums of the year."
Alternative Press,80,"Travels with Myself and Another distinguishes Future of the Left from Mclusky without completely severing ties, and proves they're a band that can keep post-hardcore exciting with righteous anger and merciless wit."
Filter,80,"Yet despite the occasionally black subject matter this is a fine and powerful album for lovers of red meat rock, served rare."
Paste Magazine,80,"As 80s revivalism hits its self-fellating peak, its a pleasure to hear an album that knows escapism isnt dressing up like a fucking unicorn--its shutting your eyes and screaming until your throat burns."
Spin,80,"In addition finding new ways to snarl in their music, the lyrics go beyond mere cleverness into sharp, thoughtful introspection, making Travels a document of a creatively restless band out to prove something to themselves, and not just the fans theyve picked up along the way."
Billboard.com,80,"Travels with Myself and Another expands the complexity, adding guitar solos and a more careful sense of composition to the pounding fray."
Rolling Stone,80,"These Brits--featuring two members of Mclusky, a great band that died in 2005--spit fiery, trebly guitarrock venom with such lusty glee that following them to hell actually sounds inviting."
NOW Magazine,80,"A band that couldn't ddcide if they preferred the caustic post-grunge of The Jesus Lizard or the absurdist, singalong witticisms of Half Man Half Biscuit, so choose to do both. Happily, the band have the muscular riffs and eloquence to pull off both. [Jul 2009, p.88]"
No Ripcord,70,"With the razor-sharp, endlessly listenable, and wildly rocking Travels with Myself and Another, Future of the Left have put their past to rest."
Under The Radar,67,"No single frontman in indie quite possesses Falkouss unique blend of obnoxious charisma, and that fact alone makes Travels a sometimes engaging listen, but hes still made an album that steers dangerously close to emulating the bros hes spent his entire career railing against."
Pitchfork,63,"Travels with Myself and Another doesn't quite live up to the band's first studio album, 2007's 'Curses,' but it reaches the same boorishly absurd heights on the spastic 'Drink Nike' and on 'Stand by Your Manatee,' a catchy freakout about the 'shame' of using plastic silverware."
Uncut,40,"Trying to find a sense of humour amidst the walloping woe is exhausting. [Aug 2009, p.107]"

New Musical Express (NME),80,"For all its abundantly positive qualities and minor but clear distinctions from prior efforts, is still an archetypal Dream Theater album; one that's unlikely to broaden their audience all that much, but is conversely guaranteed to thrill their hardcore converts with its renewed devotion to the most exigent and stimulating facets of the band's chosen musical domain."
Q Magazine,80,"Basically, Black Clouds & Silver Linings is an album that continues the bands increased use of metal riffs combined with extended musical interludes but also brings in strong compositional skills that give the songs the kind of consistency they require in order to be truly memorable and engaging."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"Black Clouds and Silver Linings is, obviously, a mixed bag from Dream Theater. Fans like myself will enjoy it, but again, you cant deny how familiar it all feels."
The A.V. Club,60,"With four tracks topping 12 miutes, it's essentially a celebration of pre-punk boffin-rock, 'The Best Of Times 'and 'The Count Of Tuscany' both prog-metal masterpieces worthy of imperial-phase Rush. [Jul 2009,p.95]"
Dusted Magazine,60,"Black Clouds and Silver Linings is a good album. Its not great, but its their best in a while."
Prefix Magazine,60,"They rarely threaten to run out of steam. [Aug 2009, p.101]"

Alternative Press,80,"This album encapsulates the nostalgic elements of ESG, ELO, Tom Tom Club, The Doors and Sly And The Family Stone, applies a gloss of New York cool and then re-packages it with the modern production of the LCD Soundsystem, CSS and Beck variety. Forget the handclap, they'll take a standing ovation."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Collas and Marquand hold things down with DJ tightness, while members of bands like TV on the Radio and The Dap Kings let loose in the grooves."
BBC Music,80,"This is a party album, whose two centrepieces--the proto-disco drone of You Disappear, and the playground chant of 15 to 20--are irresistible invitations on to the floor."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Serves it purpose as a ready-made playlist for your next party, but perhaps the band's oversimplifying of its sound has stripped away some of its mystique in the process."
Uncut,70,"Unlikely to change your life. Guaranteed to change your afternoon. [Summer 2009, p.70]"
Pitchfork,67,"PHB's sense of style is spot-on, but the anemic tunecraft on The Phenomenal Handclap Band is unlikely to impress fans of the O'Jays or Curtis Mayfield."
The Boston Phoenix,62,"I wouldn't necessarily recommend the LP for anyone who can't make an hour on the treadmill, but there are a few tunes here worth hearing. Too bad you can't exactly make out who's cranking them out."
cokemachineglow,60,"It's hard to get excited about music which never gets too excited itself. What good ideas The Phenomenal Handclap Band do have are spread a little thinly on this debut."
AllMusic,60,"The sticky beats nearly redeem the flute solos, laser blasts and Jesus jive."
Slant Magazine,60,"An exhilarating melange of '60s-style close harmonies, unashamedly funky guitars and psychedelia. [Aug 2009, p.112]"
Spin,50,"Overall The Phenomenal Handclap Band, despite its talented cast and ambitious reach, can't quite pull all threads together. Next time, maybe, with more hand claps."

Billboard.com,80,"Singular pop craftsmen (and women) who can successfully tow the line between commercially viable and artistically sovereign are few and far between in the 21st century, which makes the arrival of Eugene McGuinness a true cause for celebration."
Paste Magazine,80,"What was once pin drop quiet is now grand; one soon adjusts however as the key to all of the songs here is the inner shell, not the protective exterior."
Under The Radar,80,"Eugene McGuinness has created the perfect musical definition of a grower as opposed to a shower, a subtle nudge instead of a smack in the face, and the album's all the better for it."
NOW Magazine,70,"He puts together a good melody for each of these songs, as effortlessly as Ray Davies and in as nasally a voice."
Q Magazine,70,"Eugene McGuinness is a time traveling disc where Eugene blends his creativity with sounds of the past. And although this may have not been intentional, it is somewhat still appreciated."
No Ripcord,70,"The 23-year-old daydreamer's spry aplomb pays dividends. [Summer 2009, p.68]"
PopMatters,60,"What the 22-year-old does with his whimsical art rock influences is less predictable; the arrangements take the songs in odd directions, piquing interest even when the genre experiments drag."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"It's wittier than it is moving or insightful, but give McGuinness time."
Chicago Tribune,60,"Make no mistake, its a decent record by anyones standards; a very good one by some peoples. But it is not the exceptional record that I had hoped for and that early signs showed McGuinness is capable of."
BBC Music,58,"Let's chalk it up to growing pains and watch how early learnings further develop into an adult style."

Delusions of Adequacy,83,"Iretons vocals grow more appealing with each listen, as does the album. Murdoch has created such a lush, cinematic world here that turning Girl into a movie almost feels redundant."
Drowned In Sound,80,"If most B&S records can be considered indie-pop, short-story collections, you might call this a bildungsroman in shorts. And while the pages of this musical story are dog-eared and familiar, as with any favored paperback, thats just a testament to its continued readability."
musicOMH.com,80,"God Help the Girl, old-fashioned and without artifice though it may be, is supremely welcoming. Its charm--and those tunes!--are likely to make it an album you find yourself returning to, again and again, for the simple joy of listening to it."
Slant Magazine,80,"Virtually every song could fit on to a Belle and Sebastian album. None of which is to suggest it isn't good: the tunes are uniformly fantastic and the arrangements are charming."
No Ripcord,80,"God Help The Girl has real class. [Jul 2009, p.99]"
Uncut,80,"It is the clan's most successful production since 1996's 'If You're Feeling Sinister.' [Jul 2009, p.88]"
Under The Radar,80,"Save for a handful of forgettable excursions into tampering with a perfectly good formula, its a very well-written, cohesive collection of songs."
Mojo,80,"The musical doesn't begin production until 2010. The time lapse is confusing for listeners of the narrative, which focuses on a young woman named Eve. But Murdoch, who lends his vocals to two of the album's 14 tracks, plays his strengths as the man behind the music."
Q Magazine,80,"A highly polished 50s-girl-group sound prevails, bringing out production values that verge on cheesy but also string and vocal arrangements that are impressively, bombastically Bacharach."
Pitchfork,77,"While there are fewer barbs and the atmosphere is less filigreed, as with Belle & Sebastian , youre either down with the twee or not. Tuneful as this is, its hard to write it off without feeling like a rockist grinch."
Austin Chronicle,75,"Murdoch's new muse, Catherine Ireton, lends her ingenue vocals to nearly every track,? and while her style seems better suited to the stage, the album dips and? twirls along, like some lost '60s musical excavated from its sweet celluloid slumber."
Billboard.com,75,"God Help the Girl is a spirited expansion of some of Murdoch's best ideas, but until the film finishes shooting--set to start next year--we'll probably just have wild-ass guesses like mine as to the real story."
Rolling Stone,70,"Murdoch pipes up now and again, but he's mostly content to play puppet master in his own lushpop cabaret and revel in the fact that he only has to write and produce these brilliantly classic sounding songs, and not warble them."
Spin,63,"It just simply seems that Stuart Murdoch isnt a very portable songwriter: he may be able to write Stuart Murdoch songs for Stuart Murdoch, but translated to anything but his music frequently exhibits its participants weaknesses, and the end result is unsettling and unfulfilling like few Belle and Sebastian products are."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"God Help the Girl should probably just be viewed as a flawed work or a semi-successful adventure by a solo artist who needs his band to be truly great."
Alternative Press,60,"Pretty but inessential, God Help The Girl may make more sense when the film is finally delivered next year. Up until then this is largely of interest to Belle & Sebastian completists."
Dusted Magazine,60,"This remains, however, a good album, and another triumph for Stuart Murdoch."
AllMusic,50,"For now, this ambitious album sadly slots into the 'for completists only' compartment of Murdoch's nearly unimpeachable discography. [Summer 2009, p.66]"
PopMatters,10,"Iretons voice has an unschooled grace which elevates Hiding Neath My Umbrella to the status of an interesting, if flimsy, curio in Murdochs canon. Its just a shame the rest of the record, and the new recruits, are so fucking woeful."

Pitchfork,90,"Its dark and joyous at the same time, fun and epic sounding enough to seem meaningful, despite my inability to make out most of the lyrics."
Lost At Sea,80,"The lyrics here are sparse and, as with most of the album, indiscernible. Its rare that a rock album could be so enjoyable without a great presence of the English language, but Person to Person certainly is."
Filter,79,"You can tell that these songs were shaped and sculpted and polished ten times over, the attention to detail and space a welcome step away from the often sloppy clumps of no-fi ruckus clattering up from garages and out of bedrooms everywhere right about now."
AllMusic,70,"Foreign Born feel like they should have more staying power, even if theres less flash."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Singer Matt Popieluch transcends his past as Peter Bjorn And Johns bongo player as he helms the hyper-melodic Vacationing People, while Wait in This Chair proves a moving ode to inertia, casting a spell only a televised fashion disaster could break."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"A charming indie-pop ode to the rootlessness of the permanently hot-tubbed."
BBC Music,66,"This isn't a necessarily better brand of Foreign Born shoegaze, but it is far shiner and more decidely American made. [Summer 2009, p.96]"
musicOMH.com,60,"Person to Person is a pleasant enough listen rather than a gripping one, somewhere between enjoyable inspiration and careful exercise, a flavoring in the general indie rock milieu of the early 21st century that, for the moment, can have no greater impact."
NOW Magazine,60,"There is a frustrating, anticipatory quality to Person To Person: always promising, but often dropping you off short of ecstasy. [Summer 2009, p.65]"
Uncut,60,"If there is a criticism, it's that they lack thier own, unique sound, but this is still a breezily pleasing summer-evoking effort. [Jul 2009, p.122]"

Delusions of Adequacy,70,"this hodgepodge approach should certainly bring Alexisonfire some U.S. rock radio airplay, especially such standout tracks as the leadoff single, 'Young Cardinals,' as well as the album-opening 'Old Crows,' 'The Northern,' and the surprisingly tranquil and sweetly sung album closer, 'Burial.'"
Mojo,70,"It sounds like all those summers hanging at the cottage with Lemmy Kilmister and Lars Frederiksen finally made him realize there's more than one way to blow out your vocal cords. That makes Old Crows/Young Cardinals a welcome reinvention. [Aug 2009, p.106]"
Q Magazine,70,"Its faults are minimal, though its highs are somewhat indistinguishable. In the end, you're left with a wash of mid-paced, hook-laden and relatively solid post-post-hardcore."
Paste Magazine,60,"But from supposedly passionate Vonnegut fans we could do without Sons Of Privilege and its student union pop at Uncle Sam (chief findings: U.S.A.=B.A.D.), while much of the rest slips into shouty default mode."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Now the songwriting is more ambitious, cerebral and not always out to attack, and third vocalist Wade MacNeil is increasingly putting his stamp on the sound. It doesnt always come together."

PopMatters,80,"Their sound will never grow tiresome; it only gets better with repeated use."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"The Guilty Office feels different; it sounds quite a bit like its predecessor (which in turn sounded quite similar to early 90s efforts like Fear of God and Silverbeet), but like a new eyeglass prescription, it renders the familiar in sharper detail."
Alternative Press,80,"It's guitarist Kaye Woodward who remains the band's covert star: her fuzzy solo on 'Crimson Enemy, limpid precision on 'Satellites'a dncrystalline backing vocals throughout represent thefairy dust on a record full of highs. [Jul 2009, p.97]"
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"To themselves and their fans, this is probably just another good Bats record. To newcomers, like myself, this is a great record that really deserves to be checked out."
Dusted Magazine,75,"Even as the band sticks to the path of least resistance, it skirts the MOR sandtrap that sinks so many indie rock acts that manage to last a quarter century."
Pitchfork,70,"The dreamy-but-tuneful approach that Bats lovers have come to expect still reigns, but The Guilty Office also shows a willingness to expand things a bit."
Under The Radar,60,"The Bats have become an exciting band in their own right, and The Guilty Office is another solid installment in their discography."
Filter,60,"The band are now reactivated for their seventh, and pick up pretty much where they left off, the strum and twang now augmented by strings, but with the same determinedly old-school indie happysad heart. [Jul 2009, p.81]"
The A.V. Club,60,"The Guilty Office recalls its predecessors, with better engineering focusing the details."

AllMusic,60,"Given what a satisfying collection In Living Cover manages to be for the most part, its a shame that he chose to end on a couple of bum notes."
Pitchfork,50,"This album ultimately emerges as an erratic project, its highlights spread too thinly to do much good."
PopMatters,40,"Jay Brannan means well on his first collection of cover songs. Problem is, he doesnt bring much of himself to the proceedings on In Living Cover, aside from a dead-serious delivery set against a spare folk backdrop."
Under The Radar,20,"Most of the album's remaining tracks are utterly vacuous interpretations of songs that few are likely to care much about. They offer nothing new to anyone or anything."

Paste Magazine,90,"The true brilliance here is what is not done rather than what is. Instead of getting repetitive, drawn out, and maybe even boring, the album concludes itself at a measly yet perfect 11 tracks, clocking in at just under 40 minutes."
Spin,88,"Marrying firebrand lyrics with massive, pedal-pushing guitar riffs, SSSC (it sounds like a union acronym, doesn't it?) revels in the kinds of big, earnest gestures that emblematized 1990s alternative rock."
Alternative Press,80,"It's Street Sweeper Social Club, pairing guitarist Tom Morello with rapper Boots Riley on a self-titled collection of striking, strident songs that take aim at the status quo with devastating riffs and searing lyrics."
Under The Radar,75,"On the whole it works more often than not though, as Morello and Riley have a genuine and unforced chemistry."
AllMusic,67,"While Morello's and Riley's styles suit each other well, their acclaimed resumes are ultimately just a reminder that both men have done more memorable work elsewhere."
Paste Magazine,60,"Their debut suffers from Morello's uneven arrangements, which vacillate between rousing hardcore funk and predictable hard-rock crunch."
Spin,60,"Morello's guitars tend to dominate, Riley's best lines get lost, and none of the songs here have the tunes to convert floating voters. [Nov 2009, p.106]"
Pitchfork,50,"Morellos furious fretwork doesnt complement Boots dumbed-down lyrics so much as it drowns them out: Its oppressive and overwhelming."
PopMatters,50,"When an emcee sounds interrupted or unbalanced by the guitar and most of the music appears to be ripped from a bedroom jam session, its painfully obvious; Street Sweeper Social Club would better benefit society by performing said namesake operation."
Alternative Press,50,"Though a floundering economy, bombed-out GOP and a season or two of corporate bailouts have provided them with a fat barrel of fish to shoot, this rap-rock hybrid simmers instead of seethes, never quite mustering the blood-boiling rage of its principals' previous material."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),50,"If Morello and Riley hadn't been involved in such great projects before, this would be acceptable, but in hindsight, it doesn't really live up to their past accomplishments."
The A.V. Club,50,"RATM guitarist and hardcore troubadour participates in dodgy agit rap/rock experiment."
Delusions of Adequacy,40,"The problem isn't overheated rhetoric, it's half-baked songs."
No Ripcord,39,"Even as a record of adequate, vaguely politicized mook-rock, it mostly falls flat, whether by lazy lyrics or some uninspired drumming from Galactic's Stanton Moore, who adds plenty of percussive touches like the judicious cowbell of 'Clap For the Killers' but sinks more straightforward tracks such as 'The Oath' like a stone."
AllMusic,37,"The blithe, lyrical approach is misplaced in the context of Morellos domineering, effects-laden guitar sound."
Dusted Magazine,30,"Several spins of Street Sweeper Social Club reveals the weaknesses inherit in this duos style. While Boots is mostly on point with his critical lyricism, he lacks a punchy energy that is required to match Morellos heavier riffs."
Spin,30,"An attempt to relive the RATM era that falls far, far short of the bar. Save your money and go and listen to the real deal instead."

Pitchfork,67,"On their fourth release in as many years, the boys don't entirely topple their Tiger Beat pedestal, but with Lines' PG-13 sentiments and wailing guitars, they try hard to leave their tween-dream innocence behind."
Tiny Mix Tapes,63,"Although the tunes are accomplished, Lines has a patina of smarm that's less smart than the music."
Under The Radar,63,"If the Jonases come up woefully short in the sensitivity department, they (nearly) make up for it with songwriting that's far more flavorful than that on Fearless or on the JoBros' previous disc, last year's 'A Little Bit Longer.'"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"Vines and Trying Times the seams are showing, which makes it a little bit harder to enjoy, even if there are certainly moments where all their craft and charm click, resulting in some fine pop that points out what's missing from the rest of the record."
Filter,60,"The boys continue to expand musically, making this their kickiest and catchiest CD yet, even better than last year's A Little Bit Longer."
Pitchfork,60,"In a number of 'mature' developments to their sound they've laid down impeccably produced horns (see bombastic opener 'World War III'), come within millimetres of salacious classic rock in the excellent 'Poison Ivy' (watch out for the implied 'bitch' in the chorus!) and, on lead single 'Paranoid,' dispensed a chilled-out post-baggy number."
musicOMH.com,60,"Its a bricolage of genres, so bent on embracing a variety of musical forms that it sometimes borders on parody."
AllMusic,60,"While it's commendable for the trio to try to break out of its teen dream box, it's on songs like 'Before the Storm'--featuring Miley Cyrus--where the brothers prove they're still among the best at putting the fizz in pop culture."
Delusions of Adequacy,40,"Lines suggests that the Jonas Brothers simply don't have--or, more charitably, haven't yet developed--the chops to make it once the current teen-pop bubble bursts."
Sputnikmusic,40,"Lines, Vines and Trying Times isnt a good record and definitely isnt the kind of thing you should be looking to investigate further. But if youre reading this review, the chances are its not meant for you, so giving it a thumbs-down is hardly earth-shattering news."
The New York Times,30,"As a piece of product, this album modestly accomplishes the goal of keeping the Jonas Brothers name out there, reenergizing the fickle base. But as an album, it is a failure, weighed down by the painfully bland production and a team of uninspired professional songwriters who add little to Nicks developing skills."

The A.V. Club,80,"If polished solos from Steve Vai and Keith Emerson detract from the original film's clumsy verite, some lines can still elicit big chuckles. [Aug 2009, p.105]"
BBC Music,67,"The nostalgia continues on Back From the Dead with reworked versions of tunes from the Rob Reiner flick that started it all; six so-so new tracks reveal why the throwback vibe was probably a good idea."
No Ripcord,60,"Some listeners may find this approach riotous, since the humor is pushed right toward the front, while many may miss how their original recordings blurred the lines between real rock and fantasy."
Prefix Magazine,60,"An achingly sharp comedy album then, but at 19 tracks it's to be admired rather than loved. [Jul 2009, p.92]"
cokemachineglow,60,"Finally, the sequel to Break Like The Wind..."
Drowned In Sound,60,"One can't help thinking most of these new tracks would connect better in video format. [Summer 2009, p.68]"
New Musical Express (NME),40,"Reanimation never sounded so lifeless."

PopMatters,80,"So, though itll be a while before they shake off the inevitable age fixation, TMOT have produced an album thats a stroke of genius regardless of age."
Slant Magazine,80,"It's this Grand Royal mish-mash style of mixing genres that makes this such a fun, cartoonish, joy ride."
NOW Magazine,75,"Its short (11 songs in 26 minutes), produced on Garageband, and endlessly earnest throughout every bit of its electro-inflected garage rock."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Like Tiny Masters, these kids are at that enviable point when all this seems fresh and new. You can almost see the process of discovery burning brightly in their eyes. Skeletons perfectly captures that moment."
Uncut,70,"Skeletons is more developed and more assured than their debut, but the band predictably has room for growth."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Although at times the tunes become monotonous, the brother and sister group show that theyre going to be around for a hot minute, cranking out anti-Disney channel ditties in the name of all things punk."
Under The Radar,60,"The Brooklyn siblings forgo their 2007 albums rock star cameos (Karen O, Gibby Haynes, Fred Schneider) and funnel their adolescent aggravations into nippy punk rousers, where closet monsters and rich kids alike get served a scuzzy skewering."
Urb,50,"The overall effect of Skeletons is akin to being poked and prodded by a bratty child for over half an hour."
AllMusic,40,"It's an energetic and clattering punk listen, topped by Ada's louche vocals, but suffers from over-exhuberance in its production. [Jul 2009, p.101]"
Drowned In Sound,30,"There is an alarming lack of imagination in evidence on Skeletons, and virtually nothing in the way of strong emotion."

musicOMH.com,100,"They've done it here, and Bitte Orca is close to a masterpiece."
New Musical Express (NME),100,"The only thing Dirty Projectors' fifth album leaves me wishing for is a fifth rating star to wedge in."
No Ripcord,100,"Over nine indispensable tracks, Bitte Orca forges a more perfect union between eccentricity and accessibility."
Mojo,92,"Here, it stands behind so many other newly apparent strengths--a testament to the leaps and bounds Longstreth has made as a songsmith and Dirty Projectors have made as a band."
Pitchfork,91,"Somehow the band makes it work, though, pulling all those disparate sounds together in a unified style that's all the more glorious for its strangeness."
Dusted Magazine,90,"While still retaining that exacting focus that has made Dirty Projectors the unplaceable enterprise that it is, Bitte Orca is merely the sound of an extremely talented group of musicians tweaking and, to an extent, reinventing their approach, stepping a little further away from left field."
PopMatters,90,"Weird but exhilerating outing from Williamsburg Hipsters."
Uncut,90,"In an era of scripted and calculated music, the fly-by-the-seat-of-their-pants Dirty Projectors thrill at every blind turn they barrel through. [Summer 2009, p.65]"
Under The Radar,89,"The result is the most thoroughly engaging entry in the Dirty Projectors catalog and one of the most singularly engrossing albums likely to be released this year, a triumph in sustained creative restlessness."
Tiny Mix Tapes,86,"Despite its wandering parts and spacious production, Bitte Orca is a precise groove, almost medical in the way it delivers its complexity with such simple terms. [Spring 2009, p.100]"
Paste Magazine,86,"Bitte Orca signifies something exciting and all too infrequent in popular music: striving for a sound that doesn't have a definite audience."
AllMusic,85,"Bitte Orca is the kind of album that is best taken from start to finish, where the songs and musical themes are allowed to grow, endear and impress."
PopMatters,83,"Not only will you hum snatches, you'll parse lyrical bits, too: a basement-dwelling twentysomething high on Gatorade in an underpopulated housing development, a waitressing job for Solange Knowles."
Mojo,80,"Clever, original, complicated, sometimes frustrating but more often revelatory, it will, given time, uncover its manifold delights."
Filter,80,"Longstreth's prickly surface belies a bright pop center: tart, sweet, and gushing all at once."
The A.V. Club,80,"Bitte Orca isn't a record that'll reduce many to tears, except perhaps of awe. But when something's so astonishing in every other respect, we can allow for that."
Under The Radar,80,"The 2009 Projectors have adopted a more enjoyable model, thanks in part to Longstreth holding back that horn."
BBC Music,80,"Via the fluttering sketches of David Longstreth's early solo releases and 2007's remarkable Black Flag quasi-tribute album, Rise Above, they arrive at this confounding, beautiful record."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Bitte Orca is an unorthodox listen; racking your brain and melting your heart all in the same instant, and that is something to appreciate."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"This is fresh music, making exciting shapes with primitive resources, and though some will find Longstreth's keening bleat and bravura deconstructions show-offy there are constant flowerings of devastating prettiness, and when all the singers blare in unison the beauty they summon is almost overwhelming. [Jul 2009, p.100]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Bitte Orca is made of nine distinct and powerful songs, and perhaps that is what makes it more inviting than earlier albums."
PopMatters,80,"David Longstreth isn't quite trying to make things easy for his listeners on Bitte Orca, but there's far too much pleasure in this music for its eccentricities to put off anyone who is open to its gleeful, eclectic, internationalist heart."
Uncut,80,"Still, as a whole, Bitte Orca feels nothing less than a modern equivalent to Talking Heads' Fear Of Music or Scritti's Cupid & Psyche 85 art-rock with intellectual rigour, borderless curiosity, and no fear of the mainstream. Pop, by any other name."
Pitchfork,80,"Many may not have the patience to follow its somersaults. Those who do will be richly rewarded. [Jul 2009, p.121]"
AllMusic,78,"As relatively good as most of Bitte Orca is, 'Stillness Is The Move' alone gives us reason enough to be optimistic: should Longstreth pursue his newfound fascination with mainstream music further, it's proof that the Dirty Projectors are capable of evolving into a far better pop band than their experimental selves ever let on."
PopMatters,70,"Ultimately Bitte Orca is definitely a pleasing follow-up; it just isn't necessarily the supreme breakthrough many had hoped for."
Pitchfork,60,"Their seventh album remembers to add tunes, and is thus less baffling than before."
AllMusic,60,"It's at once attention-deficient and micromanaged, exhilarating and aggravating."
BBC Music,50,"The thing that really sucks about Bitte Orca is that the guy is probably onto something pretty good, but his allegiance to cleverness rather than consistency fucks it up."

Drowned In Sound,100,"The music remains ageless and weird, fueled on chaos and clarity, but these are songs, not sound experiments for their own sake."
Prefix Magazine,100,"Ultimately, The Eternal acts as a fitting and timeless aide-memoire of everything this mighty band has ever achieved."
Dusted Magazine,91,"Over Thurston and Lee's combustible tunings and Steve's strong beat, they've long since learned to construct memorable tunes track in and track out."
Under The Radar,90,"The Eternal is absorbing and raw, from the slower, affable 'Antenna' to the pounding 'Poison Arrow.'"
Entertainment Weekly,83,"The songs on The Eternal are more conventionally rock-oriented than any in Sonic Youths career, yet the album doesnt really sound like a departure."
musicOMH.com,80,"The bands put together one of their more accessible albums, full of immediate thrills instead of drawn-out weirdness."
Boston Globe,80,"Sonic Youth's freedom to follow their bliss is what holds The Eternal together; just as paradoxically, the changes they make on this album not only bring excitement to their music, they reaffirm just how consistently good the band has been--and continues to be--over the years."
PopMatters,80,"Ingredients from those progressive forays ensure that the new tunes sound fresh even as the album is marked with such Sonic signatures as artful contrasts and angular arrangements."
Billboard.com,80,"Both cerebral and corporeal, sacred and profane, The Eternal sees this band approach the level of The Velvet Underground, where chaos and beauty ravish each other within the same song. Clever old sods."
AllMusic,80,"So heres a Sonic Youth record in which Ms. Gordon sings all the best stuff."
Filter,80,"The Eternal is a rock group playing at the peak of their powers: assured but not comfortable, and free with each other."
Drowned In Sound,80,"It's Sonic Youth's most compelling album in years."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"There is an excitable, almost naive quality to its visceral riffs and enthusiastic name-checks of artists, poets and countercultural figures."
Dot Music,80,"The Eternal is simply just another confirmation that Sonic Youth is one of the most essential---if not the most essential---indie collectives of the past thirty years."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Almost three decades into their journey, age has only emboldened them. [Jul 2009, p.99]"
Mojo,80,"The irony is that The Eternal might be their most concise record ever. It's also a rock & roll ass-kicker."
Slant Magazine,80,"They're still delivering more aural discovery and attitude than both their weary, uninspired colleagues and the legion of fumbling neophyte upstarts combined. [Jul 2009, p.130]"
Uncut,80,"Hitting a second stride with 'Murray Street' in 2002, the band maintains its leadership position among melodic noise-makers with The Eternal, which is so chock-full of hummable pop hooks you'd think a hit doctor lent a hand."
Rolling Stone,80,"It's certainly heavier, but it's tuneful and heavy at the same time."
Pitchfork,80,"This is the sound of a band at its most self-aware, tuggging gently at the boundaries of their trademark sound to gorgeous effect. [Summer 2009, p.68]"
cokemachineglow,80,"Refreshingly, nothing outstays its welcome, not even nine-minute closer 'Massage The History.' [Jul 2009, p.124]"
No Ripcord,78,"These songs arent purely doom and gloom; theyre not tons of fun either, but hope and curiosity abound, even if theyre not easy to spot on first listen."
Paste Magazine,72,"All the things you love about Sonic Youth are here, just a little fewer and further between than you'd like. [Spring 2009, p.93]"
Q Magazine,70,"Its indulgent length--just shy of the ten-minute mark--reflects The Eternals most glaring weakness: a lengthy running time that undermines its focus on careening, punkish abandon over measured songwriting."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"Yes, The Eternal is Another Sonic Youth Record but its also Another Good Sonic Youth record, revealing its finer details gradually, even if theres no fundamentally new approach, arrangement, or message, in any of the songs."
Dot Music,68,"At the very least, some excellent songs lurk among these 12 tracks, and there's enough potential for debate about which are which to make The Eternal worthy of Sonic Youth's singular canon."
Alternative Press,67,"The Eternal offers a sort of survey course in SY history, careering from their early art-school atonality to the more melodically sophisticated compositions of later years. The problem is, none of it looks forward; in spelunking through the past, the band seems to have forgotten to unearth anything new."
AllMusic,67,"The three-guitar interplay, moderated by bassist Mark Ibold and Steve Shelley on drums, is confident if briefly indulgent ('Walkin Blue'), but Sonic Youth reigns in those tendencies for the most part, making The Eternal its most straightforward album yet."
Slant Magazine,63,"The Eternal is a fun, superficial tangent, disappointing in its regressiveness but enjoyable as long you don't examine it too closely."
musicOMH.com,62,"Really, everything is utterly in its right place on The Eternal, which is also its most glaring flaw, and its this lack of the new that makes it kind of a bummer, though, at the least, a pleasant one."
The Guardian,60,"Good, but the exciting notion of a genuine career left turn feels increasingly unlikely."
PopMatters,60,"Married since 1984, the couple has reached a level of easy rapport that makes their collaborations feel warmly alive. Hopefully the band's sound won't continue to settle into the same kind of comfortable informality."
Paste Magazine,60,"The Eternal is accessible, listenable, and all the rest: another consistent album from the consistent rock band Sonic Youth."
NOW Magazine,60,"It's well-built, yes, but almost too well built, many parts sounding like they've been lifted directly from SY's vast back catalogue and slotted into place, like a jigsaw that needed completing, rather than the sprawling documents of noise and confusion this band's name is built upon."
The Guardian,60,"Still sounding like an evening in your company will encompass discussions of Yves Klein and Lindsay Lohan? Check, check, check. But still cool."

Observer Music Monthly,90,"Battle For The Sun takes the best elements of thier sound and focuses it into a cohesive listening experience--there's no filler to be found. [Jul 2009, p.130]"
Clash Music,80,"The result is Placebo's best album since 1998's magisterial 'Without You I'm Nothing.' [Jul 2009, p.97]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"[The albums final track is] a satisfying conclusion to the bands best album since 2000s Black Market Music."
musicOMH.com,80,"Producer David Bottrill (King Crimson, Tool, Muse) gives Battle for the Sun a lean, sharp sound, stripping away a lot of the synthetic weight that bulked up the group's last few albums."
New Musical Express (NME),67,"The band has made records more appealingly outr than this one. Raise the freak flag higher, dudes!"
Paste Magazine,65,"The threesome, along with Tool-producer Dave Bottrill, deliver a brightly focused, 13-track collection that hard-core fans will pan and newbies will adore."
Pitchfork,60,"Battle for the Sun, the band's sixth album and first with drummer Steve Forrest, is given a steel-reinforced production by David Bottrill, a sound that could conceivably be placed on mainstream rock radio if that format still existed, or if it were used as a vehicle for something else than Placebo's music, which remains resolutely pitched toward a niche audience, no matter how many little frills of horns or farting synths grace their guitar grind."
BBC Music,60,"The album may revive the band's career in North America, but for many of their loyal fans it will come as a major disappointment."
Dot Music,60,"Its true that in parts Battle For The Sun, Placebos [sixth] studio album, will give the open-minded/easily-fooled aspartame butterflies in the stomach, methadone iris dilation and nicotine-patch heart tremors."
Uncut,60,"The bulk is what Placebo term 'hard pop': lean, muscular movers shot through with melody. As unfashionable as it may be to say so, there aren't many bands that do it better. [July 2009]"
The New York Times,60,"A heavier take on their gothic moan-rock."
Mojo,60,"Battle clearly illustrates efforts at sounding new, and undecided listeners may wonder why those efforts bore sweet moments with little resonance, a sugar pill for Placebos new era."
Q Magazine,50,"Lacking lyrics as memorable as 2006's 'Meds,' Battle for the Sun is heavier but duller, with the gap between Molko's spindly melodies and the fatter, newly Americanized riffs widening."
AllMusic,50,"Too many songs are full of bombast and bland angst, as if these smart guys know better but can't help themselves."
NOW Magazine,40,"Battle For The Sun feels hazy, lazy and lost--a muggy summer afternoon. Predictable lyrics grate awkwardly like manufactured pop-factory produce, while a nice helping of sunshine-synth and sighs paint a chirpy celebration of life and all its hand-clappy beauty. Meh."
Prefix Magazine,40,"The band utilise new instruments--saxophone, brass and more--in a too-blantant attempt to convince us that they are more than goths. [Aug 2009, p.101]"
Dusted Magazine,34,"They've jettisoned just about anything that ever made them perversely enjoyable."

Tiny Mix Tapes,100,"A world away from their ladrock roots, you might say."
The A.V. Club,80,"Sounding more like Animal Collective than The Las, in these times when one wrong move is seeing bands of Kasabians stature sink like stones, it seemed a brave comeback."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"The resulting epic is barmy and beautiful, suggesting that while Kasabian's amps go up to 11, they can also sound good when they're turned down to four."
XLR8r,80,"It's the sound of past and future uniting to good effect--and Kasabian's strongest statement yet that they're in this for the long haul."
PopMatters,80,"The results so far, as on 2006's martial piledriver 'Empire,' have both been levitating and gut-level, as befits a group who count DJ Shadow's 'Endtroducing' and Oasis's 'Definitely Maybe' among their musical epiphanies. These same virtues are all over 'West Ryder Pauper Lunatic Asylum.' [Jul 2009, p.93]"
Hot Press,80,"What Kasabian lack in orginality they more than compensate for attitude and exhilarating hysteria. [Jul 2009, p.112]"
Spin,80,"Stonking new record from former Lad rockers. Whod have thought?"
Alternative Press,70,"West Ryder is innovative rock'n'roll: traditional instruments freshened up with modern technology. [Summer 2009, p.67]"
Under The Radar,60,"The result is an interesting, unexpected piece of work, devoid of a militantly commercial single like Empire's self-titled track, and lacking the shaggy Madchester vibes that Christopher Karloff brought to 2004's Kasabian."
BBC Music,60,"All of which leads you to conclude that in their struggle to position themselves, Kasabian are trying too hard to be all things to all men."
The Guardian,50,"One suspects the end product here may have had more to do with the record's producer than its creators, and as a result, this album is as unconvincing as the band's hollow assurances that they're open to embracing new horizons."
Uncut,50,"Between the groovier tracks, the album rarely keeps its feet or focus for long, getting lost in mazes of mangy Stones riffs or acoustic roundabouts with little purpose or pulse."
Spin,49,"When taking advantage of the opportunity to be as dumb as they need/want to be, West Ryder succeeds, which is another way of saying acoustic guitars have absolutely no reason to be involved."
Mojo,40,"What pulls this album back from being anything but revelatory, however, is not only the typical lazy rock the band are purveyors of, especially 'Fire' and 'Fast Fuse,' but also the diabolical lyrical content that's employed throughout West Ryder Pauper Lunatic Asylum."
Q Magazine,30,"Thing is, most of the songs on West Ryder Pauper Lunatic Asylum, while never outright abhorrent on their own, just arent tight enough to keep from being devoured by all the sonic excess."

Entertainment Weekly,91,"On his third solo album, the thematic focus is intense enough to ignite kindling."
Los Angeles Times,90,"There is no way that anything Im about to write regarding Rhett Millers self-titled solo album will adequately convey the way harmony and heartache meet with sharp wit, sweet woe and sly wordplay over a magnificent mixture of power-pop hooks, harder-rock riffs and tender folk ballads to perform the musical alchemy currently streaming from my speakers."
Billboard.com,84,"While it might be an uncomfortable state of mind for the musician, it makes for some compelling tunes here."
PopMatters,80,"Per usual for his solo work, he's made his strongest set yet."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"On this fine self-titled set (produced, as was the most recent 97's album, by Dallas-based Salim Nourallah) Miller works his familiar mixture of '60s-pop jangle and alt-country twang, singing about the highs and lows of love like someone who just experienced them for the first time."
musicOMH.com,75,"If Rhett Miller only intermittently generates excitement, its because after 2002s wonderful 'The Instigator,' Miller seemed bound for more lasting rock glory. Instead hes settled comfortably into the minor leagues, reliably scattering the kinds of hits that still turn scouts heads."
Drowned In Sound,70,"It's an ambitious album that finds Miller really stretching himself as a songwriter, but it's hard not to wish there were more songs like the nervy 'If It's Not Love' on board to help the medicine go down."
Boston Globe,70,"He sounds like a pro here too, turning in uniformly high quality performances, but without much thrill or excitement."
Chicago Tribune,60,"The signature '97's twang takes a backseat to finely tuned pop songs. The downside? It falls short of going anywhere new musically. [Jul 2009, p.130]"
Slant Magazine,59,"Like much of Rhett Miller, and unlike much oft-unctuous power pop, it's music seemingly made to softly impress rather than outright inspire."
The A.V. Club,50,"Miller has the voice to support the songs and the talent to write a whole sturdy catalog of them. But with the bravado and confidence hes shown in the past, the problem is one of volume. With so much to say, much of Rhett Miller feels muted."

Rolling Stone,87,"Rainwater Cassette Exchange certainly finds creative ways to transform their music and expand their already impressive catalogue, even if most of the songs are quite short and leave the listener yearning for more."
No Ripcord,80,"At five songs and 15 minutes long, Rainwater Cassette Exchange is a quick tour of what Deerhunter can do and how well they do it, and more proof the band's inspiration is at its peak."
Pitchfork,80,"While their LPs are again, consistently, some of the years best albums, it is definitely true that their EPs are no slouches either."
Prefix Magazine,80,"The remarkable thing is that, even on an EP of accessible pop songs, Deerhunter effortlessly retain that shape."
The A.V. Club,80,"A fluid transition is made into album closer Circulation, an exhilarating piece where the not-so-secret-weapon, drummer Moses Archuleta propels the band through the universe that's made Deerhunter's records so repeat-worthy; that place where reverbed typhoons are miraculously contained and space is somehow kept taut."
The New York Times,80,"Rainwater Cassette Exchange confirms--Deerhunter may never make a loud or abrasive album again, but they have other, deeper fires, burning away fierce as ever."
AllMusic,75,"Ranging from translucent psych-pop to pummeling garage-rock, they're alternately assured and vulnerable, direct and subtle, light and dark."
Under The Radar,75,"The result is not only Deerhunters least experimental batch of songs yet, but music that often sounds like it was written by another band."
Filter,70,"Rainwater Cassette Exchange is another reason to head down to your local cassette exchange and a great nightcap to polish off one of last years strongest albums."
Billboard.com,70,"Deerhunter makes peerless guitar pop and they make it look easy. [Summer 2009, p.69]"
Paste Magazine,60,"A few tracks seem unfinished, but Deerhunter's obsession with oblivion remains as intact as always."

Spin,100,"Given their experience writing and producing for the likes of Kylie Minogue, Madonna and Brittney Spears, it stands to reason why Miike Snow is such an irresistibly captivating album."
Pitchfork,90,"For Miike Snow make weirdly wonderful music, not without its strange lyrical dark side, but with an overall vibe that raises you to your feet and makes you gaze at the blue sky. In a phrase, life-enriching."
PopMatters,80,"Both the production and Wyatt's shape-shifting croon are so butter-smooth that it takes repeated plays to sense the hurt that hides behind these dance-floor lullabies."
Slant Magazine,70,"There's no lack of artists making similar sounding music--MGMT, Pop Levi, White Williams, and even Animal Collective come to mind--but Miike Snow is ambitious and fun enough that they're worth checking out."
Austin Chronicle,70,"An intelligent, satisfying, extremely listenable pop record, its simultaneously nothing you expected, and most everything you hoped for."
The A.V. Club,70,"Here Christian Karlsson and Pontus Winnberg hook up with indie boy Andrew Wyatt, manhandling his plaintive love ballads until they explode into freewheeling electro fantasias."
BBC Music,60,"When they slip up, its due to stupid lyrics or mainstream tendencies (like the beginning of the first single, 'Burial'). But they do create winning synth moments on 'Song For No One' and 'In Search Of.'"
AllMusic,60,"Miike Snows debut is a curious affair: clad in icy, inscrutable packaging a la Sigur Ros with american singer Andrew Wyatt carefully enunciating every overwrought word, its also jam-packed with the kind of dazzling pop tricks you might expect from three chaps whose day job is churning out radio hits for the likes of and Jordin Sparks."
Uncut,60,"Their packed schedule has finally allowed space for this lavish eponymous debut. [Sep 2009, p.95]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"As the album enters its second half a number of elements which made the its first half so enjoyable begin to get tiresome, particularly the over-reliance on piano."
The Guardian,50,"The debut album by these producers-turned-trio comes after blog-bait remixes galore, including a nice enough Postal Service-ish Vampire Weekend makeover, but there's little of those fine young Columbians' infectious exuberance here."

cokemachineglow,80,"While weeding through the wreckage of science, sociology, and religion for the quivering individual may seem like heavily guarded Radiohead territory, Dredg pulls it off with the human heart still intact. At 18 tracks, it can be a lot to swallow, but keep in mind that many of these are transitional pieces and rarely overstay their welcome."
The New York Times,70,"The most important takeaway when listening to The Pariah, the Parrot, the Delusion is that however centaurian the album as a whole may be, Dredg are a truly special group."
Clash Music,60,"Pariah isn't without its merits, and diehard fans will likely find few flaws anywhere. But for the casual listener, the album might seems a little less 'Of The Room' and a little more 'Rent.' [Jul 2009, p.126]"
Under The Radar,60,"Though it often oversteps its own ability a few too many times, The Pariah, The Parrot, The Delusion is clear in aggression and ambition, rarely annoying listeners with undue hubris."
Slant Magazine,58,"Dredg gets a bit lost in the pursuit of redefining itself; thankfully, the current coordinates arent too far off from what once made the band so promising."

Urb,80,"Indictments abound on The People Or The Gun, Anti-Flag's seventh full-length that proves Pittsburgh's politically aware punks haven't lost their bite nor bark. [Jul 2009, p.122]"
Pitchfork,80,"They get the sentiment of a thousand anguished FT editorials across in a mere 30 minutes."
Mojo,70,"Even if People or the Gun does nothing to break new barriers musically, fans of their early work will be pleased to hear a return to form."
Q Magazine,70,"The album never challenges the conventions of a political punk rock record. Because so many political punk rock records have come and gone, Anti-Flag missed another opportunity to at least make The People or the Gun a little more compelling than its army of predecessors."
PopMatters,58,"The band isnt in the same lyrical league as others of similar political persuasions. What they do have is energy, which makes about half the album enjoyable, in spite of lyrics that would sound more appropriate coming from a high-school freshman."

Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Joan Of Arcs latest is much more abrasive, much edgier and squeamish than what Ive come to expect from them. And thats not a bad thing at all."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Mostly, though, Flowers just feels like a breather album after the last two, a typical Joan of Arc album wholly trapped in the moment of creation."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Joan of Arc's work on a whole generally tends to be pretty loose, but sorting through the remnants and mood pieces on Flowers can make 'Boo! Human' seem absolutely cohesive in comparison. Oh well. It's still totally listenable and likeable."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"Flowers, a collection of mystical-seeming noise collages, absurdist dirges, and Pavement soundalikes, is as listenable as it is difficult to pin down."
Pitchfork,60,"He and his mercenaries swing cleverly from noodly instruments to introspective acoustic ditties, but never settle down long enough to let their concoction congeal. [Jul 2009, p.127]"
BBC Music,60,"Flowers is occasionally emotional, but really, Kinsella is all about an off-the-cuff approach. [Jul 2009, p.90]"
AllMusic,60,"There are actually some great moments in this jumbled incoherent mess. The problem is that Kinsellas had ample time to convince me that his post-Capn Jazz stuff is somehow better, more-relevant, or even worthy of my time."
Under The Radar,50,"While any change from that tired normality is appreciated, its disappointing that so much of this is mediocre, that so much of this imitative, that so much of this is overblown, and etc."
NOW Magazine,40,"The ephemeral instrumetal tracks are less bothersome this time out but don't keep the band's tenth effort from eventually toppling over. [Summer 2009, p.66]"

Mojo,80,"Here and Now is good enough that you can't help but wish Holsapple and Stamey cut another album before they start getting their Social Security checks."
musicOMH.com,75,"Still, for all the sophisticated, melodic pleasure to be found on Here and Now, a comfy old shoe of an album, one could be forgiven for occasionally wondering whether things might achieve just a touch more frisson if Holsapple and Stamey surrendered just a little to the temptations of that sharp-edged sound of yore."
Q Magazine,70,"Their first full-length collaboration since 1991's stellar 'Mavericks' is a beautiful set of grown-up pop, meshing Holsapple's emotional directness with Stamey's headier approach."
cokemachineglow,60,"While the disc is slowed by a few bouts of inconsistency, the foundation on which Holsapple and Stamey have long built their work (a tremendous sense of melody, almost familial harmonies) is ever-present here, suggesting that the pair remember what made them great, and that audiences will too."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Holsapple and Stamey cover a lot of ground on Here And Now, but the common element is the glorious melodies and natural harmonies that can only be borne out of decades of musical partnership. [Summer 2009, p.74]"
AllMusic,58,"The long-awaited hERE aND nOW falls victim to the pair's hokier tendencies."

BBC Music,70,"The Blackout thunder and squall through a batch of songs that deal with the usual topics of heartbreak, betrayal, isolation, and frustration with romance and society and have a familiar sound (sweetly sung vs. rabidly screamed vocals, heavy riffing, cavernous drums, and great walls of processed guitars), but generally have a fresh and vigorous feel that keeps things hopping throughout."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"This record sounds like Story Of The Year if they weree from the UK--energetic pop-hardcore that's ultimately a bit on the fogettable side. [Jul 2009, p.122]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,40,"Sticking to the formula followed by fellow Welsh emo posers Lostprophets and Funeral For A Friend, the generic metalcore verses and overblown choruses are all present and correct."
Urb,40,"Best In Town adheres to its authors' trademarked, if confused, formula of generic metalcore verses, gratingly incongruous pop choruses, borderline misogynistic lyrics and gags that presumably sounded far funnier in the studio. [Jun 2009, p.119]"

No Ripcord,90,"This is, therefore, a searing, no holds barred album, uncompromising in its delivery and unstinting in its musical language."
Austin Chronicle,80,"That sweet spot between the dancefloor and the moshpit is something that more and more electronic acts seem to be pursuing these days. Freeland shows he's still a vet of that particular tightrope."
Pitchfork,80,"Adam Freeland--the nuskool breaks vet who broke through in 2003 with 'We Want Your Soul'--dons a suit jacket and hires guns (Brody Dalle, the Pixies Joey Santiago, Tommy Lee) for the carefully concocted, pleasantly thumping Cope."
Uncut,70,"'Electronica that falls somewhere between rock and dance' is probably the best way to sum up Freeland's Cope."
Under The Radar,70,"As on many valiant attempts by electronic artists to cross over, there's too much going on. But Cope succeeds in creating an overall sense of unrest and some moments of electro-transcendence."
Dusted Magazine,70,"When it works its potent enough to rival his 2003 breakbeat opus We Want Your Soul. When it doesnt, such as on opener Do You! and the turgid Best Fish Tacos In Ensenada (every bit as lame as its title suggests), it sounds like the kind of crap that gets played early on at Reflex on student night."

PopMatters,90,"While The Loud Wars is overflowing with extremely impressive musicianship, creative time shifts, and interesting instrumentation, it also has an inviting pop sensibility. [Jun 2009, p.99]"
BBC Music,70,"The latest album from St Louis, Illinois, quartet So Many Dynamos is definitely a keeper."
Drowned In Sound,65,"If you dont mind the lack of edge or grunginess--which is to say, if you like your danger safe--bring extra artillery. You could spend serious time deconstructing this album."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"There are memorable riffs and lyrics throughout this album, but nearly all of the vocal melodies fall curiously flat. This cuts down a lot on the catchiness of the songs and makes the whole package slightly less memorable."
Delusions of Adequacy,55,"When I take The Loud Wars as a justifiably forgotten but enjoyable enough record from a bygone era, I'm soothed; it's a little better than, oh, Fake French or something, and I'm sure as hell not going to dig around to find that one with this thing floating around."

Mojo,91,"The Horses Has debut album, Of The Cathmawr Yards, blends Elkington and Beans voices and sensibilities together seamlessly on a set of songs that relies heavily on intricate acoustic guitar plucking, dreamy violin, and a gently melancholy air."
Under The Radar,80,"Of the Cathmawr Yards is a weird album, but sometimes weird is exactly right. That's the case here."
cokemachineglow,70,"Its a comfort record really, sincere in intention and almost flawless in execution."
Pitchfork,68,"Catamawr Yards, then, gets better as it gets more adventurous, and it gets more adventurous as it leans more on that backing band."
AllMusic,60,"Ellington and Beans voices braid pleasant timbres that sound quite right sailing over the bands strum and shuffle, but theyre curiously lacking in the chemistry that separates necessary from nice."
PopMatters,58,"The best the band could do is take this folk stance and make it somehow relatable to the sort of listeners like those in Chicago, blessed as they are with one of the most storied and diverse stocks of bands in the country. What Of the Cathmawr Yards ends up instead is a cold catalogue of personal taste and increasingly diminishing scope."
Q Magazine,50,"Of the Cathmawr Yards is Ambien-fueled folk that never rises above room temperature, well-crafted yet lacking in passion and vitality."
AllMusic,40,"Jim Elkington, of The Zincs, and Janet Bean, of Freakwater, have here borrowed some of the languor, but little of the heartache of their other projects. [Summer 2009, p.74]"

Entertainment Weekly,80,"Co-produced by Andy Johns (Van Halen), the set captures the fun energy of a mind-blowing all-star jam: Satriani's fretwork is surprisingly raw, loose and gritty, while Smith channels John Bonham more than once."
BBC Music,60,"The resulting album is, as expected, old school chest-beating man-size heavy rock. [Jul 2009, p.104]"
Q Magazine,60,"Surprisingly, though, it's all a damn sight better than Velvet Revolver. [Sep 2009, p.81]"
Drowned In Sound,58,"'Avenida Revolution,' which concerns the Tijuana drug wars, is a tiresome slice of sub-Metallica rock. But more upbeat tracks like 'Sexy Little Thing' boast the kind of party-happy groove you might expect from a band whose frontman is almost as famous for ?tequila as music."
NOW Magazine,40,"All this means is that Chickenfoot's big picture is roughly in place but the pieces don't quite fit, but that doesn't stop the group from trying to force it, with Sammy sounding as awkward singing about south-of-the-border drug runners as Satriani does spinning off complicated riffs on party rockers."

Pitchfork,88,"In Preliminaires, the Stooge King has put together a perfect soundtrack for a short, doomy stay in the Hotel Lautramont."
AllMusic,80,"Only on Nice To Be Dead does he veer into heavy guitar territory, but it fits seamlessly into the mix, making for not just his strangest set in years, but also his best."
Dusted Magazine,80,"This may be his best album since 1977's 'Lust for Life.'"
Prefix Magazine,80,"Risky though it may have seen (in terms of both taste and talent), this is a great record."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Pop's understated delivery draws even the most skeptical of listeners in, bathing his hushed voice in beds of stark piano and tremolo-washed guitar."
PopMatters,80,"Ragged glories from punk's oddball."
XLR8r,80,"Forty years after The Stooges' debut album, Iggy Pop is still heading blindly into the unknown. [Jul 2009, p.116]"
AllMusic,75,"Its an album of curveballs, and while not every track finds its zone, its still a pleasure to hear Pop turn disgust into inspiration."
BBC Music,70,"As always, Pop's lyrics are not something you want to spend too much time focusing on, but separated from the dumb strut of rehashed cock rock, they settle nicely into an eerie landscape of dread and malaise."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"After the novelty wears off, the keeper is his typically blunt 'Nice to Be Dead'--'Its nice to be underground/Free of the ugly sounds of life'--which happens to be the albums one electric-guitar rocker."
Alternative Press,70,"Where 'Avenue B' was a pretentious mess, Preliminaires is flawed but significantly more successful."
PopMatters,70,"For all its talk of death, this album feels like a rebirth."
Drowned In Sound,70,"It is unusual for sure, but this is the beauty of Preliminaries. [Summer 2009, p.68]"
Urb,67,"Pop has crafted a stylistically variegated and broody meditation on mortality, a soundtrack for the ossuary, a lovely lust for death."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"This odd and occasionally lovely concoction might just redeem Iggy from that insurance ignominy."
Pitchfork,60,"The results feel tossed-off at times, but Iggy still flashes his charm and humor."
cokemachineglow,60,"At 36 minutes, Preliminaires is slight and covers-heavy, but points to a promising new career phase for Iggy as Detroits answer to Serge."
Pitchfork,60,"Prliminaires applies an interesting--if not wholly successful--Aznavour twist to Iggys latter-day repertoire."
PopMatters,60,"The album has its moments, but you really couldn't call it the main event. [Jun 2009, p.99]"
Under The Radar,60,"Fans of Iggy Pop would do well to give Preliminaires a spin, since it showcases a side of the artist not readily visible in his other work."
Dusted Magazine,54,"By being boring on purpose, Iggy ironically proves himself oddly more compelling than on his many past accidents. If it's not an album for the ages so much as for the aged, at least it's one you may want to hold on to a bit and give another shot when you get closer to where Iggy's at himself right now."
Los Angeles Times,50,"Although Prliminaires has some effective moments, it comes off as an underdeveloped exercise that needs refinement."
Uncut,50,"Despite some uproariously bad crooning (in both French and English), this isn't always as terrible as it is crazy."
AllMusic,40,"This may be a more suitable album for a man of Iggys age to put out than his last, but that doesnt make it a better one. Indeed the idea of an inoffensive Iggy Pop album seems itself almost offensive."
PopMatters,40,"It could have worked, but the dated production style bogs it down."
Q Magazine,40,"Less a jazz album than an eclectic selection, Preliminaires is inconsistent and demonstrates Pops reluctance to deviate completely from his safety zone."
Under The Radar,25,"Iggy sings ballads. In French. With clarinet solos. He also dabbles in Dixieland jazz, spoken word, and chilled electro-lounge music on his 15th solo album. If that sounds hideous, or hilarious, it's actually a little bit of both."

Paste Magazine,90,"What makes Big Whiskey & the GrooGrux King the Dave Matthews Band's richest, and quite possibly best, album is the implicit message that all the love and loss can be felt and shared through the music, that the creation of the music itself is the reason why they're here--and that's not just a moving tribute to LeRoi Moore, it's a reason for the band to keep moving on."
No Ripcord,80,"Big Whiskey, though, is a lot like a New Orleans funeral parade--mourning and zest balled into big, brawny music."
Austin Chronicle,80,"This eulogy is a celebration, and Big Whiskey is a dense, humid album that, befitting its New Orleans origins, shrewdly cuts its melancholy with exuberance and vice versa."
PopMatters,80,"Matthews finds a skillful balance in his lyrics between off-handed whimsy and deeper reflections, and the others back him with a tighter version of the instrumental interplay that has made them one of the most popular American bands of the past 15 years."
Delusions of Adequacy,75,"Throughout, the spectre of death rarely recedes, but life--embodied by the proto-DMB revelry of 'Why I Am'--still prevails."
Pitchfork,75,"Producer Rob Cavallo, known for sharpening the teeth of Green Day and Avril Lavigne, among others, encouraged Matthews and his colleagues to turn up the juice and make some sharp turns. The shambolic groove that's long been the band's trademark remains, but it's toughened up by foregrounded electric guitars."
AllMusic,70,"A fond, funky farewell."
Dusted Magazine,65,"While the band takes some sonic risks and shows continued versatility on songs like 'Alligator Pie (Cockadile),' the album is saddled with some of the same leaden production values that have dogged the latter half of the bands recorded career."
Under The Radar,60,"Given the musically versatile, vaunted band behind it, Big Whiskey, for all its stylistic reach and array of textures, is frequently beset with a curious bout of blandness."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Although every other verse here is filled by paradiddles, polyrhythms and wilfully complex time signatures, DMB's ear for a tune at least provides us with some fine choruses. [Jul 2009, p.94]"
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"This record will quicken the pulse of no one, but then chin-stroking does require a certain musical mellowness. [Jul 2009, p.127]"
BBC Music,50,"Produced by Rob Cavallo, Big Whiskey is a step back toward the more polished sound DMB explored on 2001's divisive 'Everyday'--that is to say, a step away from the 2005's return-to-form 'Stand Up.'"
Clash Music,50,"As a lyricist, Matthews prospers when hes being boyish and mischievous, but his earnest bits are mostly unbearable, and Big Whiskey, in keeping with much of the bands recent output, plays like one big scented candle."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"Steady as she goes on AOR eighth outing."
Uncut,40,"Too often they sound like Sting fronting Counting Crows. [Jul 2009, p.93]"

Pitchfork,100,"New Again feels focused and sure; the band sounds confident despite yet another lineup change."
Rock Sound,91,"On New Again, the emo survivors manage to reinvent themselves as mainstreamo shredders."
Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"New Again leaps forward as the best album of Taking Back Sunday's career to date."
musicOMH.com,80,"They have produced another solid album that cements their reputation as one of the most genuinely affecting and consistent bands in the current scene."
Q Magazine,80,"The group may still rely on catchy vocal refrains, but the growth of Lazzara's songwriting has made its fourth effort a brisk, enjoyable outing."
AllMusic,80,"The result is an impressive but super slick collection of post-hardcore floor-fillers that's increasingly more 'post' than 'hardcore.' [Jul 2009, p.117]"
The Guardian,70,"Such obvious imitation [of U2] isnt good strategy; it diminishes well-made songs. Taking Back Sunday is better off merging its old blurted troubles with its new attention to detail."
Q Magazine,70,"This large, cavernous sound camouflages the lingering emo elements which largely surface in the angst-mining lyrics, as well as the occasional bellow, and even if this lack of stridency may alienate some longtime followers, this gleaming pop-punk makeover is the band at its most immediate and easy to enjoy."
BBC Music,50,"Frontman Adam Lazzara's temper tantrums sound more sore- than full-throated, but they still freeze blood for short stretches, while the revolving choruses are as enormous and polished as Boeings."
musicOMH.com,50,"The song's arena-ready polish extends throughout New Again, but it doesn't stave off the forced melodrama of songs like the angsty 'Lonely, Lonely.'"
New Musical Express (NME),50,"Emo pin-ups milk last moments of glory"

Uncut,80,"Lean and timeless sounding, it's also as truthful as Everett's sobering autobiography, Things The Grandchildren Should Know. [Jun 2009, p.104]"
musicOMH.com,80,"The garage rock is fun, but the mesmeric admissions of loneliness and failings make this one to return to."
No Ripcord,80,"Its Es lyrics that are the true, bitter joy of this record, sacrificing nothing of their wit in pursuit of heartbreaking, heartbroken directness."
The A.V. Club,80,"This is a beautifully crafted, stripped-down recording, showcasing once more that E uses searing honesty and a canny sense of pop, rock, blues, and everything else to chronicle his own strange path through life and its labyrinth."
Drowned In Sound,80,"What truly counts here is persona and with E casting himself as dog in heat, eager to reach a scratch that he just can't itch, the end result is yet another facet to a continually engaging and truly unique artist."
XLR8r,80,"The theme is relatable, and relevant because it encompasses more than that one side of desire we all expect to hear about. This exploration and focus is what held together Eels 1998 masterwork, 'Electro-Shock Blues.' It does the same here."
BBC Music,80,"Hombre Lobo: 12 Songs of Desire is another record that hones and refines what it means to be Eels. Mark Oliver Everett continues his daring and heart-baring, and we continue to be the better for it."
Clash Music,70,"The album somewhat loses its steam halfway through, only because the flow starts to feel too predictable."
Mojo,70,"Everett's songwriting hasn't always kept pace with his musical and literary ambitions. But these tales of frustrated desire are vividly sketched, with the Eels delivering muddy roadhouse rockers."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"It's hard not to wish that there were more remnants of his earlier studio-nerd genius; there's the twist-beat and buzz-bass of 'Lilac Breeze' and the plod of 'Tremendous Dynamite,' but there's no build to them."
Sputnikmusic,70,"This emotional rollercoaster of an album has a few cleverly disguised cliches similar to 'emotional rollercoaster' embedded in the music and lyrics."
Dusted Magazine,70,"The sound is deliberately barren. The guitars never quite fill the space, and the drumming (credited to Knuckles) often has the mechanized indifference of drum-machine tracks."
Pitchfork,70,"Each track contains elements that sound similar in combinations of tone, texture and melody from previous records, so this album is not necessarily a knockout. However, the bands artistic hybrid is delivered with a fervent honesty and steeped in an emotional intensity that may make it sound a lot like other Eels material."
AllMusic,70,"This record is still pure E--invigorating in its obsession, desperation, vulnerability, and brilliance. [Summer 2009, p.65]"
Q Magazine,60,"The gentler E distances himself from his lycanthropic alter ego, searching for Ms. Right backed by a familiar arsenal of winsome melodies and elegant string arrangements."
Uncut,60,"Theres nothing on Hombre Lobo (Spanish for werewolf) that couldnt be constructed by breaking down the DNA of the previous six Eels albums and repiling the strands up in some melodically fresh but warmly recognisable way."
Alternative Press,58,"Hombre works best when it fully embraces its titular beast: 'Fresh Blood' finds excitement in a brooding groove, and rattles when Everett literally howls. Unfortunately, those are exceptions: The rest of the album just isnt cohesive enough to entice much repeated listening."
NOW Magazine,55,"Theres something oddly sweet about how completely out of step Eels are with trends and genres, something nourishing about how secluded their music has become. Shame, then, that it must necessarily also be so exclusive."
Austin Chronicle,50,"Hombre Lobo is much more effective when Everett keeps things one-dimensional, as in 'Tremendous Dynamite,' a deliciously fuzzy blues-punk rave-up in which he describes being 'on the prowl for a restless night,' and 'Beginner's Luck,' a jubilant ode to the boundlessness of new love."
The A.V. Club,46,"It would be too easy to dog Hombre Lobo as a case where going back to the well leads to diminishing returns, but the problem is just that Hombre Lobo is too easy."
Pitchfork,40,"Though doubtful it was crafted for such a purpose, Eels's latest is simply not much beyond a forgettable earful for a lazy Sunday listen."

PopMatters,100,"This exhaustive project is the most impressive retro-fest of recordings, photographs, video footage and digiti sed memorabilia ever assembled."
Tiny Mix Tapes,100,"Theres more, too much more, to come, but for now, Volume One will do just fine."
Billboard.com,100,"The much richer sound on these formats spins songs recorded as many as 40-plus years ago eerily into the moment. Its as if youre listening at the exact instant of recording, making the music as personal as a direct memory."
Uncut,100,"The sound is excellent, especially considering the age and the state of technology of some of the recordings. The songs, too, are invariably excellent. [Jul 2009, p.111]"
Mojo,100,"Shakeys long awaited archives box set."
Q Magazine,91,"If Archives is ultimately less of a career-redefiner than Decade, thats only because Youngs become such an entrenched part of rock history that his career has been exhaustively picked-over. Aside from the heretofore under-explored surf influence, there are really only a few new connections made or questions raised with Archives."
Rolling Stone,90,"Not only was the wait worth it, Archives feels like it was 20 years in the making. It's an extraordinary work that redefines what an autobiography can be."
No Ripcord,90,"It's built for fanatics, yet the goods could make a fanatic out of anyone."
Austin Chronicle,83,"An impressive package, but fans will be paying big bucks for a lot of stuff they already own."
Drowned In Sound,80,"This critic is prepared to believe that the fact he found the menus slightly counterintuitive points to deficiencies on his own part, but suffice to say that at least one Neil Young fan--temporarily unable to navigate away from one of the on-stage 'raps' provided as 'audio bonuses' and gripped by the fear that he was going to spend the rest of his life listening to Neil Young saying 'ummm...ahhhhhh ... wrote this sahwng...ummmm...my house'--found himself howling for the luddite comforts of a CD box set with a nicely illustrated booklet."
musicOMH.com,80,"Vol. 1 is long on quality, variety and versatility, whatever format you choose. [Aug 2009, p.114]"
BBC Music,70,"Certainly Archives' first volume contains enough audio and visual stimuli to keep a Neil Young fan busy till the next edition arrives (presumably) in 2029."
Delusions of Adequacy,35,"Billed as something of a multimedia breakthrough, the 10 discs here present good--and often great--music paired with sub-standard video content. Unreleased tracks? Theyre here, although in disappointing quantity and quality."

NOW Magazine,80,"Sometimes observing that a band keeps making the same record is an insult. Not so with Rancid--and not when the records are this good."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"With this exceptional comeback album, Rancid back up that boast [We got it right, you got it wrong, were still around, Armstrong proclaims on Dominoes key single, Last One to Die.] in spades and prove they are the only punk band of their generation who still matters--regardless of their age."
Mojo,80,"By making a record that solely lives up to the standards they've set themselves, Rancid have maintained their dedication to the punk ethos with a resonance that will shine longer than the dozen rewrites of 'Ruby Soho' some fans want from them. [Jul 2009, p.121]"
Hot Press,80,"Seven albums in, not much has changed for Rancid, and that's a good thing."
Clash Music,80,"Rancid's strength is singer Tim Armstrong's touching depictions of the world; from his heritage on 'East Bay Night' to swimming through the devastation of hurricane-stricken New Orleans and on his brother's time in Iraq on the acoustic 'Civilain Ways.'"
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Rancid's been doing this a long time and while they'll never recapture the exact same power and glory they exuded in the '90s', on Let the Dominos Fall they show they've got more than enough of each to get by in grand style."
The Guardian,70,"The sunny brutalism of Rancid's East Bay ska-thrash has lost nary a step and their ethical-emotional rigor is as sweet as it is pure."
Uncut,70,"Rancid sat out most of the Bush years, and they make up for lost time here, decrying corporate greed and the Iraq War in rave-ups."
Slant Magazine,67,"This is a record meant to sound good and feel good, though its unlikely to stir many passionate feelings, for or against it."
Under The Radar,60,"This album, the bands seventh, feels familiar in structure, packed with the usual two-minute bursts of aggression. But its improbably weighty and ponderous and unusually slow moving for a band that specializes in gnashing."
Q Magazine,60,"Thier latest dusts off their usual blend of late-'70s Clash-styled punk, ska and dub reggae, but applies topspin via 'Civilian Ways,' a bluesy folk exercise inspired by the return of Armstrong's brother from Iraq. [Sep 2009, p.92]"
Dusted Magazine,40,"They appear to be sincere in their sloganeering so youve got to admire them, but, really, the message of a song like New Orleans gets seriously undermined by the shiny Busted balloon its caught inside."

Pitchfork,80,"While not every song is a rousing success, Blood feels fresh and alive--and underscores that Franz Ferdinand should take chances like this more often."
Paste Magazine,70,"If you were merely whelmed by FFs anaemic third, then this album of dub versions could be the infusion youre looking for."
AllMusic,70,"The album only falls short here and there. [Summer 2009, p.72]"
musicOMH.com,64,"Franz's music is usually as crisp and tight as its constructivist cover art, and though reformatted, stretched out, and slowed down on Blood, it still maintains a strong pulse."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"The going is initially uncertain, but by 'Turn It On,' space and size begin to shift and singer Alex Kapranos shimmers in and out of the mix. [Jul 2009, p.106]"
Filter,60,"If you liked Franz Ferdinand's last album, Tonight: Franz Ferdinand, but thought it was missing something--perhaps a futuristic, stoner-friendly electro vibe?--you're in luck."
Clash Music,60,"More than just rote electro workouts, Carey successfully transforms 'Can't Stop Feeling' and 'Turn It On' into rich, dubby bleepfests. More of this invention on the album proper wouldn't have gone amiss. [Jul 2009, p.88]"
Drowned In Sound,50,"Franz Ferdinand attempt to put some dub in the music and end up with (re)mixed results."
Prefix Magazine,50,"Really, the only audience for Blood is the utter completist whos going to need Be Afraid or the latecoming devotee who missed out on Blood as a pack-in with Tonight."
BBC Music,40,"Certainly the reverb/echo-drenched deconstructions of 'No You Girls' and 'Ulysses' pack a punch, but elsewhere it feels merely like an exercise in bolstering beats, amping basslines, then adding some beeps and FX. Pointless, really. [Jul 2009, p.122]"

Pitchfork,80,"Crossing the Rubicon is the sound of a band reaching their potential as artists and it's very satisfying to see and, more importantly, to hear."
Under The Radar,80,"This is a well-rounded album that is as artistically rich as it is sonically pleasing. The Sounds are going to be around for awhile."
Uncut,60,"The serious tone is a natural progression for the Sounds but Rubicon's downfall is that it's songs don't linger much after the music stops. [Jul 2009, p.128]"
Q Magazine,60,"Front-loaded with buzzy riffs and cutting vocals, the third studio album from this Swedish band is bracingly ambitious, clearly designed to be heard in arenas and stadiums."
Tiny Mix Tapes,50,"Ultimately, The Sounds probably won't change your world, but they sure can be fun to dance to."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),40,"A few choruses stick, and 'No One Sleeps When I'm Awake' sounds like a solid Heart cover. But the rest? What's Swedish for 'meh'?"
Entertainment Weekly,40,"The Sounds, sadly, are fatally pledged to sincerity in its most ponderous and uninspired form."
The A.V. Club,37,"This is a decently crafted, moderately hooky, fairly vacuous power-pop album, and under the right light, you could do a whole lot worse."

Chicago Tribune,80,"This one leaves its generational competition in the dust and is wise beyond this songwriter's years, and to be frank, leaves his own previous identity as simply a bedroom balladeer to history."
Filter,80,"By growing a personality, he's conjured up a low-key gem and a minor revelation. [Jul 2009, p.119]"
Billboard.com,70,"At times, there's a lack of consistency with too many ideas thrown onto the table, but it's that diversity heard throughout Nutini's sophomore effort that gives this AC singer/songwriter a leg up."
AllMusic,60,"On his second album, he has taken a chance by steering away from the declawed R&B that got him filed alongside fellow pretty boy James Morrison, and gives reggae and Celtic folk a whirl. It's not bad."
PopMatters,60,"The gravel voice and self-penned songs are distinctive, and though he's not beyond over-emoting, this stakes claim on a wide territory in a bold manner. [Jul 2009, p.95]"
NOW Magazine,50,"What the Paisley born artist has come up with on Sunny Side Up is baffling."
Uncut,50,"Several of the songs seem embryonic, lacking direction and resolution, while Nutini's voice--as stevedore-gruff as Blunt's is officer-class posh--can be a deal-breaker on certain songs"
Mojo,40,"All passable fare. [Jul 2009, p.92]"

Paste Magazine,80,"What makes the live performances of Grace Around the World so worthwhile is the fact he never sang any one song the same way twice."
The New York Times,80,"All three discs come together with fun, scrapbook-like packaging to pull off that rare reissue home run--when a boxed set functions as a perfect introduction for newcomers and a worthy addition to any devotee's collection."
Rolling Stone,80,"Grace only had 10 songs, and though it seems tiresome to sit through multiple live versions of 'So Real,' the title song, 'Hallelujah' et al, it's not. [Aug 2009, p.118]"
Under The Radar,70,"It captures him as a working musician, pushing his first album hard, trying to get his name and music known, not caring about anything outside of the moment--all things that offer a potent, stirring reminder of Buckley's power and grace."
Slant Magazine,70,"Any addition to his tiny catalog is notable. But this live DVD/CD set is more than barrel scrapings."
Dot Music,60,"With the plethora of posthumous Buckley releases, one might think this another attempt to market a legacy. But none could argue Buckley's strength as a live performer, and the tracks here are fine documents. [Summer 2009, p.71]"
Q Magazine,35,"While the whole package is marketed as a 'love letter' to fans, true followers will quickly be able to sniff out its inferiorities. If anything, this latest selection from the dwindling Buckley vaults subverts his talents and ultimately insults the same hardcore fans it's aimed at."

Pitchfork,100,"Veckatimest offers more than just an inventive exercise in collage: Its like hearing the past few centuries of music playing in symphony, which sounds--thrillingly and reassuringly--like the future."
New Musical Express (NME),100,"Theres absolutely nothing wrong with this album and on the contrary, Grizzly Bear has clearly made the years best album."
The A.V. Club,93,"An Album this deep-hearted and digestible call out for mass-consumption. And the more people who hear this record, the better. [Spring 2009, p.90]"
Rock Sound,91,"Underneath the orchestral flourishes and childrens choirs, beneath even the frequent textural shifts and melodic detours, are a set of melodies that find new ways to cut straight to the listener every time."
Q Magazine,90,"Ambitious yet restrained, elegant yet exciting, Veckatimest is an endlessly-rewarding album which seems destined to vie with Animal Collective's Merriweather Post Pavilion for the title of the year's best."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),90,"This is a superb record, a spirted illustration of sepia-tinged Americana that feels linked inextricably with Animal Collective's 'Merriweather Post Pavillion' as one of the not only most hyped, but also finest records of 2009. [Spring 2009, p.66]"
Billboard.com,90,"Really, in a world far too concerned with backstories and far too lacking in good old dedication to craft, Grizzly Bear's just about as boring as they come: four guys who very quietly set out to make a fantastic record. And so they did."
Alternative Press,90,"All bets arent necessarily off in terms of whether or not Grizzly Bear have hit their plateau--recall that we did this with 'Yellow House' in 2006; oops--but its hard to imagine them giving us more to enjoy in one sweeping statement than they have here."
Spin,90,"Really, the only fault of this record is that its most arrestingly beautiful minute is its final one: everything that comes before, however brilliant it is at the time, pales once that choir swells, just for a few too-fleeting seconds."
Prefix Magazine,90,"It plainly improves Grizzly Bears sound, and lends itself well to multiple spins, because each repeated listen reveals another perfectly crafted shard you missed on the last go-round."
Sputnikmusic,90,"Veckatimest works like a cash-back bonus, the more you give in to it, the grander the return."
PopMatters,90,"This one is probably the closest rival to Merriweather Post Pavilion weve heard this year."
Rolling Stone,90,"Combine some of the best pipes in the game with Grizzly Bear's newfound comfort in executing the grand & epic, and you've got Veckatimest; a total triumph that threatens to dwarf their own previous 'House.'"
Los Angeles Times,88,"A feast for repeated listening, Veckatimest yields the kind of eccentricities a fan can spend months winding and unwinding."
Hot Press,86,"Its a sophisticated work, delicately and meticulously crafted, and its effete pleasantness lends itself as well to 'Late Night' performances as 'New Yorker' coverage."
Delusions of Adequacy,85,"While Veckatimest contains just over fifty-two minutes of some exceptional music, it lacks one critical component that's essential to any form of art: emotion."
Los Angeles Times,83,"If the second half brings diminishing returns, it's still more than worth the trip."
musicOMH.com,80,"The album dips and tips and ultimately soars as a result, Rossen and company having turned near-disaster into sonic triumph."
Uncut,80,"Even as they feature orchestras, women's choirs, and Beach House singer Victoria Legrand on Veckatimest, the album is still an intimate, ascetic affair."
Mojo,80,"While Im not sure Veckatimest is the huge improvement on Yellow House that some blogs claim it to be, its unquestionably a lovely record and it deserves to be heard on land, sea, indoors and out."
No Ripcord,80,"Veckatimest's only down side is a touch of preciousness, a need for refinement that, unchecked, might nudge Grizzly Bear towards the polite rather than imaginative. It's a small quibble. For now, this is almost perfect."
Pitchfork,80,"The musical emphasis subtly shifts, from track to track and within tracks to create something that feels rather greater than the sum of its parts."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"For those patient enough to wait for this record to relinquish its quiet delights, the treasures waiting to be discovered it are rich indeed."
Boston Globe,80,"It's clear that Veckatimest was made for a lot of listening. Nearly every song feels like the musical equivalent of a big meal: there's lots to digest, and coming back for second (and thirds, and more) is necessary."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Even the songs that seem simple have greater depth than is at first apparent, and the band's skill at crafting complex music in an increasingly accessible way makes Veckatimest a rich listen."
The New York Times,80,"It's a beautiful piece of work. [June 2009]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"This back and forth continues throughout the album and makes for a satisfying mix of clarity and perplexity. In the indie rock game, Grizzly Bears expansive scope is unmatched."
Dot Music,80,"Easily the band's most engrossing and dense album yet, Veckatimest subsumes the listener in dreamy washes of colliding instrumentation and symphonic crescendos."
Sputnikmusic,80,"With such songs as 'Southern Point,' which builds from shuffling, folk-jazz grooves into a squelchy, winding fairytale, breathtaking piano-pop anthem 'Two Weeks' and the towering drama of 'I Live with You,' we join the consensus: this is a record to swoon over."
Under The Radar,80,"The Brooklyn quartet Grizzly Bear has earned a reputation for dense sonic buildups and gorgeous harmonies, and the group's third album 'Veckatimest' excels on both accounts."
Prefix Magazine,78,"Grizzly Bear did what's often impossible for lesser acts: shrugged off the overheated tongues of the Internet, refined its sound, and put out a solid disc."
Paste Magazine,70,"Already a front-runner for 2009's most gushed-over art-rock record, the third disc from this Brooklyn quartet has a sound that is completely its own."
cokemachineglow,60,"On Veckatimest, by contrast, the experimentation can go over the top: the additional arrangements may not add much aside from being one more thing to admire. And, paradoxically, doing that moves some songs out of the avant-garde and squarely into the middle of the road."
Filter,60,"The result is a piece of art that had too much pressure ascribed to it, that found its creators trying too hard to make a masterpiece when they could have followed a more natural progression."
Billboard.com,60,"Awesome in scope and execution, it's an album that's ultimately easier to admire than it is to love. [Jun 2009, p.108]"
BBC Music,58,"Their skilled playing remains modest enough, but on this subtler and more pretentious material, the skills predominate, and just in case they don't, let's add a string quartet here and real choirboys there."

Tiny Mix Tapes,100,"Though the album trips lightly from slinky roller-skate jams ('Fences') to near Brit-rocky rave-ups ('Lasso'), the underlying vibe is both retro and somehow outside of time--like a memory made sweeter than the real thing it recalls."
Spin,100,"Laced throughout all of it are generous, wide-eyed melodies of a kind that makes for swooning sighs and curious feelings of instant nostalgia."
The Guardian,90,"Whilst Wolfgang Amadeus... is clunker-free, with high points from start to finish, allow me to abandon my critical faculties and gush about 'Love Like a Sunset Part 1', as this instrumental is by far the most incredible moment of the album and also quite possibly the best thing they've ever done."
New Musical Express (NME),88,"Phoenix deal with an American genre on its own terms--and in its own language--far better than most homegrown bands."
NOW Magazine,85,"They're pleasure-pushers, filling tunes with riffs, phrases, and beats a five-year-old could love. But, on Wolfgang, those same songs are unfulfilled--and this band wouldn't have it any other way. There's beauty in a sunset. Phoenix are wringing it out."
Q Magazine,84,"Its an approximation of what perfection might mean, which is: precise, lean, deliberate. Theres not a wasted moment here, and not one moment overstays its welcome, which from a bunch of aristocrats (I get) is pretty frickin rich."
Austin Chronicle,84,"Just as you're really gearing up for a night on the town with Wolfgang Amadeus Phoenix as your sidekick, it ends abruptly. There's only one remedy: Play it again. And Again, And again. [Spring 2009, p.94]"
The A.V. Club,80,"Wolfgang Amadeus Phoenix is a slender, fat-free affair, all Gallic swerve and subtle swagger. This may well be the album to broaden their fan-base wider then the fashionable glitterati."
AllMusic,80,"The real star of the show isnt the often-bloodless figure of Thomas Mars, its the brilliantly detailed production, centred around the dovetailing drum and guitar chops, best heard via headphones for the full stroboscopic effect."
Rolling Stone,80,"Beyond containing the band's best, most efficient songwriting, the album also stands apart from the first three studio albums by projecting a cool punch that is unforced."
Lost At Sea,80,"Thomas Mars sings with a casual amiability so hard to resist that it helps carry Phoenix through some of the less immediate material on the album's back half."
Chicago Tribune,80,"It doesnt hurt that theyve made their most pleasing record yet. Its slick but not stupid, the results of a traditional rock band working closely with a producer of electronic music, one which merges the clean lines of dance music with the grandeur of a crack studio band well-heeled in 70s pop and 90s indie rock."
Sputnikmusic,80,"The band plainly rocks and on Wolfgang Amadeus Phoenix they have perfectly translated that ability onto their proper recorded output--for better or worse."
PopMatters,80,"The 10 songs are sleek and clean, as if the Strokes had kept pushing a little longer and maybe bought some old disco records."
Slant Magazine,80,"With Wolfgang, theyve finally come into their own, releasing the strongest disc of their career without compromising a thing."
The A.V. Club,80,"Wolfgang Amadeus Phoenix showcases a band that has only gotten better with each album."
PopMatters,80,"Aside from the incredible sonics though, Phoenix's real triumph here is successfully contorting the songs into ever more elaborate and unconventional arrangements without losing any of their classy pop impact."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"The group has polished its '60s-rock-revivalist sound to near perfection, but keeps expanding its aural palette, experimenting with layered rhythms and sonic textures."
Filter,80,"Very few dance albums are, and in the end, thats what Phoenix created--a dance album, possibly the most enjoyable one since 'Oracular Spectacular.'"
Paste Magazine,80,"Phoenix doesnt need to be groundbreaking to reward us with a joyous, endlessly fun album that should sit comfortably in the top 10 on everybodys list."
Prefix Magazine,80,"It may be oversimplifying to invoke the spirit of Radiohead, but this could be Phoenix's 'Ok Computer' and 'Kid A' rolled into one. [Jun 2009, p.130]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"Essentially, the record finds Phoenix doing what they do supremely well  danceable indie-pop with touches of shoegaze guitar and ambient electro."
Spin,80,"Wolfgang Amadeus Phoenix is an absolute blast, rich in ringing guitar and euphoric synths but thankfully light on fromage and staid rehashes. [Jul 2009, p.130]"
No Ripcord,80,"These Varsailles dwellers make records that initially seem like delicately generic powerpop, but gradually emerge as vivid, bittersweet epiphanies. [Jun 2009, p.99]"
Rolling Stone,78,"The album's lyrics dont always make sense, but then again, English isnt their first language, and words arent the point here, the danceable beats and moody ambience are."
Pitchfork,78,"The bottom falls out of Wolfie's second half --'Rome' declines, 'Countdown' never reaches orbit, and 'Girlfriend,' no--but closer 'Armistice' beats fresh out of the dryer on golden Versailles pogo. Merveilleux!"
musicOMH.com,70,"These arch Frenchmen make precision-tooled pop that somehow retains a sense of urgency and playfulness--an impressive balancing act consistently slam-dunked by effortlessly ingratiating choruses."
Slant Magazine,63,"Wolfgang Amadeus Phoenix, a truly marvelous album title if ever there was one, is danceable but only a little disco, synth-driven but clubland averse, an easy record to like but a more difficult one to love."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"This is sexier than it should be by rights."
Under The Radar,60,"It's a wide-ranging, covers-all-its-bases album and, like their last release, it's arrived just in time for summer. [Spring 2009, p.67]"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"Everything sounds precise and almost wilfully sterile, as if the whole thing were played by someone wearing rubber gloves."
AllMusic,60,"That Wolfgang positions Phoenix as a slightly hipper alternative to the Killers may finally break the band to a wide international audience, but it ultimately draws attention to how quickly trends shift in contemporary rock and how difficult it can be for even the most progressive bands to sustain their relevance."
Alternative Press,60,"There was potential for so much more. [Jun 2009, p.98]"

Billboard.com,80,"Assuming they havent all grown up by now, Manson fans will adore every dark, juvenile flourish. For the rest of us, The High End Of Low serves as a cautionary tale of artistic regression."
PopMatters,80,"While it's still easy to dismiss his shock tactics as puerile and insensitive (if you're gonna sing about someone 'pretty as a swastika,' they'd better be really ugly), he hasn't sounded this vital--and tuneful--since 'Mechanical Animals.'"
Sputnikmusic,75,"'High End' makes a deeper impression as a result of Mansons reunion with longtime guitarist-bassist Twiggy Ramirez; together with producers Sean Beavan and Chris Vrenna, they sculpted a sound both harder-hitting and more finely detailed than on any previous Marilyn Manson record."
Rolling Stone,70,"While most of the album is a fine return to form, there are a few sour spots that are worthy of an eye-roll or two."
Slant Magazine,60,"Manson the man at least seems re-energised here....The same cannot always be said for his band; their limp glam metal consistently threatens to undermine the performance. [Jul 2009, p.127]"
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),60,"This album marks the return of former bassist Twiggy Ramirez to the band, but as ever the Manson personality/persona towers over everything else, and his two or three musical ideas are repeated throughout the disc, with only a few exceptions."
The Boston Phoenix,58,"Musically, the new tunes mostly evoke warmed-over Nine Inch Nails crossed with mediocre '70s metal, and occasionally, the results can be fairly satisfying."
Alternative Press,50,"The best moments come in the ballads like the blues-tinged 'Four Rusted Horses.' In such songs Manson is almost endearing, just a big melancholy dude with face paint. It's a less glamourous job title than Anticrist Superstar, but these days it suits him better."
Delusions of Adequacy,40,"Perhaps the only interesting thing about Manson's latest record is the couple of anomalies hidden within."
Under The Radar,40,"While this isn't a bad album--and Manson diehards are likely to enjoy it quite a bit--there's the sense that it may be an unwanted one."
Mojo,20,"The Marilyn Manson blueprint holds fast, and all the familiar elements are here. The difference is that even Manson sounds unconvinced by his 'antichrist superstar' persona; maybe because his target demographic have grown up and moved on."

Drowned In Sound,83,"Amanda Leigh is much more fun, with twisty-turny melodies ('Merrimack River'); jazzy, Broadway-influenced arrangements ('Pocket Philosopher'); and one track that sounds--improbably enough--like Fragile-era Yes ('Song About Home')."
Austin Chronicle,70,"Everything about Amanda Leigh is just a shade too precise--the production too transparent, the singing too on the nose, the mood too subdued--to achieve the homespun quality Moore so cherishes, but a large part of Mandy's appeal is her good taste and her clean way with a song, something that is readily apparent and often winning on Amanda Leigh."
cokemachineglow,70,"Power-pop guru Mike Viola, of the Candy Butchers, is the album's producer and main co-writer, and the collection (recorded at Ducky Carlisle's Ice Station Zebra in Medford) is filled with his sweet, skewed melodies and smart, infectious choruses."
Filter,70,"Mandy Moore faces the same challenge any other singer-songwriter does: delivering songs that are consistently compelling.
Prefix Magazine,She does a decent job of it on Amanda Leigh."
Pitchfork,70,"Listeners are advised to ignore the authenticity issues and focus on Moore's catchy tunes and warm voice on Amanda Leigh."
AllMusic,70,"Moore's sincerity and her pleasant vocals bring a great deal of charm to the project as well, and that goes a long way toward overcoming production that is perhaps a bit too slick to recall the homespun appeal of her favorite records."
The A.V. Club,50,"Every subsequent song on Amanda Leigh, no matter the tempo or mood, offers a similar mishmash of pop sheen and anodyne country rock, with little to suggest a distinct artistic vision."

Uncut,90,"Dave Fridmann's grand production touches enhance BMSR's otherworldly aura, adding dazzling glaze to this fruity cake. [Jun 2009, p.108]"
Q Magazine,83,"Eating Us, the fourth album from the Pennsylvania synthedelic band, is arguably its most accessible yet: It tones down the mind-blowing distortion and plays up the groups melodic sense and danceable rhythms."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"A trippy marvel."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Perhaps unintentional by the authors of the music, BMSR triumph in crafting a nuanced and aesthetically superb effort. Their music is wholesome and sounds delicious enough to eat, what a treat!"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Eating Us is a litle too tidy, their frazzled wildness cultivated into ordered orchards, but on tracks like the typically titled 'Bubblegum Animals,' BMSR still conjure a ravishing, stoned cyber-soul pinic. [Jun 2009, p.83]"
musicOMH.com,80,"Eating Us is still an unqualified success, the pop album that many followers in the footsteps of Kraftwerk have tried and failed to make."
PopMatters,80,"Eating Us has a more cohesive sound than its lo-fi predecessor, but still radioates weird and wonderful vibrations. [Jul 2009, p.117]"
The Boston Phoenix,75,"BMSR have, however, gone for extra credit and studied up on their Free Design and David Axelrod; they may even have taken more quaaludes."
Rock Sound,75,"Black Moth Super Rainbows improved fourth album, Eating Us, bears all the touches of a follow-up to a critically lauded work: larger sounds, a big name producer (Dave Fridmann) and a honed sense of purpose that forms the bands best effort to date."
AllMusic,74,"Eating Us works as a pop record and tends to be only as good as its songs, as opposed to the monochromatic statement of purpose that was 'Dandelion Gum.' Luckily, these are some pretty good songs."
Chicago Tribune,70,"On Eating Us, Black Moth Super Rainbow prove that they can grow up a little without growing boring, and still deliver exactly the same amount of unhealthy sweetness as before."
PopMatters,70,"Woozy, smoked-out hooks are strewn like cigarette butts--a Black Moth specialty that Fridmann dials up throughout this consistently twisted half-hour and change."
Pitchfork,70,"Eating Us is their fourth full-length, and its a delight."
BBC Music,61,"'Dandelion Gum' was speckled and silly and high as shit. Eating Us feels more like the baseline: collected, repeatable, respectable."
Alternative Press,60,"Eating Us is at times agreeable to the point of innocuity."
No Ripcord,60,"The like-minded follow-up enlists Flaming Lips producer Dave Fridmann, who highlights the tingly interplay between acoustic and electronic instruments and the processed vocals, which generally sound like T-Pain tripping his balls off."
Revolver,60,"Enjoyably dumb and agreeably psychedelic, Eating Us is easy listening for an easy-going season."
The New York Times,60,"It's not quite background and not quite foreground. But probably more background, like a film soundtrack--that could be fixed with just a little more variety. [Spring 2009, p.64]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"The assured Eating Us proves that distractions aren't necessary. [Jul 2009, p.93]"
Dusted Magazine,60,"Pittsburgh gene-splicers manage to overcome three minute attention deficit barrier."
Austin Chronicle,50,"Black Moth Super Rainbow is unable to even meld the far out periphery around a dreamy passive sound."

Q Magazine,81,"Under and Under dispatches the charge of repetition and 'samey' songcraft very quickly."
Uncut,80,"From the robotic churn of Blue Lights to the wiry rocknroll of Tin Birds, theres little cohesion--rhaps understandably, given Snipers penchant for releasing new material every couple of days--t that simply makes it feel of a lovingly-crafted mixtape."
Filter,70,"It's a fair guess that he has a workshop full of chorus, flange, and delay pedals from that era at his disposal, considering that every instrument and vocal line is run through one effect or another, making most of the album unintelligible or indecipherable, but it's just that limitless, everything-including-the-kitchen-sink way of working that makes Blank Dogs so special and interesting."
The A.V. Club,70,"Just seven of the 15 songs here break three minutes, which is smart, as Sniper turns rubbery bass lines and thin synths into goth-flavored bubblegum pop."
AllMusic,70,"Under and Under is more often than not a good trick, catchy and insistent, but a nagging question remains: Is Sniper saying anything? Literally, of course, he is, but its nearly impossible to decipher."
PopMatters,60,"Somewhere around track eight, the formula starts to wear thin, and the mood lightens a little to a sort of murky, sleepless pre-dawn--its not quite sunshine, or its supposed to be, but Blank Dogs cant really make sense of the big glowing thing in the sky."
Pitchfork,60,"The melodies are often big, but they rarely stick with you after the song is over, having been overcome by nervous tension and a project whose first goal is self-effacement."
musicOMH.com,60,"Curious webs of blurry guitar, analogue keyboard and cranky drum machine, song like 'Blue Lights' resemble a lower-than-lo-fi Cure, where ramshakle recording and budget texture becomes part of the appeal. [Jun 2009, p.83]"
New Musical Express (NME),50,"The songs on this album all sound the same, and there are a lot of them."

Q Magazine,100,"For anyone interested in music that works both as art and an intensely new exciting experience--this is easily the best album that has come out this year."
Mojo,100,"The most compelling--and important--avant garde record since 'Love's Secret Domain' by Coil."
Paste Magazine,90,"Monoliths and Dimensions succeeds because it is the sound of a new music formed from the ashen forge of drone, rock, and black metal."
BBC Music,90,"It seems to have brought a band who had so long mired itself in total darkness into the cleansing light of day, and in both cases, the results are awe-inspiring."
Delusions of Adequacy,90,"Monoliths & Dimensions, present OMalley and Andersons sonic murk as something to delve into, their inescapable walls of low-end suddenly beaming with purpose and a million and one instruments."
Pitchfork,85,"Per Sunn O)))'s long-standing dogma, 'Maximum volume [still] yields maximum results.' But this time, there's enough musical range and temperance to usher even the most resolute naysayer into this intricate wonderland."
AllMusic,85,"When you get past the initial impressions of both 'Silent Shout' (2006) and Monoliths & Dimensions, you find something not only stellar but surprisingly different from ones initial impression."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Hopefully those that came to SunnO))) through 'Black One' will find much to love here. If they dont they will be seriously missing out as Monoliths & Dimensions is devastatingly epic."
NOW Magazine,80,"Beautifully arranged, its four pieces amplifiy Sunn O)))'s signature drone rumble. [Jun 2009, p.96]"
Rolling Stone,80,"Words are secondary for Sunn O))), a k a Greg Anderson on bass and Stephen OMalley on guitar, who long ago made thunderous resonant sounds their stock in trade. Whats striking about this new release is its wealth of additional textures: woodwinds, brass, strings, male and female choirs."
The Guardian,80,"With nearly three dozen guest musicians chipping in, the aptly titled Monoliths and Dimensions is far and away the bands most ambitious project to date, but typically, the many guest contributions are so subtly performed and arranged, not to mention entirely in keeping with OMalleys and Andersons collective vision, that we hardly notice."
Uncut,80,"Their seventh LP is a(nother) case of 'none more black,' but 'Big Church'--in which a Viennese women's choir provides the counter to crushing, sustained chords are striking departures from Sunn)))'s awesome canon. [Jun 2009, p.103]"
Filter,80,"With the explorations of additional instrumentation as well being more comfortable with silences and with echo, SunnO))) approach the freedom and abandon of the spirit-travelers alluded to in the titles and approaches on this, the band's best record yet."
PopMatters,80,"Monoliths and Dimensions is a bold step forward and bodes well for Sunn 0)))s future relevance as not just musicians, but honest-to-god composers."
Mojo,70,"Well known as purveyors of viscous guitar sludge, the duo of Stephen O'Malley and Greg Anderson expand their ambitions and make some startling jazz-ensemble noises on their seventh album."
Drowned In Sound,70,"The more Sunn O))) neglect their Earth-worshipping roots in favor of this sort of robe-wearing, avant-garde composer thing, the more interesting it gets."

Pitchfork,88,"Alpers has a knack like few others for spinning our over-interconnected loneliness into something more like a blissful collective daydream."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Never less than dreamy, My Electric Family is endlessly inventive and rewarding."
Rock Sound,80,"A real treasure. [Sep 2009, p.90]"
XLR8r,75,"Although Alpers has found a winning sound, she's still scrambling to gather her notes and draft a theme she can deliver with conviction."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Alpers is smart, you can tell immediately, yet the album feels carefully scrubbed of identifying marks, swinging between Flaming Lips-size pomp and Laurie Anderson-style catatonia."
PopMatters,60,"There's no doubting her sonic ambitions, the glowing multitracked vocals and eclectic instrumentation here resembling a kind of lo-fi, one-woman version of Animal Collective. [Jun 2009, p.117]"
Under The Radar,50,"So swathed in electronic trickery, space-age swoops and super-produced vocals is My Electric Family, though, that it ends up a little soulless; individually the tracks have a removed piquancy, but an hours solid exposure leaves you yearning for a crackle, some fuzz, or any human intervention."

No Ripcord,79,"Theyre all about mucking around with monstrously catchy, juvenile surf riffs and then suffocating those infant laughs with a tight plastic bag of reverb; warm, gleeful guitar tones are stripped to their menacing essentials and left to bake in rancid West Coast heat."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),75,"His deadpan honk of a singing voice calls to mind a less caustic Mark E. Smith, and he arranges the 12 quick songs with a gift for effective repetitive hooks and reductive structures."
Alternative Press,73,"Fake Surfers doesn't continue these new adventures in hi-fi. Rather, it plays to the Intelligence's extremes, casting a more pronounced British Invasion pop influence in warped, peak-level lo-fi sonics, emphasizing a connection between post-punk and psychedelia that stretches from Clinic and Guided by Voices through the deconstructionist pop of Swell Maps and Wire and back to the whimsical wordsmithery of Syd Barrett and Skip Spence."
Pitchfork,70,"While Fake Surfers might not have the immediate impact of Finberg's earlier albums, but it takes his music in some bold directions without losing its smart-alecky, catchy-despite-itself essence."
AllMusic,70,"Gone is all the nervous tension that crisscrossed most of Finbergs twitchy, dystopian vignettes, replaced instead with carefully plotted fuzz and a general hazy ambience that suggests calculated late-1960s ennui more than anything else. Overall, thats a really good thing, especially when accompanied with the bands seemingly newfound ability to ply their songs with unexpected twists and subtle new details."

BBC Music,80,"What they bring to the table is a living, breathing sence of the organic. [June 2009, p.109]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Harmonium could quite easily have been a sterile exercise in musical pastiche. What The Soundcarriers have turned the album into is a living, breathing entity that restores the listener's faith in music."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Here, the presence of a harmonium updates some lava lamp pyschedelic freakouts, David Axelrod's jazzy grooves and the feathery female harmonies of The Free Design, whose Chris Dedrick provides sleevenotes for the vinyl. [Jun 2009, p.101]"
No Ripcord,80,"This album is so addictive it should come with a health warning."
PopMatters,70,"Harmonium gets tiresome toward the end. However, fans of light, clean, crisp and non-threatening psychedelia--as in '60s children's TV music, library music, groovy instrumentals with a flute lead, etc.--will be delighted, and rightfully so."
Alternative Press,70,"Soundcarriers offer something a little less detatched, with less intellectual exercises and more communal experimentation. [Summer 2009, p.68]"
Rock Sound,60,"Harmonium is as sunny and affable for outdoor get-togethers as it is sexified for ones swinging bachelor pad."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),50,"Admirable, if not necessarily lovable."
Delusions of Adequacy,50,"Their loping AM-radio psychedelia--like later Stereolab or lighter Dungen--engages with enough noise (if not complex rhythms) to keep the band out of mawkish territory."

The Boston Phoenix,82,"For Rose City, a kinda-sorta homage to their adopted hometown, theyve brought on locals Evan Railton and Corrina Repp to beef up their sound--not that it needed beefing up, but its nice to hear them having fun with some talented pals."
AllMusic,80,"Rose City is not only the most unified album of Viva Voce's career, but it also contains the Robinsons' strongest collection of tracks. [Spring 2009, p.68]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"Sonically spacious and spontaneous, Rose City is an endlessly tuneful bouquet of beaty. [Jun 2009, p.102]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,76,"Created in mere weeks, it doesn't sound fussy or fussed over, and manages the tricky balance of audible intimacy without crappy bedroom acoustics."
Pitchfork,70,"The fifth album from this Portland, Oregon quartet (recently expanded from a married duo) is swathed in misty silver-and-blue atmospherics, but it's the songwriting, hooks, and escalating thrum of a capable rock band that pull listeners from each twinkling vista to the next."
Uncut,66,"It's not that Rose City has nothing to offer, it's just at its best when it's most forgettable. [Spring 2009, p.98]"
Mojo,60,"Despite such mix-tape worthy moments, Rose City is one of the bands weakest overall efforts yet."

musicOMH.com,80,"There's almost a subversive aspect to how City Center doesn't play to Thomas' known strengths, but the risk pays off: City Center adds another fascinating dimension to his music."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"After making a million songs only a couple people have heard, its understandable for Thomas to harbor a little insecurity. He captures this brilliantly though in his work with City Center, and perhaps you can help him out by giving his densely-populated-yet-naked, dark-yet-glowing latest a spin."
Under The Radar,72,"For an established pop writer like Thomas this sort of effort is long overdue, a necessary rung on the twisted, misdirecting ladder towards writing one of those singular, inexplicable albums."
Mojo,70,"While the descriptors may intimate a degree oof emotional detachment, this record ultimately is anything but, exuding ample warmth while engaging the listener at a deeply personal level, and auguring even greater things to come. [Summer 2009, p.64]"
AllMusic,68,"Ultimately, it's the dynamic between melodic resonance ('Young Diamond') and found-sound obfuscation (the four minutes of 'You Are a Force' are pregnant with stay amp hum) that defines a debut that I'd call 'promising.'"
Pitchfork,60,"As a debut full-length, City Center shows much promise and can rightly provide the soundtrack to a strange summer."
PopMatters,50,"Every song in the first half of the album tries so hard to get somewhere, but just ends up breaking down when it becomes obvious theres no end in sight."

Drowned In Sound,70,"This is more than some disparate litany of distant apocalyptic perils, however. Theres a deeper and more germane thread running through the album."
Uncut,68,"Yet like last time, there are plenty of sturdy, major-key melodies that go straight for the jugular. But whatever sing-along quality they have, their effectiveness is almost always determined by context."
PopMatters,60,"The band does achieve some small strides forward here, and gives us a few great tracks, but mostly Cogleton and crew leave me wondering exactly what it is I should be afraid of."
AllMusic,60,"This is expertly crafted music, but perhaps too intent on being discomforting: the music intentionally aims to unsettle you."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"The music offers plenty of reasons to feel good about feeling bad; too bad that the lyrics, which suggest these feelings in the first place, evacuate themselves moments after they surface, making for a curiously glossy listening experience."
No Ripcord,30,"Its decent in places but its just you know that feeling you get when someone you love is so wracked with pointless worry that you just want to shake them and shake them until they snap out of it?"

NOW Magazine,80,"The combination of vaulting pop glory and damaged, fractured insecurity has seldom been done better since the early days of Sinead O'Connor. [Apr 2009, p.87]"
Filter,80,"English songbird Polly Scattergood entrances, disturbs and impresses with her debut self-titled album."
AllMusic,70,"At her best, like on the slow-burn opener 'I Hate the Way,' the lovelorn Xanax and sambuca anthem 'Other Too Endless,' and the rousing single 'Nitrogen Pink,' she successfully bridges the gap between teen pop and adult alternative rock, but when she gets stuck in the confessional too long, the results are more indulgent than powerful."
Slant Magazine,70,"A bit melodramatic, but undeniably compelling, Scattergoods work has already drawn comparisons to Tori Amos and Kate Bush."
Rolling Stone,60,"While it sometimes does become a bit too overwrought, those people who found Tori Amos' vignettes so compelling will find much to love here. It helps as well that there's a light pop touch on many of the tracks."
PopMatters,60,"Performed alone at the piano, Scattergood's debut would be nearly unbearable, but the widescreen production of soundtrack specialist Simon Fisher Turner goes a long way towards taking the edge off her sixth-form Plathisms and dignifying her emotional melodrama."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Not an easy listen, but a brave, bold debut. [Apr 2009, p.99]"
Pitchfork,60,"What she lacks in lyrical maturity, she makes up for in heartful conviction, channelled through a voice that's by turns sweet, savage and gut-wrenchingly vulnerable. [Apr 2009, p.110]"
The A.V. Club,60,"Beyond threatening suicide and playing coy with whispered vocals, Scattergood fidgets with the bad girl/innocent child dynamic, the juxtaposition of which is just tired enough to bear obvious, but still creepy, dividends."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Overall, though, this open-hearted and engaging record boasts enough memorable moments to suggest that Scattergood has a promising future ahead of her."
BBC Music,53,"For the moment, cherry-pick the highlights from this album, and cross your fingers for her sophomore release."
AllMusic,40,"It's a well-made, well-polished piece of material. But she ruins it by painting a wacky overcoat over something that was probably fine in the first place."
Delusions of Adequacy,40,"Scattergoods voice is the star, but it can be utterly distracting, a vessel for an expressive, prolific writer who may be too afraid of the revision process."
Under The Radar,40,"The occasional slow track turned power ballad and the single quirky pop tune are not nearly enough to rescue this record from the depths of the depressing ditch it dug itself into."

New Musical Express (NME),91,"At 10 songs and 35 minutes, theres no filler, not even on the obligatory final comedown 'Leave It At The Door,' which is all fluttery woodwinds and exhaustion."
BBC Music,90,"It's Frightening kicks into high gear from the get-go, and never looks back."
New Musical Express (NME),82,"This makes for an important sophomore release that is even more sweepingly seductive than 'Fort Nightly.' [Spring 2009, p.92]"
Q Magazine,80,"When Patterson says, 'While you're out taking aim, and taking orders.' It sounds like an indictment, and is one of the many small touches that litter this near-perfect second album. [Spring 2009, p.68]"
Mojo,80,"Daniel justly brings the bands best attributes to the foreground and Its Frightening ends up being a tight and concise album."
Dot Music,80,"White Rabbits recruited Spoon frontman Britt Daniel to produce It's Frightening, an appealingly audacious move that reveals just how tightly these guys define their sound. That self-awareness is apparent in the band's music as well--nothing seems out of place in these tidily arranged soul-punk tunes, most of which revolve around piano and bass rather than guitar."
Drowned In Sound,80,"White Rabbits favor physical instruments over electronic abstractions, and the drums kick the music toward an American sound that fortifies its brains with muscle."
musicOMH.com,75,"Its Frightening builds upon White Rabbits established aesthetic and at the same time sharpens the bands shambling attack."
The Guardian,74,"The script might contain plenty of familiar elements, but they're ably, and occasionally superbly, shuffled and recast."
Uncut,73,"While playing catchy, well-crafted songs isn't necessarily a bad thing, it is sometimes less than exciting."
Paste Magazine,70,"Ignore (or embrace) the similarities [to Spoon] and theres plenty to love about songs as lightly brooding and likably grabby as these."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"Always on the verge, but never quite becoming too polished, Its Frightening is an exciting step forward from a group that would appear to have a masterpiece to deliver somewhere down the line."
Spin,70,"Like 'More Specials,' the Specials' second-record departure, It's Frightening isn't nearly buoyant as its predecessor. Insofar as its purpose is to rattle the bones, it's a fidgety, impenetrable success."
musicOMH.com,70,"The only instruments that aren't slaves to the beat are Gregory Roberts and Stephen Patterson's vocals, which mingle into perfectly messy harmonies."
Q Magazine,70,"Twin drummers Matthew Clark and Jamie Levinson are oustanding, but its Patterson whos the real star  an all-American frontman whose honey-coated voice is practically begging for adoration."
PopMatters,60,"Its Frightening is far from a bloodless copy of a more vivid being; it is, rather, a living, breathing creation, one that is only dubiously theirs."
Under The Radar,60,"Its Frightening isnt a bad album in its own right. There are certainly worse things than making a record thats frequently catchy but not terribly exciting."
BBC Music,60,"Its Frightening is by no means a record which is without merit. I suspect that the production work of Spoons Britt Daniel has infused it with more presence than it might otherwise have had. However, that notwithstanding, the albums lack of anything substantial to get your teeth into proves fatal."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"And while White Rabbits' wild Americana and freaked folk makes for a varied and vivid sprawl of sounds, their knack for addictive melody and honed songcraft delivers a beguiling, coherent and memorable whole. [Feb 2010, p. 97]"
Sputnikmusic,60,"Building a forthright sound on upfront drums, piano and Stephen Patterson's angsty vocals, tracks including Burundi-drumming lead single Percussion gun and the suspenseful groover Right Where They Left are a winning balance of art-indie mope and pop energy. [Feb 2010, p. 113]"
The New York Times,55,"Their rhythm section (ooh, two drummers!) is serviceable but generally underwhelming, and song by song the record just falls flat."
Rolling Stone,50,"More often than not, It's Frightening is caught on middling ground, at once striving to be unpretentious while still hoping to challenge listeners' expectations. The album accomplishes neither, however, as the band's aversion to let sound fall where it may produces little beyond impressions of gloppy heavy-handedness and obtuse haze."

The Guardian,92,"Not every song is perfect, but perfection is boring. What we need in these weary times--and what Passion Pit brings--is exuberance. Manners delivers the elusive feeling that everything will be alright. Or, just maybe, that everything already is."
Uncut,88,"After years of Boston's repping itself on the national stage with scally caps and mime make-up, the promising prospect of a blog-stoking, pant-tightening, fresh-making outfit like the Pit feels long overdue. The good news is, it sounds only slightly so."
NOW Magazine,82,"I can already sense the love-it-or-leave-it polarization for listeners over Michael Angelakos's dizzying falsetto range, but one thing's for sure--it's a match for the far-out music he's making. [Spring 2009, p.97]"
AllMusic,81,"Manners is deceptively consistent even beyond its singles--if you like one Passion Pit song, you'll probably like them all."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Refreshingly free of pretensions and convolutions it's full of well-written songs with melody and fun at its big heart."
Pitchfork,80,"Perhaps not as striking as it might have seemed 18 months ago, but still a debut album of distinction."
The A.V. Club,80,"Euphoric, feelgood electro-pop of the indie rather than chart-topping persuasion, with the Massachusetts quartet's debut substituting lost-boy yearning for outright hedonism."
Dot Music,80,"Thanks to the meticulous production values, the insane catchiness of the hooks, and the pure and true emotional underpinnings below all the gloss, the album is a total success of both sound and vision."
musicOMH.com,80,"Refreshed and uplifted. Those are two things that the best pop records leave you feeling, and that's definitely the end result of listening to Manners, the debut album from Passion Pit."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Passion Pit's full-length debut proves he isn't fronting: It's a shiny bouquet of synth-pop roses, with perfumed Eighties keyboard whooshes and modern stutter beats crooking a finger toward the dance floor."
No Ripcord,80,"just so happens that Passion Pit has released a gorgeous pop album in time for the warm weather, and while Manners would make a perfect soundtrack to any summer, you'll want to keep the best cuts around for far longer."
Clash Music,80,"It makes you want to dance, and it gets it hooks deep into, so much so that you might be humming the melodies to these songs mindlessly, before you even realize theyre Passion Pit."
Uncut,80,"For all its glossy, soul-searching schmaltz, the bands full-length debut is a polished record full of consistently catchy hooks."
Dusted Magazine,80,"All I know for sure is that Ive got two ears and a heart, and Manners sounds and feels pretty great."
AllMusic,80,"Manners, the debut album from the Boston-based electro-pop outfit Passion Pit, is a charming combination of danceable synth grooves, falsetto shouts and infectious vocal hooks."
Mojo,80,"Passion Pit's inclusive sound isn't afraid to take chances, and like that proverbial teenager, they aren't afraid of being caught by their mom home sicks with the flu. [Summer 2009, p.68]"
Filter,75,"While the midtempo tunes often venture into cheesy '80s-pop territory, the album's dense sound rewards repeat listens."
Prefix Magazine,70,"There are times when the album feels strangely medicated; the positivity, when heaped upon the listener in brutal doses, makes you feel trapped in one of those American self-help groups."
BBC Music,70,"Despite an opening volley that suggests Ghandi himself would have felt the urge to tell Passion Pit to stop being so bloody silly come the end, it finds a slightly more meaningful note surprisingly soon."
Drowned In Sound,70,"there are many who will find this record torrentially annoying....But to many others, Manners will be a welcome zephyr of optimism ushering away the angst of epidemics and impending environmental oblivion."
Pitchfork,60,"Poptimist Michael Angelakos tried to hold onto his girlfriend with Passion Pit's first EP. That didn't work (blame the self-obsessed lyrics), but on his band's debut full-length, their squeaky indie-pop theatrics are more convincing."
Spin,60,"On the whole, Manners mostly evens out into a consistently listenable experience, the joy of one absurdly successful track spread out in variations and reformulations across the entirety of an album with inevitable dilution in the process."
Under The Radar,60,"Gone is the Fisher Price-redolent instrumentation and found--sounds, in their place something more measured and radio friendly. [Jun 2009, p.98]"
NOW Magazine,60,"At times--'Little Secrets,' despite its kiddie choir, 'The Reeling' and 'Moth's Wings'--it's a little too cloneishly Jake Shears for comfort. At other, though, they soar with MGMT-esque widescreen vitality. [Jun 2009, p.130]"
Q Magazine,60,"Manners is impressively slick and sparky but probably just a little too toothpaste fresh. [Jun 2009, p.93]"
PopMatters,58,"Manners attempts to synthesize Michael Angelakos natural talent for dance music with more straightforward, heart-on-sleeve rock, but cant quite commit to either."
Los Angeles Times,56,"I could go song by song and come to the same conclusion with pretty much each one: the dedication to this carefree whimsy of youth ultimately stands as the most impressive thing about Passion Pit, and it wears thin quickly."

musicOMH.com,80,"The songs in between are the exploration of the journey from that dark, quiet beginning to that beautifully indulgent conclusion, and boy are there some twists and turns along the way."
PopMatters,80,"Further mystical adventures from grunge-era Kate Bush."
Lost At Sea,80,"Her 12th studio release, Abnormally Attracted to Sin, finds her in full command of her expanded arsenal, creating an overall sound that's as psychedelic as it is classic."
Mojo,75,"Sometimes her brains get a little too big for her Bible. But when she's banging on her piano over layers of lush electronics, she's got the rapture part down."
AllMusic,75,"A 17-song steam trunk of an album, the new collection strikes a canny balance between Victorian-inspired decadence, mythical pathos and arch camp."
Uncut,70,"Occasionally vague, sometimes incohesive and a little self-indulgent it may be, but ultimately Abnormally Attracted to Sin is an abnormally attractive piece of work, and another fine example of the shining talent that is Tori Amos."
Pitchfork,70,"But even with its bloated running time, Sin is more thematically satisfying and sonically adventurous than anything Amos has recorded in years."
cokemachineglow,67,"The big problem: Abnormally Attracted To Sin is 17 tracks long, and a lot of it could have been left on the cutting-room floor....The remaining 10 or so songs are a reasonably memorable, inspired collection that would have made a pretty great album by themselves."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Abnormally Attracted To Sin turns out to be a collection of tracks that simply doesn't work as a whole because it can't properly be listened to in one go. Pity, for somewhere in amongst it all Tori proves that she's still capable of producing a storming album."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Amos doesn't record as much as most artists, and it must be tempting to give fans everything she can, but in this case, it's hurt her a bit. Still there, are many tracks here worth adding to one's Amos shelf."
BBC Music,60,"Abnormally Attracted To Sin is a long haul, but among these 18 songs ate some of the best Amos has written. [Jun 2009, p.123]"
No Ripcord,60,"Musically, the 17 songs here are mostly dark and sweeping, Amos hesitatiing to provide the big melodies to latch onto, rather roping the listener in with a feelinga and entrancing with her lyrics. [Summer 2009, p.64]"
Filter,50,"Unfortunately, these hook-starved arrangements tend toward a static brand of ambient cabaret, which makes Amos' lyrics easy to tune out. Too many little earthquakes, not enough seismic jolts."
Prefix Magazine,50,"The result is a set of prog-inspired balladry with less bounce than her last disc."
NOW Magazine,40,"Abnormally Attracted to Sin is, by quite some distance, her weakest album yet."
Q Magazine,40,"Toriphiles will be delighted to find a generous 76 minutes of songstuff here but the less committed might never get past the veritable encyclopedia of tortured vocal affections that blight the stodgy opening track. [Jun 2009, p.102]"
AllMusic,40,"Toris 10th refuses to gel into anything illuminating. [Jun 2009, p.83]"

Mojo,86,"That sense of musical evolution makes Around the Well a particularly compelling listening, and Beams sensitive readings of songs by Stereolab, the Flaming Lips, the Postal Service, and New Order show how sturdy his sound can be, as he translates them to quieter settings without losing their heraldic sentiments."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Unlike other odds and sods collections, Around the Well sounds and feels like an accomplished release."
Paste Magazine,80,"Resplendent with Beams raw, whispered tones and snatched memories wrapped in the warmth and emotional calamity Iron And Wine are known for, its vintage stuff."
Slant Magazine,80,"Over its 23 songs, Iron & Wines sound changes, from scratchy sparseness to well-appointed sparseness and through to the jittery clamor that marked The Shepherds Dog, but the underlying world doesnt."
Spin,80,"While there will be a new Iron & Wine album inn 2010, this collections amazing consistency, and glut of stellar songs, guarantees that is hardly just a hold-over."
Uncut,80,"Iron and Wine's slow-motion magic shines here, and the material ranks with their best. It may be the most hypnotizing hour and a half you spend all month."
Pitchfork,80,"These are finely detailed hymnals with a deceptively light touch, led out by Beams warm-blanket voice and brittle guitar."
PopMatters,80,"A collection that will both excite fans and convince newcomers, Around The Well is that rare phenomenon, a rarities compliation that is nigh on essential. [Summer 2009, p.66]"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),75,"Thanks to Beam's songwriting and his uniformly pretty singing, the music's familiarity doesn't take away from its loveliness."
Sputnikmusic,73,"Around the Well is a great retrospective that heps fans to a lot of difficult-to-locate material from one of this decade's finest songwriters. While there is some fairly flat stuff on the first disc, it really gives the listener the sweep of his development as a writer, musician, and arranger."
AllMusic,72,"Despite the similitude of both discs, their respective modesty and muscularity present variety without overreaching. To put it into trite punny terms, Well has some depth."
Alternative Press,70,"Compilations can be tricky to assemble, but Around the Well is both comprehensive and conveniently presented, with each disc representing the two amorphous halves of Iron & Wine's career."
Rock Sound,70,"Anyone who dug Beams official albums will likely enjoy this odds-and-ends release."
Q Magazine,70,"Although this two-CD manifesto isn't completely immune to the current bar-lowering--disc one is heavy on wispy, lo-fi throwaways (one exception: an intimate acoustic version of the Flaming Lips' 'Waitin' for a Superman')--there's more wheat than chaff."
Revolver,67,"Any singer-guitarist who can reduce Stereolab, The Postal Service, New Order, and The Flaming Lips into an indistinguishable acoustic muddle is a musician who may have carried aesthetic purity too far. Beam succeeds best on songs like his own 'Sinning Hands.'"
The A.V. Club,60,"In the end, the collection's bevy of elegance, purity, and passion is simply 10 tracks too long."
musicOMH.com,60,"Sam Beam's breathy croon is as soothing as a lullaby, but just as limited--which becomes an issue over two discs and 23 songs. Yet that very sameness helps this patchwork of singles, soundtrack cuts, and unreleased tracks cohere."
Austin Chronicle,60,"Much here stands in marked contrast to that lushly arranged benchmark ['The Shepherd's Dog']. [Jul 2009, p.114]"
Pitchfork,40,"The home recordings, however, insist this is probably for fans only. [Jul 2009, p.138]"

BBC Music,80,"This album cherry-picks a lot of the best ideas from his past work and sets a new baseline, which will simultaneously please fans of his old band and allow him to vault into the future. [Spring 2009, p.66]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"Its a fragile recollection of California rock from more auspicious times, with stately melodies and vocal chorales over jerry-built foundations: elegies for vanished certainties."
Prefix Magazine,78,"While he doesn't exude happiness throughout all 12 tracks, there's a feeling of contentment with his newfound solitude. Clearly, Lytle's time away has recharged him, even if it's in a way that reflects a more mellow life. [Spring 2009, p.92]"
Rock Sound,75,"Yours Truly, The Commuter, Lytle's solo debut, is a sweetly sad collection of fuzzed-out odes to frustration (the bouncy title track) and furry friends."
Under The Radar,75,"To say Yours Truly is stuck in Grandaddy territory isnt exactly a dig; that band produced four consistently solid records, and it turns out Lytle is as competent on his own as he is with friends"
Uncut,75,"With this album, Lytle has established himself as a solo artist who does not so much distance himself from his previous band as successfully scratch an itch for sounds that have been missing from the music landscape for quite some time."
Delusions of Adequacy,74,"As with previous albums, Yours Truly benefits from creative sequencing that winks at expectations."
Filter,70,"His spectral vocals comfort like new bedsheets, lyrics straddle tranquillity and loss (Ghost Of My Old Dog) and there are enough sun-over-hill-moments (Brand New Sun) that hold their own against his Snowdon-high standards."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Yours Truly occasionally provides pummeling feedback rock ('It's the Weekend'), but when Lytle's lullaby vocals suggest, 'You should hold my hand / While everything blows away / And we'll run to a brand-new sun,' it's like Bruce Springsteen's open highway finally reached a melancholy kid from Modesto."
Paste Magazine,70,"Although Commuter is nearly musically indistinguishable from a Grandaddy record, it feels comforting to have Lytle back, to hear him working through his issues with new music."
PopMatters,70,"His voice is as yearning and creaky as ever, at once aged and childlike, and if the music doesn't always have a lot of weight, Lytle's songwriting remains pleasantly distracting on the surface and thoughtfully sublime upon closer inspection."
The Guardian,70,"The haunting tone unfurls itself further with every successive listen, making this an album worth returning to again and again. [June 2009, p.102]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Yours Truly is more cohesive than many of those past albums, a comforting hybrid of west coast beauty and stark, isolationist expanse that bodes well for his solo career."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"By not moving further away from the sound that defined him, instead choosing to use that sound as a blanket, retreating within it rather than escaping, Lytle shows us that the commuter is still trying to find his way home."
Urb,60,"Commuter may be a welcome return of an idiosyncratic talent, but it also finds Lytle a bit too stuck in his own head to stand alongside Grandaddy's most challenging, accomplished albums."
PopMatters,60,"The record's familarity is nourishing rather than revelatory. [Jun 2009, p.99]"
XLR8r,60,"It's all overly familiar in the most reassuring way. [Jun 2009, p.125]"
Austin Chronicle,60,"There is the odd suggestion here of a campfire Mercury Rev, but nothing to spook former fans. [Jun 2009, p.92]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,58,"Lytle settles for repetitive mood-setters that merely re-shuffle the elements hes been working with for more than a decade now, with no discernible progress or mastery."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),40,"The tunes remain pleasantly unhurried, lush and laid-back but fail to stimulate. His small, fragile voice now seems slightly whiny and affected."
Alternative Press,40,"While Commuter for all intents and purposes revisits that same territory, it seems the well has begun to run dry as much of the album sounds like half-baked leftovers. [Spring 2009, p.66]"
The A.V. Club,37,"The music simply crawls by in a maddeningly static mid-tempo blur, going about its melancholy business on the way to nowhere."

Clash Music,90,"The songs here pulsate with perversion, a middle-aged man making damn sure that he's going to get with a tight 23-year-old body yet again; it's the sound of a fetishist turned sexual omnivore."
Spin,83,"The raucousness of 'Homewrecker!' or the title track will come as a definite surprise to longtime Cocker watchers, though not necessarily a bad one. And the man's droll wordplay is still the dominating factor."
Uncut,83,"Steve Albinis production retains some of the lushness Cocker favored on Pulps later albums and his solo debut, while investing it with a new punchiness. The approach ups the drama on Cockers tales of mid-life desire and failure."
Mojo,83,"Its his most focused album in over a decade, and ought to absolutely kill onstage."
AllMusic,80,"Minor missteps aside, Further Complications is a bold, progressive step forward in the so far, so very good solo career of Jarvis Cocker."
Under The Radar,80,"The result is an absolute pleasure."
Slant Magazine,80,"Its a success. Whether he keeps on in this vein or branches out even further, this album proves you can, in fact, teach an old letch new tricks."
Q Magazine,80,"Neither Cocker's chewy structures nor his voice's subtle shadings are particularly well suited to Albini's you-are-there engineering. Fortunately, this collection of surging and reeling tunes is the former Pulp frontman's strongest since 'Different Class.'"
Pitchfork,80,"Its a wonderful surprise that Further Complications turns out to be such a reinvigorated piece of work. Much of this freshness must be down to the working methods of producer Steve Albini."
musicOMH.com,80,"The result is an album thick with a humid sense of decaying sexuality, a desperate voraciousness made even grimier by the gritty production."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Long branded a thinking man's rocker, Cocker seems refreshed to simply bash through an electrifying set of tunes concerned more with appropriate vibe than surgical precision. It's deeper than you think."
Pitchfork,80,"This second solo album is so strong that a listening moves from why to why-not territory rather quickly."
PopMatters,80,"Unlike the best of those artists, however, the variety of ideas on Further Complication do not have a uniform success rate to bond them, and this is what stops the album short of reaching classic status."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"It's a flinty rock record that lets Cocker's inner guitar beast out. [Jun 2009, p.118]"
Dusted Magazine,70,"Produced by Steve Albini, Cocker's excellent second solo disc sets hilariously over-the-top come-ons to bruising garage rock and woozy soul."
Drowned In Sound,70,"His solo follow-up, though, is a more personal affair, dissecting the onset of middle-age, physical decrepitude and the end-game of marriage (he split from his wife not long after finishing this)."
NOW Magazine,70,"Brit pop aesthete goes Rawk--sort of."
The A.V. Club,70,"This newest Cocker incarnation restages this conflict in a way that establishes his continuing vitality and creativity and confirms that his sardonic wit has only sharpened with time."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Initial listens may lead you to believe its a little non-descript, but theres reward in perseverance."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"Stripped down to the bone, the tracks here reveal the chinks in Cocker's armor with gloriously broken results. [Summer 2009, p.65]"
musicOMH.com,65,"While his songwriting remains funny and incisive at 45, ostensibly ballsier numbers like 'Fuckingsong' and 'Angela' veer dangerously close to bar-band boneheadedness."
Spin,60,"This is a record that's more intriguing than entertaining. Cocker's warmth and wit are in short supply, as is the sweeter side of his melodic gifts."
Observer Music Monthly,60,"With Cocker frequently shouting to be heard over the rock racket, Further Complications is best when the music quietens, allowing the singer's glorious one-liners to be savoured."
BBC Music,60,"His new album, Further Complications--musically more immediate, lyrically more beleaguered--was engineered by Steve Albini, whose aesthetics dictate big drums, big guitars and small vocals. So Mr. Cocker is shouting to be heard, which only improves on his comic persona."
Uncut,50,"The meta quality of the immoral, libidinous singer refracted through unblinking irony feels too transparent for a songwriter of Cocker's depth."
The Guardian,40,"His brilliant, whispery, Gainsbourgh-like vocal delivery is replaced by base shouting, his hilarious wordplay reduced to grating, beat-poet-like observations."
Slant Magazine,40,"Much of it is unreconstructedly rockist. [Jun 20009, p.102]"

New Musical Express (NME),80,"Not since Bon Ivers 'For Emma, Forever Ago' has there been such an accomplished album of torch songs."
Rolling Stone,80,"There's an overt embracement of vintage songcraft, and a few tracks would have certainly found welcoming ears in other eras. Be glad they're here now. [Jun 2009, p.102]"
Boston Globe,80,"As for the claim that Romanian Names represents the pinnacle of Vanderslice's recorded output to date, the argument certainly holds water. The dozen songs are all inviting, catchy even, in their own way, and aurally consistent with the history of 'sloppy hi-fi' production at Vanderslice's Tiny Telephone studio."
Billboard.com,80,"For those who never quite got John Vanderslice, hes finally made a love-on-first-listen recording. Yes, you have to pay attention to the lyrics, but the reward is clever, well-developed storytelling."
AllMusic,78,"Vanderslice hasn't made a bad record, but he's only made a couple that are this good. If you've never dipped an ear into his world before, Romanian Names is a great place to do it."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"What Romanian Names lacks in difficulty and depth, it makes up for in restrained creativity and faint tenacity. Though his aim fell short, it goes without saying that even at his moderate average; hes miles ahead of most of the solo artists attempting to make music."
Mojo,70,"If the new direction disappoints some old fans, though, its hard to escape the fact that Vanderslice is an original songwriter with a vision for his material, even if that vision isnt clear."
Q Magazine,70,"This is not Vanderslices most sonically adventurous record overall, but it does not need to be. His most powerful songs seem often, at first, the most unassuming."
Chicago Tribune,70,"Something of a letdown by his own lofty standards, but still awfully good by anyone else's, John Vanderslice's Romanian Names is perhaps the singer-songwriter's most obtuse album."
Drowned In Sound,70,"By all accounts, a solid album; its just that we have come to expect better from someone with such a flawless back catalog."
Clash Music,60,"Romanian Names holds the unfortunate and surprising distinction of being the very first John Vanderslice album to feel like just another John Vanderslice album."
PopMatters,60,"This is a nice album, not a great one. It pleases with clean, intelligent production, thoughtful arrangements, clever, elliptical words."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Its certainly an enjoyable collection of pop songs, but, unfortunately, its mostly innocuous and not as remarkable as past efforts."
XLR8r,60,"Although Romanian Names drops the terrorism fixation, it does attempt to make the most of the other moves that its predecessors did, but to diminishing returns. [Spring 2009, p.68]"
Hot Press,60,"A unique, if impenetrable artists, Vanderslice deserves a wider audience. [Jun 2009, p.132]"

Urb,88,"Some bands make a third album; others make something more like a third refinement of 'the album.' This feels like the (charmed) latter."
Under The Radar,80,"Thanks to Monahan and the strength of the songs the trio wrote for the album, this stands as Au Revoir Simone's best work so far."
Prefix Magazine,80,"You can slice up its track-by-track constitution--a gently sung, interesting turn of phrase here, an evocative chord progression here--but it is a beautiful, haunting creature as a whole, and a poignant testament to the power of simplicity."
Pitchfork,80,"Music to stick pins in voodoo dolls of the popular kids by."
Sputnikmusic,80,"The fact that many of the songs have lengthy instrumental passages confirms that Au Revoir Simone is more concerned with conveying emotions than just singing about them. On this count, the album's a clear success."
Dusted Magazine,78,"The band's egalitarian and mutually supportive dynamic pays off on the harmonious Still Night, Still Light, their third and best album."
Dot Music,70,"Opener 'Another Likely Story' sets the mood, dovetailing chilly lunar textures with hushed vocal harmonies to often nap-worthy effect."
No Ripcord,70,"Essentially, Still Night, Still Life is a fun, carefree listen and doesn't pretend to be anything more. As an added bonus, it's also a clear improvement over the band's past works as well."
cokemachineglow,70,"Listen to Still Night, Still Light for what it is and its unlikely you will end up disappointed."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"Snoozy delights from the polyphonic twee whose outright nerdiness is charming."
NOW Magazine,60,"Everything sounds lovely, but the songs are too indistinct from one another, and theres very little emotional range on display."
PopMatters,60,"There's an intimacy to these songs that makes it feel like you're intruding on some private sorrow, but there's no denying their ability to sustain a mood. [Jun 2009, p.117]"
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"There's a couple tunes that rise above the general lo-fi languor. But you get the feeling they could carry on like this, lost in unchanging adolescent reverie, forever. [Jun 2009, p.83]"
The Boston Phoenix,60,"Au Revoir Simone might want to explore organic instrumentation further--the vocal harmonies would flourish--although the lyrics could wilt in the exposure. [Summer 2009, p.64]"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),40,"Over the course of a whole album their light-as-afeather mix of glacial keyboard, breathy vocals and mid-tempo time signatures begins to grate, and you wish producer Thom Monahan had made them take more risks. [Jun 2009, p.99]"

Pitchfork,85,"Her arrangements are music-hall clever, her erudite lyrics reference the most arcane subjects, and her flapper-vampy voice camps up everything to the point of burlesque."
The A.V. Club,80,"The breadth of Avis influences is apparent on her self-titled debut album, but she still creates a unique and extremely charming persona of her own."
musicOMH.com,70,"Zee Avi is a gentle record, a good morning record, a future staple for the hungover or stressed out."
Urb,60,"Yet while the album includes its share of blandly pleasant songs--the kind that could position Ms. Avi as a less arty Feist--there are also glints of melancholy clarity that promise more."
Observer Music Monthly,40,"The Borneo-born Avi gives much of the album a warm, old-jazz feel, but flat lyrics like 'I shed tears I couldn't dry' make several of the songs sound like woodshedding material."

Hot Press,88,"The sonic touchstones are rediscovered gems of Latin American psychedelia mixed with the work of romantic cantautores (singer-songwriters) from the waning days of Franco in the '70s."
The Guardian,80,"The style of music being obscure to modern listeners makes this project's viability a good one, and La Llama reveals material of quality from a great ensemble of musicians."
Uncut,80,"Although there are moments where you wish for the upbeat, there is a solace to La Llama. For all of you non-spanish and catalan speakers out there, your mind is not forced to translate any of the words either, but simply inspired to enjoy the ride."
Slant Magazine,80,"Herren calls Savath And Savalas his vision of 'Catalan acid folk'--and that should be all the encouragement required for fans of Four Tet, Tropicalia and early Animal Collective to dive right in. [Jul 2009, p.97]"
Boston Globe,70,"Herren and his mates have pulled off the difficult task of building on a singular sound without sacrificing what made it special in the first place."
Dusted Magazine,70,"For Herren devotees (a group in which I would place myself), this album will appear as a necessary, blissed-out, and relaxing installment in an ever-evolving musical saga. For others less familiar or only interested in the Prefuse aesthetic, La Llama may leave them feeling adrift."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Creaks, pings, birdcalls, clarinets, rustles, whooshes, echoes and all sorts of other sonic flotsam surround simple melodies and quietly picked acoustic guitars on La Llama."
Dot Music,61,"A good deal more Lange and a good deal less Muns would have brought out the best in Scott Herren."
Q Magazine,60,"'La Llama' and Carajillo's clinking percussion, two moments of clarity on an album strong on atmosphere but sometimes short on focus. [Jul 2009, p.131]"
cokemachineglow,50,"The concept is pleasant at first, but pretty soon the repetitive nature of each soundscape--clipped beats, soft Catalan/Castellano vocals and the odd bash, pluck, bird-call and random tinkle--starts to make NME jittery."

Drowned In Sound,80,"As two musicians who may have gotten slighted, their self-titled album is an accomplished and impressive debut."
Clash Music,80,"'Cave Mouth' rocks with something of Fugazi's technical heft, while 'Perfect Fit' matches Penner's quavering vocals to dancing Klezmer piano and swells of cymbal. [Aug 2009, p.88]"
New Musical Express (NME),75,"The purpose of Clues wasnt to outshine Penner or Reeds past successes, but to make great new music. And on Clues, they do just that."
Rolling Stone,72,"Striking stylistic tics like this pop up all over Clues, and the contextualizing effect is undeniable: for good or ill, its nigh impossible to hear this album anew, free from preconceptions."
Prefix Magazine,70,"One hears a variety of influences on this 2009 release, including no wave, psychedelic rock, art rock, 1980s post-punk, Brit-pop, and even folk at times; all of those influences serve Clues well, and all of them add to the intrigue on their promising debut album."
AllMusic,70,"Clues offer precisely that: hints at considerable future potential, and, for any budding gumshoes keen to probe the mysterious fate of The Unicorns, arguably something of smoking gun."
Paste Magazine,70,"The result is far from flawless, but Clues sparkles in the rough."
Billboard.com,64,"There may be some excellent tracks on this record, but it mostly hints at better things to come down the line."
Spin,60,"Yet get past the grating AF-isms and theres some good tunes."

Alternative Press,70,"This is a rather catchy, rather clever slice of electronica that you could easily find yourself falling in love with. It is also the kind of album that you could hate yourself for buying because you get off on the kind of tunes the Tweenies find annoying."
No Ripcord,70,"Though the songs are both numerous and short, theyre mostly a solitary musical idea that tends not to be explored too far, well done as it might be."
Mojo,60,"In the case of Super Animal Brothers III, you can either sit down and dismiss Ear Pwr for daring to play a game with the music, or you can see the state of the board for what it is and roll the dice."
BBC Music,60,"They veer with a refreshing lack of caution from toytown techno and smart-alec wordplay t the squeaky space-hopper electro of 'Discover Your Colors.' [Aug 2009, p.104]"
Under The Radar,56,"Where Deacon infuses his day-glo riots with brainy intent, EAR PWR recycle the worst tendencies of electroclash: the lackluster rapping and willful inanity. It's frustrating because there's ample evidence that EAR PWR aren't compensating for being shitty at music, they're just dumbing down."
Rock Sound,55,"The net effect here is that Super Animal Brothers III is the stem of a great dance record with some irony smeared on it, shit-on-canvass style. Sure, it ends up making a statement, butwhy?"
Alternative Press,40,"Super Animal Brothers III sounds exactly as expected; a dorm room drum machine experiment attempting to capture the zeitgeist of Generation Ritalin, permanently jacked to eleven with no real idea as to why."
Billboard.com,40,"This synth-heavy dance assault shows tons of promise but just misses the emotional mark. [Summer 2009, p.70]"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),20,"Booze and Reynolds maintain a consistent level of awfulness throughout, but really bring their A-game to songs like the bludgeoningly-repetitive 'Sparkly Sweater,.'"

AllMusic,70,"There are certainly some succulent dishes on the album ('Xerses' and 'Eats Darkness' for me) but all together I do wonder if someone ordered a bit too much?"
Spin,60,"Hes abandoned the tres, a three-stringed Cuban guitar used uniquely on earlier efforts, in favour of a few not-so-good stabs at reggae. But he keeps his songs zippy and focused, and infuses many with foot-tappin playfulness."
Q Magazine,60,"Apostle Of Hustle have now all but abandoned the Cuban mores of earlier albums in favour of a lean, bass-driven powerpop. [Sep 2009, p.79]"
Spin,59,"As a whole, Eats Darkness feels haphazard in a way that shades into self-indulgence."
Uncut,58,"Through its ups and downs, Eats Darkness keeps plenty of good ideas circulating. Sometimes the band ties them all together, but not often enough."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),58,"No longer satisfied with the kitchen disposal, Eats Darkness just goes ahead and throws in the kitchen sink, tractor, uprooted tree, and any other incongruous items it can find. [Summer 2009, p.96]"
Billboard.com,50,"On their third album, the trio largely abandon the Latin influences of earlier outings for a medium-haul flight back to the more two-dimensional sounds of Canadian indie-rock."
Under The Radar,50,"Normally, with a scattered album weighted with highfalutin concerns like this one, Id say their maker needed a stronger or meatier concept.  But here, for better or worse, I wish that Whiteman would stop writing songs about important things and just focus on writing good songs instead."
Pitchfork,40,"A major disappointment. [Summer 2009, p.64]"

Slant Magazine,80,"The songs here all sound very samey. Not to say it's an easy listen. It's a dark one, and many songs lose themselves in sleepy, drawn-out droning. However, extended jams should be nothing new to those well-versed in the Warlocks catalog"
The New York Times,80,"Though no longer flavour of the month in 'cool' circles, as far as The Warlocks are concerned it's business as usual, and The Mirror Explodes is up there with their finest works to date."
Alternative Press,70,"Hecksher may not have Yorkes falsetto or vast vocal range, but his delivery is sincere, almost as if each word is a plea to understand his expression. Heckshers melancholic state on The Mirror Explodes forces one to sympathize, and ultimately connect with each instrument as its own entity."
Q Magazine,65,"Its a noise-rock album you can play without annoying your friends, but it wont aggravate the Tortoise worshipers in your group, either."
PopMatters,50,"All the riffs, drums, and lyrics seem to struggle against the current of a constant drone, with odd sounds bubbling out of the muddy puddle, yet remaining stagnant, as it were. There is nothing remarkable or striking about this mirrors explosion."
Prefix Magazine,40,"No amount of time with the disc, however, will make The Mirror Explodes any less impenetrable. Apparently, Hecksher just likes his music noisy, druggy and slow. And that doesnt make for a listening experience any more compelling than it sounds."
AllMusic,34,"Druggy records are never all that good when they don't convey anything about the experience other than the blur. That's not to say you couldn't get swept up in The Mirror Explodes' churn under the right influence, but it's not something to inspire the formation of many new memories."

BBC Music,90,"21st Century Breakdown is even better, so masterful and confident it makes Idiot seem like a warm-up."
Austin Chronicle,88,"It could have easily gone any of several wrong ways, but Green Day's punk has long since been tempered with pop's most attractive attributes, and 21stCentury Breakdown, like its predecessor, is unapologetically accessible and relentlessly exhilarating."
Paste Magazine,88,"Its musical and lyrical themes recur without fuss, and each track has its own strong identity that speaks to but isn't weighed down by the larger (and beneficially looser) narrative."
The A.V. Club,83,"Green Day took small steps out of its comfort zone on American Idiot, but Breakdown finds the band going bolder, mixing in elements of mariachi ('Peacemaker') and klezmer ('Viva La Gloria!'). Still, the band members never spend too much time away from their bread and butter: heavily melodic punk."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"Bold, ambitious and revelling in the chaos of the age, 21st Century Breakdown is another perfect document of our times. [Jun 2009, p.114]"
BBC Music,80,"More remarkable than the variety and risk-taking pursued by the band are the melodies themselves."
Spin,80,"It's a state of the union address, an apocalyptic protest album. It also sounds phenomenal."
Alternative Press,80,"The band manages to have 21st Century Breakdown work on a grand scale without losing either their punk or pop roots, which makes the album not only a sequel to 'American Idiot,' but its equal."
cokemachineglow,80,"Were left with a sprawling, obvious, uber-commercial, stoopid punk-pop album that might just stop five million American idiots from voting for a war-mongering Republican baby-slaughterer when they grow up. Works for me."
Pitchfork,80,"The album is a call to arms for the digital age, and 20 years into its career, Green Day's ambition continues to dazzle."
AllMusic,80,"Green Day's latest is a collection of powerful songs worth waiting nearly five years for."
PopMatters,78,"While the third and final act charges toward resolution with supreme fury, 21st Century Breakdown ultimately gets caught between panic and fledging promise."
Under The Radar,75,"Give credit where thrashing, three-chord credit is due, however: No matter how arrested their style and subject matter, Green Day remain remarkably good at high-blast anthems that burrow directly into the pogo-ing, lizard-brain id."
Austin Chronicle,70,"21st Century Breakdown is far from a bad album, and, like Idiot, will likely be the best release this year from such a popular band."
Slant Magazine,70,"As a thinker, Armstrong isn't always comprehensible or original, but he knows how to communicate his frenzied thoughts enjoyably."
Prefix Magazine,70,"While the disc does get bogged down with a little too much force-feeding of the Christian and Gloria characters (just like Idiot's Jimmy and Whatshername), it's a safe bet that the listener will come out the other end having largely enjoyed the last 70 minutes and 18 tracks."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Armstrong's anti-establishment shtick has lost some of its impact. [Jun 2009, p.102]"
PopMatters,60,"Like its predecessor, 21st Century Breakdown delivers less than it promises; its more successful as a rock album than as a rock opera."
AllMusic,60,"Armstrong, bassist Mike Dirnt, and drummer Tr Cool push Idiot's conceits even further on 21st Century Breakdown, a slick, class-obsessed, 70-minute, 18-song, three-act cycle that trades Bush-era indignation for Obama-era resignation."
The New York Times,60,"If it seems a little less bold, a little less surprising than its predecessor, you still wouldn't bet against 21st Century Breakdown repeating its success."
Uncut,60,"The story is hard to follow, but after a few listens the bands rallying cries take shape."
Billboard.com,60,"Such quality care is evident throughout most of Breakdown, and, as such, individual moments positively glisten, even if the widescreen view of Breakdown feels a bit muddled and confused, the whole actually being less than the sum of its parts."
Los Angeles Times,60,"Melodic pop-punk is the point, after all, and on that level its a success. Even with a muddled message, credit is due for the ambition it takes to vent these modern frustrations and break free from the shackles of verse-chorus-verse."
Filter,50,"I don't like right-wing Christianists either. But as every oppressed teen in the right-wing orbit knows full well, they're not as garbled and simplistic as Armstrong's anthems insist."
Spin,50,"Bloated, culturally inconsequential and decidedly average, the net result is a band getting far too high on an over-inflated sense of self-importance to the deafening chimes of cash registers the world over."
NOW Magazine,48,"The performances are blandly professional, because any major-label rock band of Green Day's abilities could shit this stuff out in their sleep, and emotionally inert. This is the crafting of a modern epic as a dreary day-job routine."
Austin Chronicle,40,"Instead of idling into wry balladry of the later works of their obvious idols The Replacements, which would have suited Green Day well, they've affected the airs of Serious Artists. [Jul 2009, p.88]"
AllMusic,40,"It is overbearing, pretentious, huge, and begrudgingly catchy, but most importantly, it unveils a band without direction."
NOW Magazine,40,"Maybe if you've heard one Green Day rock opera, you've heard them all. Anyone who owns American Idiot probably won't need its lesser twin, and those who steered clear won't come groveling for forgiveness."
Uncut,30,"Mostly, the overkill of professionalism just makes me yearn for the early Green Day material I grew up with: sloppy, abrasive, and most importantly, aware of what they can and can't pull off."

Hot Press,100,"Earle, Townes Van Zandt's foremost disciple, gives 15 favorites the kind of carefully considered settings they deserve."
Alternative Press,90,"One of the consistent strong suits of Earles albums has been the duets and backing vocals, and this album is no different, with enriching guest appearances by Tom Morello, his wife Allison Moorer and--a first--his son Justin Townes Earle on the top-rate track 'Mr. Mudd and Mr. Gold.'"
Pitchfork,89,"Townes is unparalleled in its versions of Van Zandt's songs, Earle bringing all the emotional complexity of their association to bear in tones of both joy and regret."
Under The Radar,83,"Townes isnt so much a straightforward covers album as a trip inside Steve Earles experience of listening to, befriending, and trying to be Townes Van Zandt. As such, it may be the most personal album Earle has ever recorded."
PopMatters,80,"While Earle's brawny attack might seem ill-suited to Van Zandt's wistful angst, he does his idol justice on this vibrant covers set, delivering supersonic bluegrass and starry-eyed ballads with the same thoughtful finesse."
Clash Music,80,"Earle also seems acutely aware that its impossible to forage deeper under the skin of these songs than Van Zandt did himself. But hes able to summon the same air of desolation and disquiet by other means."
Q Magazine,80,"The soul of Van Zandt is evident on all of these songs--even in the distorted voice effect on 'Lungs'--but Earle best captures his spirit on 'Colorado Girl,' a high lonesome song with rich acoustic guitar chords and wistful vocals."
Rock Sound,80,"The same anything-goes-attitude, the adherence to all kinds of folk music, whether it's from across oceans, terrains, or alleyways, whether its roots are rural or urban, permeates this recording, making it an Earle record most of all; and that is about as fitting a tribute as there is to Van Zandt."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Every one of these 15 tunes is a living, breathing creature, from the haunting, modal-tinged blues-waltz (with cello) of 'Rake' to the jaunty fingerpicking and mouthy dialogue of 'Mr. Mudd and Mr. Gold' (a duet featuring son Justin Townes Earle) to the eternally elegant Tex-Mex anthem 'Pancho and Lefty.'"
AllMusic,80,"The overall effect is more inline with how Townes made his early albums. [Jun 2009, p.96]"
BBC Music,80,"Earle believes this is one of his best albums; he's not wrong. [Jun 2009, p.132]"
PopMatters,75,"Townes does what a tribute album should do: Earle evokes the essence of the honoree without giving up a smidgen of his own individuality."
Slant Magazine,70,"His voice lacks Van Zandt's sweet frailty, but it brings gruff tenderness to classics like 'To Live Is to Fly.'"
BBC Music,70,"Earle's weathered delivery may differ considerably from the plaintive, tender cocal of Van Zandt, but the new versions of 'Brand New Companion,' 'Colorado Girl,' and 'Where I Lead Me' in particular, are glorious. [Summer 2009, p.74]"
musicOMH.com,63,"While Earle's gruff voice is endearingly effective on his own tales of moral outrage and social empathy, it tends to imbue Van Zandt's deftly detailed songs with an unintentionally dour undercurrent."
The Guardian,53,"Townes, though well intended, shows neither of these formidable artists in his best light."

Mojo,80,"You know everything is going to be OK within seconds of the surging, tidal riffs of Wraithlike, and what follows is simply a fine-tuning of what the Park have done before."
Uncut,70,"Embrace Maximo for being smarter than most or just shimmy along. Either works."
Q Magazine,70,"Quicken The Heart has allowed Maximo Park to showcase all their strengths, some harder, more distorted anthems, and some gentler, livelier ballads."
Clash Music,70,"If anything the songs might be less hungry than on their debut and less nimble than its follow-up, but it is sure-footed and firmly directional and they have no trouble reaching the benchmark they'd previously set themselves."
Dot Music,70,"Throughout the course of Quicken the Heart, Maximo Park prove they still havent rectified their quivering post-punk with the anthems they are concurrently and desperately trying to craft. But despite that conflict, they can still occasionally pull it together long enough to bang out some good ones."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),60,"While Quicken the Heart isn't bad, its slide into the nondescript is certainly disappointing."
Prefix Magazine,60,"They will remain a formidable live proposition, but Maximo Park's third album has to go down as a disappointment--especially given the band's previous high standards."
Uncut,60,"Quicken the Heart sticks rigidly to their formula of nervy rhythms and angular guitars."
musicOMH.com,60,"Quicken The Heart represents Maximo Park settling into a rut, albeit an intermittently attractive one."
Urb,60,"Theres an unshakeable feeling that theyre going through the motions a bit too frequently and that this represents a step backwards for a once fresh and exciting band. Unfortunately, it seems the curse of the third album may have struck again."
Drowned In Sound,60,"There are perky alt-pop nuggests aplenty here, so it's a shame the momentum can't be maintained. [Jun 2009, p.96]"
PopMatters,60,"Essentially, the Hollywood sunshine hasn't changed them. This is probably best, as Smith's eccentricities still elevate Maximo Park above the guitar-pop herd. [Jun 2009, p.128]"
Mojo,60,"There's nothing here as good as 'Nosebleed,' the standout from 2007's 'Our Earthly Pleasures'--but there are still some good points here. [Jun 2009, p.92]"
Spin,58,"Maximo Parks third LP, Quicken The Heart, is equally reassuring--sometimes to the point of tedium."
The A.V. Club,55,"The painstaking introspection here seems to stem from a need to use their success and exposure to deliver some definitive, U2-sized message when really they're so much more relatable when they're awkwardly sorting out their psychological messes on the fly."
Paste Magazine,50,"For an album that so readily cruises along on autopilot, the absence of a satisfying lyrical presence keeps it resolutely sandwiched in the middle of the pile."
musicOMH.com,50,"Maximo Park havent failed with this third LP, not at all--its just that they havent done much of anything."
The New York Times,50,"Flashes of brilliance remain, but consistency has not yet been achieved. [Summer 2009, p.68]"
Chicago Tribune,40,"Quicken The Heart, however, goes nowhere new and hardly bests its predecessor."
Drowned In Sound,40,"It feels as if Smith is drawing from long-gone, innocent, pre-fame events in his life, but as they recede, his stance becomes more wistful and increasingly confused. The music, unfortunately, follows suit."

The Guardian,89,"Consider the Meat Puppets' Sewn Together its 'Young Frankenstein.'"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"The appropriately named Sewn Together finds 50-year-old Curt Kirkwood and his 48-year-old brother Cris Kirkwood crafting mongrel music as fine as anything in the band's catalog."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"They have shed their gormless, drifting amateurism and turned themselves into a classic American pop band. [Aug 2009, p.109]"
BBC Music,75,"It is a dramatic improvement from the first (2007s 'Rise To Your Knees') and a satisfying recapturing of the past."
Boston Globe,75,"After all is said and done, the Meat Puppets have succeeded in making an album that maintains their iconoclastic reputation, but mostly just rocks."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"Sewn Together suggests that the Meat Puppets are following their bliss again, and if it's not quite up to the standards of their classic material, there's no question that it reconnects with the qualities that made them so special."
Mojo,70,"At their best, the Meat Puppets tackle swampy rock, erratic punk, boisterous country, ruminative folk, and seedy psych with equal authority, all while instilling a surreal scent of the desert."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Meat Puppets 2.0 is a more polished, less accidental venture than the original, which isn't necessarily a drawback."
Q Magazine,70,"While its not the glorious shambles we were hoping for, theres a feeling that no matter what rehabilitation they go through, thankfully theyll never lose those magic battle scars."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),61,"So Sewn Together is gently rustic, occasionally (a bit) heavier than you might expect, and ready for any adult-leaning-but-alternative-friendly playlist. It's also pretty bland, and at worst banally melodramatic in ways that suggest the unfortunate arrival of the Meat Puppets power ballad."
Billboard.com,60,"If this was a bands debut album, it would be a nice, pleasant first shot. But with the knowledge of what came before, too much of it sounds toothless or neutered."
Filter,60,"Sewn Together is as winningly tuneful as it is raggedly charming. [Jul 2009, p.95]"
Clash Music,60,"The second album of their third coming aims for the spontaneity of the early recordings, pushing those buried melodies to the surface. [Jul 2009, p.93]"
AllMusic,50,"Although the band remains on an independent label--oddly enough, Megaforce, which wouldnt have touched anything this psychedelic and mellow back in its own heyday--theyve chosen to continue on in a similar 90s-nostalgic vein."

Dot Music,80,"Just 22 minutes long, We Be Xuxa doesn't waste time in proving that Mika Miko can expand on their Cali-punk roots without losing what made them vital in the first place."
PopMatters,80,"Its catchy, committed, prehensile punk rock."
Spin,80,"While not as hybrid as Abe Vigoda nor as melodic as Jay Reatard, these women kick out a place in the musical universe through sheer, happy, blasting audacity."
Uncut,70,"Here, as elsewhere, there may be subtext and hidden allusions but the important stuff is bouncing around on the surface."
Rolling Stone,70,"As it clatters into earshot, the most immediately surprising thing about We Be Xuxa is that it sounds pretty much how youd expect it to, ie confused, teenage and drunk."
Sputnikmusic,65,"For those who like their music brief and stupid-simple (and appreciate the various strains of the punk canon Mika Miko are drawing upon), We Be Xuxa can be plenty of fun."
Austin Chronicle,64,"Xuca keeps the listener at a chasmic distance from anything resembling intensity or urgency."
Under The Radar,63,"Many moments of We Be Xuxa come close to fulfilling the band's Slits-meets-Wipers mania, but much of the record feels so giddily tossed off that one almost wishes for a little sheen."
No Ripcord,60,"Their live shows are always explosive fun, but for the first time, the ladies (and their new dude drummer) capture their rowdy energy in a studio."
NOW Magazine,60,"Songs like 'Turkey Sandwich' are nothing new, exactly, but win out on guts. [Jul 2009, p.91]"
The Boston Phoenix,50,"On record it's just a little flat because it's all about energy and despite occasional flourishes, the songs are a bit underwhelming."
Pitchfork,50,"No one can deny the Los Angeles group's enthusiasm. However as for Mika Miko's album, their creativity seems numbed by monotonous repetition."


Austin Chronicle,90,"They have done many good, verging on excellent records, over the past decade, but only this has the songs and the atmosphere to be placed next to their best albums."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"The collection presents Big Music on a manageable scale, and even if the songs reference fire, water and sky, the long-running Aussie quartet forgoes the kind of sonic grandiosity such subject matter tends to invite."
The A.V. Club,80,"The album is at once sparse yet warm and layered, lush and thick lipped, engorged with beauty. The Church have proven yet again they are masters of dreamy and dark rock, prolific and inventive."
Drowned In Sound,80,"22 albums later, the Church give us one of their very best--meticulously wrought, mildly hallucinatory musicscapes marked by an unrepentant infatuation with fantasy and dreams, serendipity and fear, melancholy and hope."
PopMatters,75,"Minor quibbles aside, Untitled #23 finds The Church doling out sonic pleasures with masterful restraint."
The New York Times,70,"The Church are still producing at a high level, and Untitled #23 is a must for anyone who's followed them this far."

AllMusic,75,"This (slightly) new direction is a fitting complement for the smart-assed menace that made the band such fun in the first place."
Mojo,71,"Willis still viciously circumnavigates his drumkit with authority and adventure. Warren still manhandles a viscous bass tone that he funnels into heavy themes. Kasai adds texture and dimension, augmenting what's there instead of adulterating it."
Q Magazine,60,"Theres something Spinal Tap-ish about the reach for grandeur here--not that its bad exactly, more that it seems not fully justified by the material."
Paste Magazine,40,"Using Shallow and Waterworks as benchmarks, this doesn't even come close; it's glaringly obvious that the addition of a third member has wreaked havoc on the formula."

Pitchfork,80,"Her ability to sound so eccentric yet create music so inherently comfortable is no small feat; by now, we know that wherever she goes to write her albums, and whatever bric-a-brac she ends up playing, the end result is always going to be sublime, and Blood From a Stone is no exception."
Dot Music,80,"Despite being her most superficially conventional work to date it may be her most slow-burning, with less of the bricolage charm that distinguished the earlier work. [May 2009, p.89]"
BBC Music,73,"This is a singer's album, highlighting Hukkelberg's voice above all else."
New Musical Express (NME),72,"While it lacks the propulsive edge of, say, the Knife, Hukkelbergs work has a definite orchestral sense, the hallmark of someone who has listened to her share of Cocteau Twins, which is never a bad thing."
The Guardian,60,"This is a fairly straightforward rock record, to some degree, and its simplicity takes away from those moments in which Hukkelberg thrives."
Rolling Stone,60,"Although those searching for a raised pulse will find the title all too appropriate, Blood From A Stones hushed, held-breath, Cocteau Twins-ish atmosphere is addictive."
Uncut,50,"No one should have expected getting Blood from a Stone to be easy, but it's a shame it had to be this much of a chore."
musicOMH.com,50,"The slow-building songs boast impressive payoffs ('Crack,' 'Seventeen'), and when they have a pulse, they're propellant and poised ('Bandy Riddles,' the 1980s whiff of the title track). In between, however, lays a dense, half-baked haze that makes Blood From a Stone frustrating."
The Boston Phoenix,40,"While album opener 'Midnight Sun Dream' hints at the potential of Hukkelbergs abilities within this new, less experimental-sounding context, the rest of the tracks quickly devolve into a series of anonymous encounters where style trumps substance."

No Ripcord,83,"Enigk still gets into the danger zone occasionally with his lyrics, but for those rooting for a return to form, OK Bear should work perfectly."
Under The Radar,71,"OK Bear is a good album--it won't blow you away, but I get the sense from listening that Enigk is confident enough in his music not to need to blow you away."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Fans of his Sunny Day Real Estate and Fire Theft days should be satisfied here. However, those who cringe at spiritual lyrics that make multiple references to the powers that be (and not as an ironic allusion to the Joss Whedon-verse) may need to look elsewhere."
Los Angeles Times,50,"Enigk's undeniably rich and powerful voice has never sounded better, and his enigmatic lyrics remain resplendent with biblical imagery and magnetic poetry-engineered spiritual vagaries, but in removing the complex arrangements that have haunted nearly every one of his post-Sunny Day projects, he's exposed his weakest batch of songs to date."
Rolling Stone,50,"That penchant for swollen, cathedralsize arrangements--particularly on Coldplaylike cuts 'Late of Camera' and 'In a Look'--is a weakness, but hopefully, Enigk will learn to shake it off in favor of leaner renditions of his winning, winsome tunes."

BBC Music,80,"They will need to move on eventually, but for now Bricolage are just fine doing what they are doing, and their debut delivers on the promise of their early singles and then some. Edwyn (and Vic and James) should be proud."
Boston Globe,60,"The band clearly understands what their strengths are, and the decision to continuously return to them, keeping the songs simple, short, and straightforward, staves off boredom while covering very little territory."
AllMusic,60,"But for all its shortcomings, Bricolage is at least well intentioned and definitely well executed--frenetic, tightly instrumented, and performed with aplomb."
Billboard.com,60,"Throughout, however, the record teeters on the brink of Postcard Records pastiche, with Graham Wann's wavering vocals and the record's constant references to omnibuses and sixth-form poets threatening to buckle its charms."
NOW Magazine,50,"Stuart Murdoch loves Felt, but his records didnt ape its sound. The members of Bricolage (wherever they are) could take a lesson from its fellow Glaswegian."
Slant Magazine,30,"Bricolage is as a sometimes fun but mostly ambitionless and unnecessary project."

No Ripcord,80,"Its sickeningly impressive. Yes, Coxons stormed through the Davey Graham Advanced Finger-Picking Guide but he hasnt forgotten to flip it over and write some of his best ever songs."
Los Angeles Times,80,"The Spinning Top, a really very enjoyable record, displays some of the finest aspects of the guitarists talents, but chief among them, those that pertain to Coxon the folkie, and acoustic guitar stylist."
Billboard.com,80,"With only the confidence that kind of young, pure, unambiguous love can provide, he felt comfortable enough to produce one of his most honest, unabashed, unpretentious, and downright joyful records."
Revolver,70,"Indulgent though it may be, it's easily his best. And despite an unfeasibly craggy production job, the rambling arrangements and recurrent references to nature and the elemental give it the feel of a dusty, long lost prog-folk curio."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Once again produced by Stephen Street, Coxon has created a work full of guileless charm with a deceptive simplicity that masks some intricate musicianship, while its English pastoral ambience is interleaved with some more exotic influences."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"Though the guitarist has flirted with folk before (notably on 2001's 'Crow Sit on Blood Tree') never has he done so with such inventiveness or, as 'Look Into the Light' and 'In the Morning' illustrate, such charm."
AllMusic,60,"Graham Coxon has left behind his early Jam-meets-Syd-meets-Billy Childish thrashings and his more petulant little-boy-lost vocals, and recorded an album seemingly inspired by Paul Weller's '22 Dreams.' [Jun 2009, p.98]"
PopMatters,47,"Street produces again, and Robyn Hitchcock is among the guests, but even they can't make up for repetitive, one-dimensional songs--mostly sleepy folk, occasionally fuzzy psych."
Q Magazine,40,"Too many of Coxon's conceptual songs are crucified on the cross of his man-child voice, neither weird enough to beguile nor strong enough to hold your attention. [Jun 2009, p.124]"

Alternative Press,100,"With engaging songwriting, creative instrumentation and melodically special music, not only is Actor everything we imagined it would be but Clark has redefined the definition of pop music."
Uncut,100,"Actor is a uniquely potent cocktail of sounds and moods that'll get you hooked, fast."
AllMusic,91,"Mostly, as Actor demonstrates, St. Vincent has found her own voice--and its one you wouldnt want reading your kids any bedtime stories."
Alternative Press,90,"Her voice seems small and fragile, but it's her most effective instrument, and it affixes a tight lynchpin to the album's broadly creative themes, leaving it glistening with ghostly elegance."
No Ripcord,90,"Everything is that much thicker, more weathered, generously exaggerated and significantly less innocent. It pays increasing attention to composition and classy song structures and yet more to pulling them apart and lassoing passing listeners with the strands."
PopMatters,85,"With that in mind, the album is perfectly titled, as Actor proves St. Vincent as an artist capable of crafting believable, complicated characters with compassion, insight, and exacting skill."
Pitchfork,82,"Like an unsettling dream, Actor will stay with you for quite a while, but it isnt listeners or critics that will be discomfited by the eccentric sophistication here."
cokemachineglow,82,"To put it plainly, Actor is St. Vincent's doe-eyed awakening. [Spring 2009, p.94]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"Her second album is rowdier and less well-behaved, and thus better, although the template is the same: breathy coos and lush strings intermittently blown apart by distorted guitar blasts."
Rock Sound,80,"On first listen it feels like the musical equivalent of doodling a massive cock-and-balls on a Rembrandt, but eventually this reveals itself as the first moment of compositional brilliance on an album packed full of them."
The New York Times,80,"Quite eponymously, the album is a grand performance, and one whose stagecraft is the sole work of a brilliant ringmaster in Clark."
Drowned In Sound,80,"She's always juxtaposed the cruel and the kind, and here, the baroque arrangements are even more complex and her voice even prettier, with both only underlining the dark currents running through her songs."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"While Actors best moments may not reach the same high points as Marry Mes, its an even more cohesive effort, and one that I havent tired of after countless listens."
Prefix Magazine,80,"You won't glean much more about those people and places than you knew going in, but Clark's strange angles and fanciful settings pack a visceral punch."
Q Magazine,80,"This is some of Saint Vincent's most complicated music, but its fearless creativity rewards repeated listening, as Clark has few rivals when it comes to seducing ears and challenging minds at the same time."
Dot Music,80,"Between the organic and artificial sounds found in Actor, St. Vincents voice melts the two clashing styles into a divinely pleasurable experience."
Drowned In Sound,80,"For all the darkness of Actor's concerns, however, it remains an exceptionally pleasurable album to listen to."
musicOMH.com,80,"It's the detail and charm listeners have come to expect mixed with these welcome surprises that keep Actor exciting."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"A stunningly audacious second album, inspired equally by prime Prince and film soundtracks, and reminiscent of Jane Siberry's prog-pop ambition circa 'The Walking.' [Jun 2009, p.103]"
Alternative Press,77,"Here, Clarks lyrics are less overtly clever than on her debut, and theyre more deeply buried in layers of her spastic instrumentation. Nonetheless, they suggest a subtle, abstract intelligence."
Rock Sound,70,"Whats surprising is just how nuanced that performance is, because Actor marks no huge departures her work on Marry Me, but it still manages to constantly surprise, always meshing the earthen with the industrial in strange and compelling ways."
AllMusic,70,"Beneath the plushness of her terrific second album there are drolleries, black humor, a cosmopolitan's jaundiced take on romance."
Spin,67,"A few songs could slim down, but the star gets in and out of her dream sequences seamlessly, already thinking of her next line."
Q Magazine,60,"Though less immediate than debut 'Marry Me,' Actor is full of charm, picking its way through disorienting rhythm changes and peculiar progressions."
Revolver,60,"When dissected, there's brilliance to be found in the instrumentation, but it's numbing to listen to the tracks in succession because their most striking quality is ornamentation. [Spring 2009, p.68]"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"Those with the patience for deft songwriting willl want to wait for her."
Alternative Press,60,"Occasionally it drifts a little too aimlessly, as if recorded under the dulling influence of Prozac, but when she gets it right, she can be entirely, weirdly riveting. [Jun 2009, p.131]"

Under The Radar,80,"As the vocals get filthier, the beats get glitchier and it still consistently exudes class."
Pitchfork,80,"This is easily the most danceable record shes produced. Surprisingly, the weakest tracks are those that sound most like the electro-rap weve come to expect from her; fortunately, theyre in the minority this time out."
PopMatters,80,"Ever the self-conscious transgressor, Peaches presents herself as both exceptional and mutable."
Prefix Magazine,80,"There are also plenty of moments that aren't groundbreaking, but still show that Merill Nisker has a lot to say about sex, music, and pop culture nearly a decade after Teaches of Peaches was released."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"I Feel Cream is a force of positive motion that addresses criticism with the sonic equivalent of a bitch slap."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Whatever their inspiration, new cuts like the oddly pretty 'Lose You' and 'Billionaire,' the latter of which features a fiery cameo from Shunda K of Yo Majesty, throb with unexpected vitality."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Fabulous. [Jun 2009, p.98]"
AllMusic,80,"High art, low humour and deluxe filth: a hugely seductive combination. [Jun 2009, p.95]"
Delusions of Adequacy,75,"At times the minimalist compositions expose her limited range, but no one should be listening to Peaches for the pitch-defying melismas."
PopMatters,73,"Ultimately, even when she veers into previously unexplored aesthetic territory, every track feels just like Peaches, which is rather remarkable given how rigid and predictable she had been in the recent past."
Under The Radar,70,"Like most extreme acts, this trash-talking MC's strengths are best showcased in wham-bam singles. To sustain interest between fourth-album climaxes, the Berlin-based sleaze queen collaborates with London's Simian Mobile Disco."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"Okay, maybe age has softened Peaches a tad, but if I Feel Cream is the result, it sounds more compelling and radical than any number of new iterations of 'sucking on my titties.'"
Slant Magazine,70,"I Feel Cream is pretty good but at the end of the day, it is a transitional album."
Filter,70,"I Feel Cream is a fun and worthwhile album, though is unlikely to change any minds about Peaches. Fortunately, that also means she shows no signs of losing her touch."
AllMusic,70,"The notoriously hardcore sexual aggressor has swapped strap-ons for sentiment and turned all flaccid in the process,
PopMatters,and guess what: its quite...nice."
Under The Radar,70,"I Feel Cream is Peaches' most pop-leaning album to date, though it doesn't comprise. [Spring 2009, p.67]"
AllMusic,67,"I Feel Cream feels subdued and safe, a less-than-inspiring move for an artist who made her name by being neither."
Pitchfork,60,"Cream is a victim of the times, no more than a mere face in a pop culture marketplace crowded with sexual aggrandizing and salacious controversy. The kind of antics Peaches has built her career on--pushing and pulling at the accepted boundaries, tongue-in-cheek shock value--are now a common rite of passage for artists pushing their edgy shtick."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Ideology aside, this is a diverse album that retains her trademark dirty electro but on collaborations with Simian Mobile Disco still delights."
NOW Magazine,60,"Ultimately, Peaches shows herself developing, late in her career, but unlikely to infiltrate the market she's targeted."
Austin Chronicle,60,"Though it hits only a few different notes, Peaches' bawdy pop feels like a refreshing breath of filthy air."
Pitchfork,60,"She might be too rude for mainstream fame, but the synthesis of blood and electricity is bracing, even if the title's far less funny than previous albums. [Jun 2009, p.130]"

AllMusic,100,"With Spoils, Alasdair Roberts has delivered his finest work to date. [May 2009, p.95]"
Prefix Magazine,80,"There is a clarity of musical and lyrical vision here that is rarely found in modern music."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Part-Incredible String Band, part- Lal Waterson, but mostly magnificently unique."
Drowned In Sound,80,"A Scottish singer-songwriter with a number of spare and lovely folk albums, Alasdair Roberts goes for the mad prophetic gusto on the strange and visionary Spoils."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Its successor emanates a similarly yeasty authenticity, stretching songs into epic ballads, its acoustic guitars, bass and drums ornamented by a lattice of deftly plucked and strummed things. [May 2009, p.105]"
BBC Music,80,"The way Roberts' often high-pitched brogue wraps itself around sentences is pretty as hell; his voice has never sounded better, nor has it been recorded this clearly before."
musicOMH.com,80,"Not only, then, is Spoils a splendid introduction to Alasdair Roberts repertoire, it is also a fine way to get your feet wet in the British Folk kingdom."
The Guardian,76,"Despite the cool harpsichords, glockenspiels, flutes and dulcimers, its Roberts mournful voice that leads the songs to their rightful resting places."
Q Magazine,70,"There are plenty of fine moments in all the songs, whether it's a sudden burst of harmonies, or unexpected instrumental flourishes, from behind the singer."
Dot Music,70,"Though it doesnt hit the peaks of No Earthly Man, his 2005 foray into the pure history of the ballad, Spoils easily holds its own."
Mojo,70,"While homegrown folkies such as Laura Marling are happy to lose themselves in twanging bluegrass and Americana, its refreshing to hear a Brit ploughing up our own verdant folk history. Scot troubadour Alasdair Roberts does just that."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Spoils contains enough perverse and engaging lyrical quirks to make it worthy of investigation, and who can resist lines like: And heres the dowry of the leper/ A walnut shell and a peck of pepper (from 'Hazel Forks')."
New Musical Express (NME),62,"Spoils delivers a series of eight meandering folktales, which wouldn't be out of place in a pub, and more likely borne from your average drunkard than a drunkard literary giant. [Spring 2009, p.106]"
PopMatters,40,"Roberts is then left essentially targeting an audience obsessed with novelty, but his ammunition is weak."

Filter,86,"In short, arguably for the first time, Oberst gives us an album rife with liveliness--and it sounds like he had a damn good time making it."
PopMatters,83,"Oberst just sounds more energized than he has in years on Outer South, while still producing songs that roll out smoothly, buoyed by catchy choruses, memorable lines, and some of the most spirited singing and playing of his career."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Minor criticisms aside, however, Outer South is an enjoyable, relaxed album that contains some of Oberst's best work."
Chicago Tribune,80,"Oberst himself seems swept up in the motion--he's dropped his vocal affectations, his grandiose couplets, he's happy to be leading a group that feels like a band of brothers--one that might not always sing in the same voice, but share a sensibility, something that gives Outer South a big human heart."
Los Angeles Times,80,"In many ways, Outer South feels almost like a coming of age for Oberst. His voice is way stronger than it has been in the past."
Pitchfork,80,"Decamping to Mexico with a gang of musician friends and collaborating in songwriting as well as performance has made for Conor Oberst's most colourful, upbeat record so far. [Jun 2009, p.100]"
The A.V. Club,80,"It remains to be seen whether this is a long-term diversion for Oberst. But if the Mystic Valley Band is just a brief stop, it's a hugely enjoyable one all the same. [Jun 2009, p.129]"
Uncut,75,"Fans used to the intimacy of Oberst's earlier work may be flummoxed by the collaborative Traveling Wilburys vibe here, but they'll find it again on the elegant, mournful 'White Shoes.'"
Under The Radar,70,"Predictably, however, this six-piece are best at backing their boss with a road-seasoned mix of meaty jangle and whirring Sixties-Dylan organ."
BBC Music,70,"As is often the case when a rarefied musician enjoys themself too much though, this is a wildly self-indulgent
The Guardian,release; 16-tracks which veer between excellent and average."
AllMusic,64,"It's unexpectedly novel...and predictably disjointed. [Spring 2009, p.92]"
Spin,60,"The band's contributions are low points on this 16-track epic, but Oberst proves as iconoclastic as ever."
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"It mostly works: Shave a couple of the non-Conor tracks and it'd sit comfortably with his best."
Rolling Stone,60,"Oberst's contributions are superior, though only the stark, haunting 'White Shoes' and darkly beautiful 'I Got the Reason #2' are from anywhere near his top drawer."
cokemachineglow,60,"The good news for Bright Eyes fans who found the first Mystic Valley Band album to mannered: The new one restores some fire to Oberst's belly. The bad news: There's less Oberst this time around. [Spring 2009, p.67]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"Outer South is a decently stocked serving of rambling, saloon-joint alt-country, but one that finds the freewheeling Oberst and band in need of a little focus."
Slant Magazine,60,"The resulting LP is a shambling, intermittently engaging sprawl, the songs jammed with verbiage, the lead vocals spread among the principals, most of whom make Oberst's frayed, wobbly singing seem Bono-esque by comparison. The LP's saving grace is the dexterous playing of the ensemble. [Jun 2009, p.95]"
Mojo,50,"While many of the tracks on Outer South have potential, nearly all of these songs sound like they could have benefited from a bit more time in the oven."
Q Magazine,50,"It feels a little too soon for this overstuffed, 16-song collection where Oberst's cutting social commentary is dropped into a maelstrom of charging guitars and barroom backing vocals."
No Ripcord,50,"The 16 songs vary in tone, from grease-and-nicotine-stained jams to spit-shined ballads, but too little of it is adroit enough in construction or execution to stick in the craw."
PopMatters,50,"The result is an album that's unfortunately baggy and sodden with filler, which could have benefited from a little less camaraderie and a little more revision."
The A.V. Club,50,"While Outer South may represent a step back from last years work, it is perhaps another step forward for Oberst in terms of his evolution as an artist."
Pitchfork,49,"Perhaps it's partly a factor of Oberst's essential attention-grabbing nature, but none of these gentlemen offers up a composition that snags the ear better than the most mundane effort from their fearless leader."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),40,"Outer South is too long, too uninteresting, and too uninspired to be anything better than not good at all."
Alternative Press,40,"Too often it feels as if theyre all going through the motions, opting to play it safe, while Oberst himself seems bored and uninterested."

NOW Magazine,90,"Both 'Meek Warrior' and 'Love Is Simple' are strong albums, but theres a sense of unfulfillment in them--Akron/Family seems to be testing itself in new areas rather than completing a task. On new album Set Em Wild, Set Em Free, though, that changes, as the band delivers a masterpiece."
Clash Music,90,"On their fourth album, Set 'Em Wild, Set 'Em Free, they've simultaneously intensified and refined that blend, even as they've shaved off one of their original four members."
Drowned In Sound,83,"In the Akron/Family universe, disorder is part of the order, and Set Em Wild advances that yin-yang philosophy through music that binds disparate genres through an expansive imagination and force of will."
musicOMH.com,80,"Seemingly undaunted, Seth Olinsky, Miles Seaton, and Dana Janssen recruited engineer and co-producer Chris Koltay, and enlisted nine other musicians to create the most far-reaching, margin-breaking set of the band's career to date."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Mood-wise, theres less of the unhinged joy of their last outing, 'Love Is Simple.' However, those moments of ecstasy have more power in smaller doses, and making that choice has allowed them to expand their palette while retaining their identity."
Rock Sound,80,"On Set Em Wild, Set Em Free, the band has produced something practical, with less clutter, and many times better."
Prefix Magazine,80,"This album veers all over the place, but it's united by spotless production, eerie control and a confidence that's well deserved."
BBC Music,80,"Despite all of these positives, and no real negatives to be found, Set Em Wild, Set Em Free isnt quite a perfect work--its much too clunky, much too unorganized to be considered as such--but its a considerable record, one thats sure to remain a highlight of this decades final chapter and afterwards."
No Ripcord,80,"The trio's first steps are unquestionably firm. [Spring 2009, p.64]"
Mojo,80,"The end result just about captures the riotous, magical bustle of their live shows, so seek it out. [Jun 2009, p.101]"
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Seriously good stuff. [Jun 20009, p.134]"
Filter,80,"Even though the album may be too erratic to cohere into anything thematic, its eccentricities do an excellent job of keeping it interesting."
Spin,79,"Akron/Family are in a state of constant flux, ever changing, so Set Em Wild, Set Em Free strikes me as no great sea change (no more than usual, anyway). Its just the latest iteration of a band thats never twice the same."
Under The Radar,75,"This is the work of artists confident enough to embrace a sound that makes them happy."
Paste Magazine,70,"This album takes major steps beyond its predecessor, 'Love Is Simple.' It adds a streak of joyful African funk, with sputtery rhythms and guitar curlicues."
Billboard.com,70,"Its a bold album, even in its prettiest, most pastoral moments."
Rolling Stone,70,"Here they expand their primarily folky sound, importing rhythms from abroad and morphing electronic ticks and stutters into a field of chirping crickets."
cokemachineglow,70,"Set Em Wild, more so than many albums like this, at least has the quasi-coherence of forming out of the above-mentioned process, and if anything, that makes it more interesting than just a collection a songs."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"The group stays true to its avant-garde musical roots with Set 'Em Wild, Set 'Em Free, the noisier, louder follow-up to 2007's 'Love Is Simple.'"
The Guardian,70,"Fans of Animal Collective will be familiar with the expressive freak-out moments here, but Akron/Family are secretly far more at home nestled somewhere between Fleet Foxes and Led Zep in your collection."
Q Magazine,70,"The trio's skronky bits and folksy mannerisms are in place, often found competing within the confines of a single song. [Spring 2009, p.96]"
AllMusic,64,"The band's now-routine gospel-like chanting grows tiresome by album end (they miss Vanderhoof's vocals), and, as was expected, Set Em Wild doesn't necessarily expand the band's sound so much as further splinter their interest."
Uncut,60,"On the fifth album this East Coast trio make it patently clear this is not the same band whose 2005 debut placed them in the rustic shadow of former Young God Records labelmate Devendra Banhart. [Jun 2009, p.83]"
The Boston Phoenix,50,"I doubt theyll be circling back to the sound I felt so strongly about, but even the mildly frustrating Set Em Wild, like all the bands records, has songs Ill be listening to for years to come."
Lost At Sea,50,"What emerges from Set em Wild, Set em Free is the realization that Akron/Family is maddeningly unknowable and, essentially, a product of all these influences rolled up into one gigantic, take-it-or-leave-it stringball."

The A.V. Club,83,"Harper's new band makes a fabulous racket, and the singer himself sounds reenergized on the soulful likes of 'Lay There and Hate Me.'"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"This is the record that finally matches the excitement Harper generates in a live setting and is not to be missed."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Harper leaves a few arrows unstrung from his deep musical quiver here, but the ones he fires all seem to hit their mark."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Ben Harper is that rare talent able to not only vacation in the worlds of gospel, soul, folk and even reggae, but meld them gracefully together on both album and stage. But sometimes you just want him to rock, like he did on 1995's 'Ground on Down.' And at long last, he's assembled a new band that seems dedicated to just that, and it's a beautiful thing."
Paste Magazine,70,"The result is a restless hybrid that never completely settles into the groove that has defined the singer and guitarist's best albums."
Prefix Magazine,70,"The chops are there but not always the songs. Still, its a committed rock album and, generally, a fun one--excellent fuel for the summer festival dates Harper has booked."
Pitchfork,70,"White Lies for Dark Times is a strong, rocking record that certainly pays homage to a time when rocking mattered more than record sales, and a time when some would say music was at its best."
Boston Globe,67,"Harper achieves the illusive balance of willful positivism and skeptical sentimentality in low-lit anthem 'Up to You Now' and the fuzz guitar, jam-band crush of 'Shimmer & Shine.' His sharp turns of phrase still cut deepest when he's seething from the scorn of a woman."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"The lack of originality on White Lies for Dark Times is a major hindrance, but the execution of these stylistic pastiches by Harper and Relentless7 is so dead-on that it's easy to appreciate the record on its own modest terms."
AllMusic,60,"The acoustic neo-folk ditties that made his name are deployed in the form of 'Faithfully Remain' and 'Skin Thin,' but the heavy side of Harper makes for a welcome detour. [Jun 2009, p.102]"
Slant Magazine,60,"This is a record so drenched in Vietnam War-era blues rock you can all but smell the patchouli and napalm, and though 'Why Must You Always Dress In Black' may be his most shameless Hendrix-rip-off to date, it is nevertheless a convincing one. [Jun 2009, p.124]"
cokemachineglow,60,"The noise is welcome, but Harper can be a graceless vocalist, and his songs about crumbling relationships strain for significance amid pronouncements like 'I'm serenaded by a chorus of a thousand burning cigarettes.'"
Spin,50,"The fact that the album's best moments are in the details--a fiery lick, a wailing vocal ad-lib--speaks to the singer-guitarist's recurring problems: secondhand song structures and little to say beyond self-helpy reiterations of lyrical beatitudes."
Uncut,50,"White Lies For Dark Times succeeds when cool and carefree; when the album ups the energy, however, its channeled through the formulaic licks found at on any average summer-festival circuit, suggesting Lifelines high standards were an anomaly."

Alternative Press,100,"Its just solid, classic Dolls, with all the swagger, muscle, righteous kitsch, and ballsy defiance you expect, plus some new twists."
Under The Radar,91,"The fourth Dolls album and second of their second life is the first one that's less than epochal. Not all the tunes are surefire."
BBC Music,83,"Cause I Sez So isnt on the same plane as the Dolls early work--referenced directly by a curious, slowed-down reggae lope through their self-titled debuts 'Trash'--but its no embarrassment, either."
Clash Music,80,"Cause I Sez So is clearly David Johansen's album, and it's a great showcase for one of the great rock singers of his generation. But is it the New York Dolls? Well, that's what it says on the front cover, and if the sound is different, the 'Whatsit to You?' spirit of this set is as keen as ever, and that counts for a lot with these guys."
No Ripcord,80,"With a dual guitar attack that's resolutely old-school but lyrics that often take on contemporary subject matter, Sez So has heart, soul, and swagger to spare."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"The unlikely resurrection of the New York Dolls is solidified by this second recent album, an output that now matches in quantity and mirrors in quality their epic early-'70s sprint."
musicOMH.com,80,"Their second with this new line up comes up trumps again. [Jun 2009, p.104]"
PopMatters,72,"'Cause I Sez So is true to the album's title--cocky, purposefully cretinous and rude as hell."
NOW Magazine,70,"Now at ease with their legacy, the New York Dolls have allowed themselves to break free from the stifling constraints of their name. Even if the musics a bit different, the spirits still there."
Billboard.com,67,"Long shots this winning are rare, but 'Cause I Sez So pays off in spades."
Q Magazine,60,"Even if the strut is more tentative and the recollections come with a twinge of regret, Cause I Sez So is certainly one for the ages."
Drowned In Sound,60,"The reconstituted New York Dolls stack up awfully well against the original Seventies band, whose glam rock inspired thousands of acts."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Aside from a couple of visceral rockers like the title track and Better Than You, Cause is dominated by mid-tempo blues jams."
Rolling Stone,60,"For anyone familiar with these progenitors of glam punk, 'Cause I Sez So won't surprise. [Jul 2009, p.130]"
Austin Chronicle,60,"Against considerable odds--'Cause I Sez So is a bit of a hoot. [Jun 2009, p.95]"
Dot Music,50,"Sez So doesn't particularly benefit from the brighter light. It's all fun and harmless garage blooze--the bottom-heavy slow-burn 'My World' is a standout--but it's ultimately as trifling as their '73 debut was essential."
Mojo,40,"No such luck on 'Cause I Sez So, an album that, despite a few bright spots, is too flimsy and forgettable to honor the Dolls' legacy."

The Guardian,100,"If The Horrors began as a Halloween novelty, Primary Colours is like a twisted ending right out of the Twilight Zone--a hype beast that turned out to be a real monster."
Hot Press,100,"The Horrors instead set out to redefine the band and its purpose, their second album an exciting result."
The A.V. Club,90,"Primary Colours is a reminder that young British bands can actually progress to brilliant new heights, and perhaps, just perhaps, the occasional surprise in these media saturated times isnt as endangered a beast as previously thought."
Slant Magazine,90,"If there's a more surprising album this year, we'll be, er, um, surprised; Primary Colours is one of the best albums of 2009 so far."
Clash Music,90,"Time will tell how Primary Colours stands up to the likes of 'Loveless' or 'Psychocandy,' but right now, this feels like the British art-rock album weve all been waiting for."
Drowned In Sound,83,"The Horrors have gone from terrifying to haunting, an effect that lingers far longer."
musicOMH.com,80,"Even at their most ordinary, they now sound like the Psychedelic Furs featuring Kevin Shields, which is no bad thing. But the biggest surprise, given their prior commitment to brevity, is how fully they inhabit the longer songs."
XLR8r,80,"Like the rest of Primary Colours, this is the sound of a band finding themselves out of favor and having to really strive for greatness. The Horrors will still have a hard time winning over new converts, but theyve done a magnificent job of confounding expectations with this release."
AllMusic,80,"While it'd be ridiculously premature to cast The Horrors as the future of anything, this is a bold and often brilliant step in that direction."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"The Horrors are operating at a way more advanced level, dragging rock, feedback-drenched, electronic and electrifying, into a new decade. [Jun 2009, p.101]"
Lost At Sea,80,"It seems they've raised their game in hallucinogenic style. [Jun 2009, p.135]"
Pitchfork,80,"The quintet's transformation from schlocky garage urchins to ambassadors of thrilling new-wave can largely be attributed to Portishead's Geoff Barrow, who, alongside Chris Cunningham, produced 'Primary Colours,' uncovering a formidable band beneath the haircuts. [Jun 2009, p.86]"
Prefix Magazine,76,"The Horrors' shoegazer makeover aside, the real story here is Badwan's growing confidence as a singer, and his willingness to sound more scared than scary. Primary Colours loses its radiance when he reverts back to bogeyman type."
BBC Music,71,"The pure emotion and aggressiveness isnt suppressed or transformed into something else, but rather just given room for some thought, allowed to open itself up and find the strange flowers within."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"As bold and listenable as it is, Primary Colours is occasionally scattered, giving the impression that the band is trying on different sounds for size--although the fact that most of it works so well is actually more surprising than how different it is than their earlier work."
Rock Sound,70,"Primary Colours doesn't hit its stride until the very end, however, with the title track and the 'Sea Within A Sea,' where at times it feels like there is no sight of land. [Summer 2009, p.66]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Against all odds, and for no earthly reason at all, these London goth-punk fashion plates suddenly sound as demented and hungry as they look."
PopMatters,60,"The result boasts an admirably moody menace, but lacks the debut's darkly comic drive."
NOW Magazine,50,"At times exhausting, at other times exhilarating, Primary Colours is more an experience than an album and, despite its flaws, one that deserves to be heard."

Urb,100,"His arrangement choices are flawless. While guitar stays front and centre, piano, strings, group vocals and slide guitar make fleeting, effective appearances."
Mojo,91,"Screw the band name, McBean is a temporal writer, and he channels his unique vision into equal parts regardless of his color-coded outfit. It's a bold and brash move that is working wonders thus far."
Q Magazine,91,"A bit more raucous and a hell of a lot more cohesive than 2006s 'Axis of Evol,' Outside Love finds frontman Stephen McBean (who also leads Black Mountain) continuing to rewrite the 1960s, with much improved results."
Under The Radar,80,"The lethargic energy of 'Come Down' precedes the smartly sequenced title track and country twanged 'And I Thank You,' Outside Loves duel highpoints the perfect culmination of its previous output."
cokemachineglow,80,"Outside Love is brilliant, disturbing and powerful."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Outside Love offers up the best and worst that life has to offer, with love and hate locked in an eternal struggle. It makes the Pink Mountaintops the perfect complement to Black Mountain's lyrical and musical heft."
Paste Magazine,80,"Its perhaps not the best month to be showing such unabashed love for Phil Spector, but timing aside, this is an outstanding album."
Spin,80,"This, then, is A-grade rock'n'roll--profound, damaged, brimming with wondrous dreams. [Jun 2009, p.104]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"What makes Outside Love most compelling is that grim sort of optimism, delivered through a well-crafted sound that is as sedated as it is passionate, and simple as it is profound."
No Ripcord,76,"For the most part, Outside Love distinguishes itself as a record of singular quality. [Spring 2009, p.97]"
Uncut,74,"Where previous Pink Mountaintops releases sounded a bit tossed off and crudely drawn, Outside Love is an intricately illustrated affair, built out of druggy walls of guitar feedback, reverb-drenched male/female vocals, and leaden drum splashes."
New Musical Express (NME),73,"With Outside Love, McBean takes this theme on an adventurous journey to surprising heights, and the fully realized sound allows his ideas more room to breathe."
Austin Chronicle,70,"Outside Love, two years later, is another solid effort with a handful of quite good songs--and only a few embarrassing ones."
Spin,70,"The albums cover depicts a romance novel on crushed velvet, which should set off the archness alarm. But theres an honest ache in several tunes."
Uncut,70,"Outside Love is more consistent and more ambitious than its predecessors. [Spring 2009, p.67]"
Filter,60,"Its always hard to see McBean through all that hair, and its tough to hear him in Black Mountain over all that axe-ripping, but on Outside Love he puts himself a little further out there, giving us a new picture of him as not just a riff-master, but also a solid songwriter."
musicOMH.com,60,"This is a solid collection of pop-tunes, but not for connoisseurs."
Under The Radar,60,"Outside Love presents a collection of dramatic, heart-on-sleeve love songs. [Jun 2009, p.130]"
PopMatters,60,"The suspicion remains, though that heavy cosmic rock is probably the best vehicle for his apocalyptic romances. [Jun 2009, p.99]"
Drowned In Sound,50,"Though McBean, who also leads Vancouver spliff-rockers Black Mountain, invites a slew of guests with diverse musical associations (Jackie-O Motherfucker, Thee Silver Mt. Zion, Whiskeytown), the album still yawns with homogeneous campfire acoustics."
Pitchfork,40,"Essentially, the band only seems to have bit off a little more than could be chewed, and Outside Love feels like a slight misstep."

Prefix Magazine,80,"While Yusuf (formerly known as Cat Stevens) officially returned to the pop world in 2006 with the welcomed 'An Other Cup,' his re-entry has only now been fully realized with the thoroughly engaging Roadsinger (To Warm You Through the Night)."
Mojo,80,"Roadsinger really does pick up where Cat Stevens left off back in the late '70s. [Jun 2009, p.103]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Yusuf explains in a public statement published on his MySpace page, painting pictures with music and storytelling on a very human, personal, intuitive level through lyrics and song, so I can help people feel good again. With Roadsinger, he achieves that goal with magnificent results."
The A.V. Club,70,"Roadsinger is an utterly solid catalog entry under either his adopted spiritual name or his former one. Longtime fans will not be disappointed, and the rest of us should take note, too, because this kind of songcraft is seldom come by anymore."
Billboard.com,70,"When you think of Islam's best music, you think of his talent for direct communication, often with just a guitar to help him out--and those are the moments where Roadsinger comes alive."
cokemachineglow,67,"The artist formerly known as Cat Stevens hasn't lost his knack for melody. But with clunkers like ''When I hold your hand I could fly a zillion miles with you,'' he could use a lyrical refresher course."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Moments of delight, such as 'Thinking About You,' are few, though 'Boots and Sand', about Yusuf being refused entry to the US, labours hard to inject levity."
musicOMH.com,60,"Roadsinger is a crowd-pleaser, hewing to Yusuf's classic sound in tight, sweet ballads like 'Welcome Home,' which pushes his acoustic guitar and ragged voice to the foreground."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Roadsinger is an improvement on his patchy 2006 comeback 'An Other Cup.' [Jun 2009, p.135]"

No Ripcord,100,"Isiss four previous full-lengths have clear story arcs, but Wavering Radiants themes are open to interpretation, giving it added appeal. Close to perfect."
The Guardian,90,"Whether trading in power chords or atmospheric overlays, the band excels at transforming emotions into thrilling sounds, palpable awe, and tangible dread. This is metal played at its arresting best."
PopMatters,90,"As snobbish as that may sound, you have to lose yourself in Wavering Radiant to hear and feel the big picture."
Spin,85,"Easily the band's most accessible effort, hipsters and headbangers will likely agree it's also their most intricately imagined."
NOW Magazine,80,"Wavering Radiant works as a single piece of music rather than a series of songs, and it is cohesively played by an ensemble that is more interested in the dark majesty of metal than its potential for expressing anger."
Mojo,80,"Songs are still suite-sized, but this is the toughest and catchiest Isis record since their 1999 debut full-length, 'Celestial.'"
Under The Radar,80,"To attempt to rank Wavering Radiant within the Isis discography is to miss this point. Fans of earlier releases will likely be disappointed but if this record proves anything, it's that Isis are a fully-functioning organism, slowly moving towards something not yet known by the listener and perhaps not even the band themselves."
Paste Magazine,80,"There are still the Cro-Magnon howls and monumental riffing matched against maudlin post-rock workouts that you expect from the Californian five-piece, but the songs seem more considered, focused and, well, catchy than before."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"The output of Isis, a Los Angeles band often filed under the subcategory of post-metal, upholds a deliberative truce between brute physicality and moody rumination. Wavering Radiant, the groups impressive new album, satisfies both sides in a way that suggests a balance of prior achievements."
Lost At Sea,80,"It probably will never be regarded in the same light as Isiss first three albums (the older a metal band gets, the better their early albums become in the minds of fans), but Wavering Radiant exudes a level of grace that could only come from true masters of the sound, further proof that while they played a large role in setting the template, they also reserve the right to reshape it whenever they damn well please."
BBC Music,80,"Its a proper album, in the sense that a divide is made at four of seven, the title track a segue between halves  its makers clearly bear download culture little respect, constructing their latest so that its best experienced as a whole, bridging arrangements as vital as the blustering bombast and constitutional inflections of grandly designed standout pieces."
Boston Globe,80,"Wavering Radiant is a testament to ISIS ability to stare into the face of adversity, unflinching, and deliver one of the finest albums of its career."
AllMusic,80,"Though the length of the songs can prove to be daunting, the album is arguably one of Isis' finest moments. [Jun 2009, p.105]"
Los Angeles Times,80,"This is perhaps the first Isis album since Oceanic that both demands and inspires repeat listens. It might very well be Isiss best work to date. At the very least, Wavering Radiant affirms that we still have good reason to follow the band's every move."
Pitchfork,80,"Wavering Radiant is strong enough on musical merit that decade-strong devotees deservedly ought to join new converts in welcoming the latest Isis album into the world."
Tiny Mix Tapes,76,"All of this should read like the ingredients of a truly brilliant album. And perhaps on vinyl it is, but the mastering of Wavering Radiants digital format is atrocious, as heavily brickwalled and distorted as Metallicas criminal 'Death Magnetic' (2008)."
Q Magazine,75,"Some bands use studio trickery like an instrument, but Isis' straightforward tools avoid baroqueness even when the band is throwing deep."
Alternative Press,60,"Its testament to their power that an average Isis album is still pretty good."
Dusted Magazine,60,"If the too-often twinned strands of listener preference can be unwound, hopefully it will be remembered as the most-heard Isis album, not the greatest."
Uncut,60,"Only the very dedicated need apply. [Jun 2009, p.119]"
Slant Magazine,60,"Theirs is a sophisticated, finely nuanced sound, lynchpin Aaron Turner's vocals notwithstanding. [Jun 2009, p.88]"

BBC Music,80,"Its vital for the maintenance of Gallows present profile that they curb their enthusiasm for experimentation and pushing the envelope of aggressiveness to some degree, and by doing this sensibly, theyve produced an album thats big on surprises but that also ticks the essential boxes of heaviness and melody."
AllMusic,80,"While the listener is largely swamped in this sense of horror and disgust--which no doubt makes the point--Gallows are also concerned with some kind of catharsis."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Gallows are the sound of this country's rising fury. And people in power need to listen, because if it spills over, there'll be trouble."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Grey Britain sports some decidely non-punk maneuvers in the form of piano-concerto codas and unnerving sound effects that elevate the band from mere street-punk cliches. [Jun 2009, p.104]"
Pitchfork,80,"An antidote to pop bands masquerading as punk, this is the real deal--ugly, and utterly English. [Jun 2009, p.98]"
Clash Music,80,"Grey Britain is at once more accessible than its chaotic predecessor, 'Orchestra Of Wolves.' but also harder hitting. [Jun 2009, p.122]"
PopMatters,80,"Grey Britain builds upon its predecessor without diluting any of its rabid energy and grinding, oppressive negativity. [Jun 2009, p.86]"
The Boston Phoenix,60,"Shifting into metalcore territory is a tricky decision, since a lot of their initial appeal was due to the fact that they were making their own personal stamp on revitalizing punk--a genre that's becoming increasingly saturated with commercialism. Here, they seem less unique."
The A.V. Club,60,"It's not like they intended to win over Lady GaGa fans with their scantily clad synth-pop, but ended up making a unremittingly gruesome prog-punk album by mistake. And there's no getting around the sheer power of the music, which grabs you by the throat and pins you against the wall, the better for Carter to scream in your face."
NOW Magazine,60,"Grey Britain has important things to say, but due to the lack of any direction or mission, it allows itself to be eaten up by the anger that fuels it."
Spin,50,"Trimmed down to a good 35-40 minutes, and with a producer like Kurt Ballou instead of the more polished-sounding Garth Richardson, this might have been the provocative, inflammatory second record that Gallows fans had hoped for. Instead were left with yet another young band whose reach far exceeds its grasp."

BBC Music,91,"The original sound of 'The Way' has been greatly cleaned up here, and a few songs endings have been elongated slightly."
Uncut,90,"So if the first disc of Enter the Vaselines is absolutely essential, the bonus disc is for fanatics only."
Dusted Magazine,81,"Enter the Vaselines serves as a timely reminder of the old ways we found music: for Cobain, one dreams, as a record in a bin somewhere, and for the rest of us, a recommendation from a friend, a cassette loaned around like a dirty one-hitter."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"With their dirty mouths and pretty faces, pop perspicacity and knack for making a bloody racket, there's no question the Vaselines were worth rescuing from obscurity."
AllMusic,80,"Anyone who owns the 1992 Sub Pop compilation The Way of the Vaselines might be thinking there's nothing for them here, but beyond the re-mastering adding significant depth to Dum Dum (the difference it's made to the EPs is negligible to my admittedly rather damaged ears) there's also a second disc of previously unreleased material."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Here, they sound polished and crisp, which is a remarkable change from other issues of these recordings. Presumably the band is happy sounding this way, but it often feels a little too clean."
Mojo,80,"Now, 17 years removed from the original stateside release of the bands music, this expanded reissue (buttressed with an additional disc of decent live tracks and a few cool demos) gives an entirely new generation of pop fans an excuse to dive into the groups music."
Austin Chronicle,80,"This collects all that, plus demos and live tracks, into a demonstration of how a fabulously obscure Glasgow indie group became one of the most influential of their time. [Jun 2009, p.105]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"For an encore, Sub Pop delves even more deeply into the vaults on Enter the Vaselines, collecting a trio of nascent demos and a pair of live gigs from the bands canon for a bonus disc, while giving the original EPs and LP a sorely needed remaster."
PopMatters,70,"For those of you who already own 'The Way of the Vaselines,' this 2009 upgrades imperativeness to own is strictly based on your own personal allegiance to the music of Kelly and McKee."
Under The Radar,70,"So much of the music here  stripped-down mixtures of pop and punk, with a Big Star emphasis on the pop side  merits a listen or two, its forgiveable that youd get some redundancy in this completists collection."

Pitchfork,90,"The spontaneous sounding arrangements--topped by Watson's uniquely mercurial voice--are at turns ornate, grand and subtle, but never less than totally bewitching."
No Ripcord,80,"Wooden Arms, on the other hand, bears the sound of something far more collaborative and just that little bit more complete. Our refound love for musical vanguards should therefore also extend to Patrick Watson."
Filter,80,"More ambitious than on past efforts, Watson slips through quiet night spaces, and like Sendak's Max, puts on his wolf suit, making mischief of one kind, then another, until Wooden Arms flares with his vibrant energy."
musicOMH.com,70,"The songs certainly stand on their own, but Watson makes them sound incredible."
Pitchfork,68,"It's Watson's voice we're missing most from the overwhelming instrumentation, and after hearing the Buckley-esque transcendence that his vocals are capable of, it's more than disappointing to hear them take second chair. [Spring 2009, p.106]"
PopMatters,60,"Less immediate than its predecessor, Wooden Arms takes several plays before the haunting melodies and more obtuse textures draw you in."
AllMusic,60,"Tellingly, they're at their most beguiling when taking chances. [Jun 2009, p.134]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"He's lost his way a little bit here. [Jun 2009, p.109]"
Rolling Stone,33,"Patrick Watson doesn't do foundation work exceedingly well. Yet this is not to say that there aren't moments on Wooden that suggest songcraft was the foremost urge."

Uncut,80,"One of the best things about Balf Quarry is the way it builds on the game-changing craftsmanship that Magik Markers brought to Boss."
Mojo,80,"It hits just as furiously and sloppily as all the old Markers standards, no matter its label, run time, or production quality."
Q Magazine,80,"Balf Quarry sees the duo swaggering through louche wah-wahed blues, no-wave barn burners and salty pop ditties, culminating in an eerily beautiful, piano-haunted fever dream. [May 2009, p.109]"
Prefix Magazine,80,"This follow-up finds them flitting dynamically from royal Trux-ish fuzz blues to incantatory pieces like 'Shells,' that cross 'Experimental Jet Set'-era Youth with Nico. [Jun 2009, p.92]"
Under The Radar,75,"It takes only a few listens to realize that this album is its own beast. Even with healthy doses of unruliness and a few far-off wanderings, this is Magik Markers' most coherent, self-contained effort to date."
The A.V. Club,75,"'Jerks' is a scathing freakout that made me want to hear Sonic Youth's cover of the Untouchables' 'Nic Fit' all of a sudden; '7/23' is a clopping, slightly flat, strangely iridescent love note; and the focus that disperses over the course of six hazy minutes of 'State Numbers' takes the opportunity of 'The Ricercar of Dr. Clara Haber' to slap itself in the face a few times and the shimmering outburst of 'The Lighter Side of... Hippies' to remind you why you made it so deep into this oddly arresting album in the first place."
Spin,70,"Balf Quarry, however, sees Elisa Ambrogio and Pete Nolan emerging blinking into the sunlight as they continue to excavate the more focussed sounds of last album 'Boss.'"
Dusted Magazine,70,"Balf Quarry feels both intensely structured, and delightfully free-form in its metaphorical confines."
AllMusic,65,"Balf Quarry, their first album for Drag City, isnt going to put a halt to those Sonic Youth comparisons. Theyve steadfastly stuck with the sound created on the Boss album for most of this venture."
Pitchfork,60,"She renders a sad refrain from a lotto ad on 'State Numbers,' slags CSNY on 'The Lighter Side of...Hippies,' and howls that 'a loving woman can have the Devil's face' on the acerbic 'Don't Talk in Your Sleep,' making this the duo's most shambolic effort to date."
Clash Music,50,"The follow-up to 2007's 'Boss' is an uneven album that is full of good ideas but often misses the mark. [Spring 2009, p.76]"

PopMatters,90,"Each offering here is meter-perfect and crafted instinctively to flat-out destroy the boundaries of rock music."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Cryptomnesia is a tough, rugged, and wildly ambitious set of far-reaching--sometimes overly so--compositions reflecting the rapid growth of one of the new century's most genuinely talented and visionary musicians."
BBC Music,70,"The album makes a thorough, nerve-tingling plunge into the Mars Voltas maelstrom available to shorter attention spans."
Under The Radar,48,"Awe is in the ear of the beholder, sure, but after being predictably pounded into the ground for half an hour by Rodriguez-Lopez/Hill et al. and their bag of heavy tricks, it's hard to tell if we're meant to walk away impressed or oppressed."
No Ripcord,20,"The album is pure homogeneous shitheap of stream-of-consciousness turgidity nonsense that strives to be different and to take you somewhere else but in the end really just ends up being hilariously bad and hilariously derivative of his past work and despite the frequent so-weird-its-almost-cool moments it still just plain sucks hardcore."

Uncut,70,"Although their name might seem like a stretch when requesting at your local record store, this album is worth a purchase."
Mojo,65,"Reintegration Times alright, but its no substitute for seeing these guys perform."
Q Magazine,60,"It all adds up to a good but frustrating album of really solid highs and really annoying lows."
AllMusic,60,"They have the formula down, but 10 tracks of this gets a little tedious."
The A.V. Club,60,"Reintegration Time is a neat, reserved album, if not satisfying as a close approximation of the band's live sound, then as a more low-key exploration on a parallel path."
Dusted Magazine,60,"On cuts like 'How Do I Maintain Pt. 1,' the rhythmic interplay gets weighed down by its own excess, but the more expansive clouds of synth exhaust in wordless bookends 'Run' and 'Reintegration Time' offer more rewarding highs."
Spin,58,"The heavy-handed force of the latest effort to sonically disconstruct and reconstruct gets tiresome. [Spring 2009, p.103]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,42,"Reintegration Time, the second album by Canadas Shout Out Out Out Out, is ambitiously laid out, with lengthy, mostly instrumental tracks and a leisurely sense of pace. Too bad the electro grooves dont offer much, nor does the ornamentation."
musicOMH.com,40,"They're fine when doing the burbling, instrumental stuff, only to lose marks for a couple duff guest vocals and over-reliance on vocoders. [Jun 2010, p.132]"

BBC Music,80,"If anything, though, what Replica Sun Machine calls to mind is a previous attempt to meld aesthetics from about ten years back, the Beta Band's 'Hot Shots II'--it's not a question of exact similarity by any means, but there's a similarly easygoing feel in the arrangements and the beats, something that invites drift and a steady crunch in equal measure."
Uncut,80,"Let's hope they carry on with that form of expression, as Replica Sun Machine has created an early blast of summer sunshine--playful, majestic, reflective and content, all in the same record."
Pitchfork,80,"It's not what you'd call a forward-looking record--these people have a more than passing familiarity with the early 70s work of David Bowie, and are in thrall to the folky psychedelia of a few years earlier than that--but it's expertly executed and swooningly gorgeous."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Its definitely not album of the year (nor would it have nabbed that distinction in 2007 when it was actually released on the other side of the Atlantic), but the Shortwave Set bring just enough innovation with them to make this 45 minute disc worth your while."
PopMatters,70,"If anything, its the failure to rise above its component parts and create a unique and recognizable sound that keeps Replica Sun Machine from being the breakthrough album this promising trio deserves."
Prefix Magazine,50,"Quietly bucking the trend are The Shortwave Set, whose follow-up to 2005s The Debt Collection confounds convention by actually being pretty good."
Q Magazine,40,"While certain tracks capture a melding of The Clientele's lovely melancholy and Southern California psych-pop undertones, the bulk of the album suffers from an an impenetrable mix that simply has too much going on sonically to let the band's sunny songs shine through. [Spring 2009, p.68]"
Under The Radar,35,"Replica Sun Machine is an exceedingly simple thing--with tunes so familiar-feeling to be easily ignorable--but it's presented with a false sense of intricacy, gussied up and disguised as something more than it really is."

Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"She succeeds in a rare feat here, making a mood-sustaining record comprised of songs that only improve when listened to in sequence."
The A.V. Club,80,"Like nothing else youll hear this year."
AllMusic,80,"Theres an extemporaneous feeling to A Ways Away that persists amid its clear recording quality and allows ONeil to sing quietly as though shes unsure of herself, while still underscoring a natural sort of confidence--she doesnt have to sing loudly."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"A Ways Away is a beautifully low-key set that frames her mellifluous voice and folky asongs with guitar drones and a slow-motion, dream-like feel. [Aug 2009, p.98]"
Pitchfork,80,"A Ways Away casts a spell you won't want to break. [Jun 2009, p.102]"
PopMatters,78,"A Ways Away, O'Neil's fifth solo album and first on the K imprint, draws together her considerable experience as a producer, singer, and songwriter in a fleetingly beautiful 36 minutes that washes over the listener in an introspective haze."
XLR8r,70,"No, it wont blow the hat off your head, but a life-changing album simply isnt as appropriate as a life-affirming one, as far as this artist is concerned, and A Ways Away is another clean bill of health for a long and rewarding career."
Filter,70,"From the title on down, O'Neil invokes space and silence, guiding you through more sonic and emotional emptiness than you might think possible in 37 minutes."
Urb,60,"It seems a little mean to judge this against song-based records - if anything, the narrative arc suggests it's 'about' the deterioration of meaning / tunefulness / drama into the inconsequentiality of real life; still, on its own terms, it's rather precious."

Under The Radar,70,"The band sounds the most engaged on the early hardcore numbers like 'Suicidal Maniac' (Suicidal Tendencies), 'Thirsty and Miserable' (Black Flag), and 'It's the Limit' (Cro-Mags), while nods to the metal gods such as 'Ghosts of War' (Slayer) and 'Escape' (Metallica) are blistering and volatile enough to warrant inclusion, but feel a little rote."
BBC Music,60,"Every band represented on For The Lions are hardcore legends, and Hatebreed do their songs justice--they just don''t deliver anything in the way of innovation. [Jun 2009, p.104]"
PopMatters,60,"Overstuffed and a little undercooked, Lions suffers from the fact that Hatebreeds influences arent terribly diverse, and many of the short, hard, and fast numbers tend to blend together in a way that wont appeal to anyone without a working knowledge of the American hardcore canon."
Rolling Stone,60,"While it may not stand up to the rest of Hatebreeds canon, it does a great job of promoting some smaller acts that the average fan may not be aware of, and is a must-have for those antsy for new material."

AllMusic,90,"A companion album to last years Ghost Rock, Invisible Cities again finds the group in fine form, refining their sound and moving gradually further from revivalist afrobeat into a style all their own."
Q Magazine,80,"This is elsewhere music one can feel eternally at home in, no matter your place of origin."
AllMusic,80,"Invisible Cities serves as something of a breath-catching moment for a band that's taken a giant leap on each of its albums, bringing some of the thunder back while further elaborating on the progress made on Ghost Rock."
PopMatters,80,"Though NOMO exhibits an ecstatic love for Afrobeat, spiritual jazz (check the odd time-signatured mysticism of Patterns), and the like, theyve been increasingly studio-prone with each successive album, allowing for the effects of postproduction and modern electronic instrumentation to take their music in wild new directions."
Dusted Magazine,78,"The band is becoming, depending on how you look at it, either more like a classic jazz groupsolos twisting well beyond the compact call-and-answer of formulaic Afrobeator something like a more world music-friendly Tortoise."

Pitchfork,90,"Wall Of Arms is an expansive, confident second album that takes The Maccabees from indie also-rans to genuine contenders."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Wall of Arms is the meticulously evolved sound of a band aiming to bid to breathe life into British indie."
Uncut,80,"With this record the Maccabees join the Horrors and Jack Peate as supposedly 'landfill indie' acts who've come back fighting with far superior second efforts."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Wall Of Arms sounds mostly effortless and unstudied."
cokemachineglow,80,"Maccabees have not just merely avoided a sophomore goring with Wall Of Arms' bar-raising pop. They have got the crowd firmly back on their side in doing so."
BBC Music,80,"Wall of Arms is an album that will give more the more time you give it. Its expansive without being overblown, meticulous without being tedious, and hints at even greater things come album three."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"Really, what youre left with is an accomplished album, delivered with passion and feeling, thats easy to acknowledge as pretty good--to admire, even--but hard to be seriously moved by."
The New York Times,60,"It's too easy to mistake them for any number of other bands--Editors, Maximo Park, The Futureheads all spring to mind--but if it's not original, it's still done weell. [Jun 2009, p.125]"
AllMusic,60,"Singer Orlando Weeks' new themes of intimacy and dependence, add emotional scope to a band blossoming from their spindly beginnings into a meaty prospect capable of doing goth XTC, jolly Joy Divisiion, and sword-dancing Strokes. [Jun 2009, p.92]"
Dusted Magazine,50,"Each track in its own right has nothing inherently wrong with it, but put eleven of them together and its all a little one-dimensional."

PopMatters,80,"As debuts go, True Romance is an astonishing statement of intent  if theyve got any more ideas left after the 10 tunes here we could have a rather special band on our hands."
Drowned In Sound,80,"While revelling in the dewy-eyed but wistful feel of 80s new pop and the Beach Boys, it sounds more timeless than retro."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Classic pop songwriting with a twist is the order of the day, with watertight barbershop harmonies spooned onto layers of intricately arranged organ, while lyrics are unabashedly lovestruck. [Jun 2009, p.93]"
No Ripcord,70,"We're not reviewing the single, rather the accompanying album, which after all that promise is something of a minor let down."
AllMusic,70,"They take their blue-eyed romanticism deadly serious, asking, 'Wouldn't it be sweet if you could die from a broken heart?' like genuine kamikazes of love."
Paste Magazine,70,"True Romance is more intriguing than any talk of peppy pop songs would suggest."
Drowned In Sound,60,"On this debut LP they layer Britpop cheer with glam, funk, electro and Beach Boys harmonies, in a manner that's both tuneful and arch. [Jun 2009, p.123]"
PopMatters,40,"With their abilities to self-censure and decide at what's fundamentally good gone seriously awry, the results are more likely to induce a rolling of eyeballs and suppressed sniggers rather than gasps of admiration."

Uncut,73,"While Lees preachy lyrics often feel forced and rarely reach beneath the surface of the issues, the man known for homespun sing-alongs retains his catchy strumming and perfect blend of sweet and funny musings, making it difficult not to root for him."
Alternative Press,70,"Lee pulls it off--and has fun with the earnest sermonizing while he's at it."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"He overreaches on occasion, but more often pulls off the sort of trick he manages with 'Families Cheating at Board Games,' merging faith and offbeat, cerebral underpinnings to forge quirky slivers of fresh perspective."
Rolling Stone,60,"While this may not equate to cool, there is something infectious and unwaveringly hopeful about it."
AllMusic,40,"Lee's cutesy folk and piano pop leaves us cold. [Mar 2009, p.106]"
AllMusic,40,"Even if Lee's songs of solidarity are basically sweet in nature, his puppy-dog earnestness winds up being off-putting in the long run on The Rebirth of Venus."
Pitchfork,30,"Amid spoken-word interludes and I'd-like- to-buy-the-world-a-Coke-style choirs, only Lee's innate melodic gift saves him from total embarrassment."
Dusted Magazine,30,"Were the central conceit not so half-assed and Lee's lyrics not so shallow, Venus might qualify as actively misogynist in a way that could be interesting to engage and dissect. As is, the album is simple to an annoying, tiresome degree."
Prefix Magazine,20,"There's a winning way with '70s soft-rock chord changes, but his staggering lyrical banalities makes most of this virtually unlistenable. [May 2009, p.89]"
Uncut,16,"The Rebirth Of Venus, his seventh full-length, offers a more direct kind of terrible."

Tiny Mix Tapes,87,"If she has more misanthropic stuff like this up her A Camp sleeve? Hey-forget the Cardigans, and bring it on."
BBC Music,80,"A proper, fully formed record rather than a side-project doodle, Colonia is where artistic integrity meets pop conviction in a curious, deranged yet compelling sing-along."
AllMusic,80,"Listening to the album as a whole, it's satisfyingly compact, a neatly produced record with stand-out tracks and growers."
PopMatters,80,"It's rich, beguiling stuff. [Mar 2009, p.78]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"That darker side of Persson gives Colonia many of its most beautiful moments and includes some of her best vocal work to date."
Dusted Magazine,80,"This is a fine pop album; it bites as well as bops. [Spring 2009, p.96]"
Mojo,70,"Beguiling, gorgeous stuff--and smartly funny, too."
Q Magazine,70,"Colonia is what pop music might have sounded like in the era of gaslights and guillotines."
Pitchfork,70,"On her second album under the name A Camp, Persson drapes herself in breezy '60s-pop arrangements, lamb's-wool duds that dress some deadly ideas."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Persson sounds cute and tender, even while comparing love to a shotgun, shining some midnight sun on these dark, alluring songs."
musicOMH.com,67,"Colonia is mostly careful to use its expanded palette of sounds for subtle shading rather than gratuitous effect."
Uncut,60,"Colonia has nothing like its predecessor's consistency of tone, but Persson strikes gold with two siren calls worthy of the last, desperate, doom-laden Abba albums. [Mar 2009, p.109]"
BBC Music,60,"Colonia may share with the Cardigans' late records that polished yet entirely too comfortable sound that reveals few insights, but it deftly presents Persson's uncomfortable vision of a world with little left to hold onto."
Uncut,60,"Colonia is an adequate collection of craftman-like retro pop. [Spring 2009, p.64]"
Mojo,60,"Despite its pristine arrangements, Colonia turns into sonic NyQuil about halfway through, and ends up a low-day--albeit impeccable-sounding-listen. [Jun 2009, p.102]"
Q Magazine,58,"Too bad her sharpest one-liners on Colonia get buried in a wash of pastoral easy listening."
Drowned In Sound,50,"Colonia plays it safe by gathering together various aspects of the Cardigans/Camp catalogue and adorning them to the brim with pretty, but unsatisfying decoration."
musicOMH.com,50,"Colonia peters out with three laments that lose their power when grouped together, and two instrumentals that waste opportunities to hear more of that wonderful voice."
Sputnikmusic,50,"As a whole, Colonia takes on a very operatic, larger than life, almost ABBA-esque quality, which grows a bit tired as the album winds down."
Urb,40,"THe lush '60s pop arrangements are scuppered by overly introspective lyrics. [Mar 2009, p.93]"
BBC Music,30,"Colonia has an awful lot of ideas, but doesnt really know what to do with them and the majority of tracks end up sounding messy and--like the rest of us following Christmas--carrying a little too much extra weight."

No Ripcord,100,"Ever since he figured out how to write tough-buzzard songs, on his 1997 comeback Time Out of Mind, hes been knocking them out of the park. This one leans hard on ready-made blues in the citified-country-ways style of Chess Records."
Drowned In Sound,100,"The albums a gas, a riot, a hoot."
Under The Radar,100,"Chasing allusions is half the fun of listening to Dylan's music. On Together Through Life, the other half involves plainer pursuits, shaking a tail feather and shouting along."
The Guardian,91,"For all the pain and peril of the lyrics, theres a lot of sly humor, too, underlined by the albums loose, joyful sound."
Uncut,83,"The singer isn't up to tenderness and the accordion gets annoying. But the first two tracks are standards in the making, the last two tracks are prophetic and mean, and the blues in between are as pointed as the pop songs are long-winded."
Alternative Press,81,"It ends up being something of a puzzler to behold--at once as crafty and moving as anything in Dylans catalog, and yet as improvisational and dashed-off as one of his live albums with The Band or the Dead."
Lost At Sea,80,"There is a grim magnetism coursing through these 10 new songs--and most of it is in Dylan's vividly battered singing."
Filter,80,"Sonically, this is right in line with Dylan's 2000s albums, the sound of a well-lubricated traveling band easing into the same chords they play every night, but this isn't strictly roadhouse rock & roll: Dylan remains fixated on pre-rock & roll American music, emphasizing the blues but eager to croon love-struck ballads."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Dylan leaves it to his unique vocals and a smoking set of sidemen to get his point across."
Hot Press,80,"This crackling album stands to remind that the man can still rock like all hell."
AllMusic,80,"Dylan shirks responsibility; he puts the onus on us. Fortunately, the impetus the album provides is all we need in order to define its brilliance."
Spin,80,"Together Through Life is an album that gets its hooks in early and refuses to let go. [Jun 2009, p.94]"
Billboard.com,80,"Only a few songs ('Beyond Here Lies Nothin,' 'Shake Shake Mama,' and 'I Feel a Change Comin On') really jump out of the grooves and the rest sounds like our greatest living songwriter coasting a bit--which is a whole lot better than not giving a shit ('Self Portrait') or flailing around aimlessly (pick an 80s record)."
musicOMH.com,70,"Together Through Life is reliable, steady, willing to give if youre willing to receive."
Q Magazine,70,"Very little on Together Through Life seems destined for his repertorys long haul. But whether this is basic devilishness, or Malthus revisited, or acceptance of faith, or just a clever poem juxtaposing protest rhetoric with do-nothing rhetoric, it all suits him."
No Ripcord,70,"His new Together Through Life seems to be more a chronicle of how love actually feels at different stages than an outright celebration of it, and the grizzled-old-soul-man patina Dylan layers over his barbed-wire croak offers the familiar passion and despair of every relationship."
Under The Radar,70,"In a time where we could have fairly expected another state-of-the-world sermon, Dylan's thankfully stopped the overdone end-is-nigh bell-ringing that's characterised his late-period, allowing the ghosts of romances past and present to permeate Together Through Life."
Boston Globe,67,"While Dylan's grim-reaper ruminations are familiar territory, Together Through Life does offer some surprises."
The A.V. Club,60,"Having long since traded abstraction for irascibility and wistfulness, Dylan still offers flashes of black humor (Hell is my wifes hometown) over the ten songs, but the fatalism thats marked much of his recent work is in short supply."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"The reality is less exciting, as Together Through Life--neither masterpiece nor disaster--proves."
PopMatters,60,"Together Through Life sounds loose and informal, and you get the impression that its creator had a lot of fun making it. A shame, then, that its not quite as much fun to listen to."
Slant Magazine,60,"These 10 tunes feel dashed off."
Sputnikmusic,60,"There are clunkers, like the half-there torch song 'Life Is Hard.' But the great thing about 67-year-old Dylan is that even when it's not working, it's working."
Dot Music,60,"Together Through Life is not by any yardstick classic Dylan. Even so, it's hard to imagine there's an item in his catalogue that he adores more. [Jun 2009,p.116]"
Mojo,54,"Together Through Life isn't without its charms--Dylan never is. It's just very minor, especially by his standards."
Pitchfork,50,"It's a shame that the album fails to hit, and in some ways, it's also a shame that it's not terrible, either."
Los Angeles Times,40,"Closer 'It's All Good' offers the disc's best song, a brilliant idea and hook whose lyrics deserved more investment than that lent by Dylan and his collaborator, Grateful Dead word whisperer Robert Hunter. Beyond that lies nothin' except a wasteland, with nary a pulse for Life's second act."

Entertainment Weekly,80,"While the Osbourne-fronted and Dio-fronted versions of Black Sabbath are, again, very different bands, this is an album that matches its moment every bit as perfectly as 'Paranoid' did back in 1970."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),80,"Sure enough, we know these devils: they're the ones who make so many latter-day metal bands look like hopeless poseurs."
musicOMH.com,80,"Shockingly good but reassuringly gimmick-free, The Devil You Know is not only the best Dio or Sabbath release in over a decade but a front-runner for heavy metal album of the year."
cokemachineglow,80,"With Tony Iommi on guitar, Geezer Butler on bass and Vinny Appice on drums, the lyrically macabre and demonically alluring music sounds more like a band backing Ronnie James Dio than it does an act trying to distinguish itself as an entity apart from Sabbath's and Dio's solo endeavors. Yet The Devil You Know has a great sound in its own right."
The A.V. Club,80,"Proving itself to be more than a reunion cash-in, Heaven & Hell--the re-brand for Black Sabbath with Ronnie James Dio on vocals--has a batch of new material that is every bit as menacingly delightful as 2007's concert tour that revived the lineup after 15 years."
Pitchfork,80,"Whatever they're called, Sabbath still rule. [Jun 2009, p.99]"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"Heaven and Hell excel at ye olde power-dungeon plod. Too bad Tony Iommi and Geezer Butler's most churning riffs tend to last mere seconds, before getting buried under attention-deficit arrangements and Dio's theatrical mythopoeia--which gets tiring when so many songs exceed six minutes."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Its supulchral riffs, histrionic vocals and ludicrous lyrics are all comfortingly familiar. Something unexpected wouldn't have gone amiss, mind. [Jul 2009, p.117]"
Spin,50,"They do their best to distance themselves from Actual Sabbath, but too often its by slouching through their Satanic netherworld, Dios cabaret bludgeoned down by lurching riffs and over-egged orchestration."
Under The Radar,42,"There is a small group of Black Sabbath fans who believe the band produced its best work after singer Ronnie James Dio replaced Lord of Darkness/future variety-show host Ozzy Osbourne in the late '70s. Alas, their case will not be aided by their new album."
Sputnikmusic,40,"While Tony Iommi churns out stock riffs, Devil You Knows success largely depends on whether you can take Dio seriously--not as a vocalist (hes one of the best in the metal game), but as a diminutive old man bellowing innocuous dungeons-and-dragons lyrics, and so unconvincingly that you have to wonder if he actually believes a single word. This record doesnt make a strong case."
Delusions of Adequacy,40,"The legendary foursome sounds as if theyre merely going through the motions."
PopMatters,40,"Now 29 years on, The Devil You Know can't quite muster that kind of muscle [heard in Black Sabbath's 'Heaven And Hell']. [Jul 2009, p.88]"

Q Magazine,83,"As the ever-crescendoing title track hits its final, clangorous stride, its crash signals something worthy of more than just fleeting cyberlove."
Mojo,80,"Even without 'Neon Jesus'--the single that garnered Crocodiles quite a bit of web attention just before this release--Summer of Hate stands strong as a tremendous debut: one that pays heavy tribute to its influences while never seeming overly derivative."
Filter,80,"This is drone ambiance for your buds, and Buds. Meaning: Crocodiles did good!"
Drowned In Sound,80,"Summer of Hate is fairly diverse, with bits of punk, pop, shoegaze and space-rock woven into nine distinct tracks. What unites all these elements is a fascination with tone, rather than song structure or lyrical content."
Rolling Stone,80,"Parts of this remarkable debut make for decidedly uneasy listening: The drugged-out, claustrophobic glam slam that's 'Flash of Light' may be the year's most terrifying moment."
Alternative Press,80,"Over 34 irresistible minutes, Summer of Hate has as many barbed, house-party hooks as nihilistic blasts."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"This is a repeat-ready 34 minutes of melodic pop pushed to the disintegration point and beyond. Welcome to the art-punk renaissance."
BBC Music,70,"Its not original, but youll love it for the summer at least."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"If Crocodiles revel in a strain of insolence too familiar to feel transgressive, the band also manages some catchy choruses and efficient low-fi landscapes."
Austin Chronicle,60,"At times they recall labelmates Wavves, short of their devotion to fuzzy landscapes--another sonic comparison for an album that recalls the messy disorder of a tipped-over jukebox."
No Ripcord,60,"This will please everyone in the insulated bubble of the critic/blog world, giving the lads another shot at stardom. Who knows, the Marmosets could be huge in 2012."
Uncut,60,"They build on the West Coast blueprint for strung-out, psychotropic darkness, tracking back to The Crystals via Mary Chain and leaning heavily on the reverb and delay. However, it's hedonism, not retro homage that floats the Crocodiles' boat. [Jul 2009, p.84]"
Lost At Sea,60,"It's hard not to be seduced by the pure enthusiasm the duo have for wailing feedback, white light/white heat and archaic teen rebellion. [Aug 2009, p.103]"
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),41,"Instead of focusing on one idea and shaping it into something unique, though, the album tries its hand at everything that is 'now' (noise-pop, dance rock, etc.) and owns none of it."

Entertainment Weekly,70,"Remind Me Where the Light Is ultimately concludes as the luminous successor to 'Trading Twilight for Daylight'--bright where that album was nocturnal, open-armed where 'Twilight' was introspective, and altogether illustrative of Great Northern's growth as songwriters and performers."
The A.V. Club,65,"This is an album thats extremely clean--the spic-and-span sonics might be the work of producer Michael Patterson. Even if it might help Great Northern achieve some broader success, all that cleansing has buffed away much of the bands character."
No Ripcord,60,"Unfortunately, the newfound confidence doesn't extend to lyrics rife with nonspecific, mixed-metaphorical angst that smacks of the overwrought youth demo they've otherwise outgrown."
Dot Music,60,"It feels a lot longer than it is, and that's a bad thing. [May 2009, p.115]"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"Great Northern may not have learned the art of being musically economical, but perhaps their greatest strength lies in their maximalist tendencies."
cokemachineglow,60,"Remind Me ... has the feel of two albums compressed into one, and a slightly more minimal approach to instrumentation would have given some of the slower numbers added gravitas."
Los Angeles Times,52,"The band's music is spot-on for soundtrack work precisely because it's moody yet unobtrusive, evocative of something, yet noncommittal enough to conceivably fit any emotional tableaux."
Lost At Sea,50,"The albums cleanly produced and confidently performed, and the material has been polished up until it shines brightly at first. But a few repetitions quickly drain Remind Me Where the Light Is of much of its impact."
Paste Magazine,50,"The production on their sophomore effort, Remind Me Where the Light Is, is both a blessing and a curse, inflating some effects to dazzling prominence while pushing a host of crummy, outdated ideas to the forefront."
Alternative Press,40,"Much of the songwriting presented here also feels fairly stock. [Spring 2009, p.66]"

Drowned In Sound,80,"The disc sometimes lacks sonic oomph, and the mid-section is less unique, borrowing new wave staccato guitars and sing-yelping styles from fellow Victorians Hot Hot Heat. Things pick up again at the end with three slices of relaxed indie pop."
Under The Radar,70,"High on Jackson Hill doesn't quite trump 'Fables' the way that album outclassed its precursor, but it's hardly accurate to call this a disappointment."
The Guardian,70,"So, while you couldn't call this effort beige, it is still clear to see that it is lacking the necessary punch to make it a classic."
PopMatters,70,"If you really feel you need another Canadian choral indie troupe in your life, this is worth a punt."
Boston Globe,70,"It might seem like a weird time for an up-and-comer like Immaculate Machine to put out whats essentially a transition album this early in their career, but as High on Jackson Hill proves, not only is this band capable of pulling off any style they want to try, but they do so with good taste and undeniable charm."
Uncut,60,"Therein lies the personality crisis of Jackson Hill: The sole connecting thread for all these tunes is a band whose love for its craft just barely surpasses what a hodgepodge mess it often is."
AllMusic,50,"This is an interesting group and I would love to see them take more risks next time around. [Spring 2009, p.66]"
BBC Music,45,"A letdown after Fables; whether haughty, homesick, or ha-ha, on the way toward frankness, the album gets bogged down in simplicity."



Slant Magazine,80,"Solid, creative, urgent albums like Coaster cement the fact that whenever someone gets around to opening a Punk Rock Hall Of Fame, NOFX should be in its inaugural clas. [Jun 2009, p97]"
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"As a whole, it's not one of their best records, considering the size of their discography, but it's not a bad little record. Fans will like it since the band is still shining as a tight unit and hasn't lost a step musically."
Q Magazine,60,"Beneath their notorious humour, 11th studio album Coaster is less angry than previous political witch hunts, but Fat Mike and co still love to offend."
Pitchfork,60,"Coasters not exemplary, but its definitely a quality late-career entry in NOFXs increasingly uniform catalogue."
Billboard.com,60,"Despite these touches, musically NOFX are pretty much doing the same thing they always have."

Prefix Magazine,91,"The singer/songwriter takes the back seat and lets the college kids channel their inner Folds, and they successfully do so--often stealing the spotlight away from Folds."
Spin,70,"The singer's material is tackled competently and faithfully throughout, resulting in a collection of tracks that are pleasant if not particularly earth-shattering (an admittedly tall task for a musical genre that lacks subwoofers)."
Tiny Mix Tapes,67,"The disc is little more than a footnote in Folds aggressively eclectic career, but its a surprisingly vital, intriguing one."
Rolling Stone,60,"The performances are hit-or-miss--and many of them are trumped by Folds' own pair of songs--but the originality remains fairly consistent, yielding an album that should delight a cappella enthusiasts and, at the very least, interest the average Folds fan."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Like any compilation, Ben Folds Presents: University A Cappella has its ups and downs. The good definitely outweighs the bad here, though, and is a worthwhile listen for any big fan of Folds."
Austin Chronicle,50,"In the end, though, this is an unnecessary album that only clutters Folds's discography."

The Boston Phoenix,80,"Music For The People is a record that brims with weighty ambition. [April 2009]"
Chicago Tribune,80,"That's the problem with social realism, but the Enemy do their best to vary their sound and mode of address."
cokemachineglow,70,"Widescreen return from Jam wannabes."
Dusted Magazine,60,"There's no escaping the fact that a good chunk of Music for the People trundles along facelessly, unredeemed even by singer Tom Clarke's dedication to the cause."
NOW Magazine,60,"Ambitious and heartfelt, Music For The People is the sound of a band caught between rock and a hard place. [May 2009, p.111]"
Mojo,60,"The Enemy's trademark enormity--not to mention their rampant tunefulness--lifts this out of the ladrock morass. [Jul 2009, p.86]"
musicOMH.com,50,"The Enemys second is weighed down with pomp and bluster."
Under The Radar,40,"As ponderous as Music for the People can be, it does have some forward momentum, and its an undeniable improvement over 'Well Live and Die in These Towns.'"
Clash Music,40,"While there are still a couple of Jam-like snarlers on album two, the aping of Oasis more bloated days sinks things quickly."
New Musical Express (NME),20,"Clarke is a genuinely talented songwriter, if rather earnest in his intentions, but in Music for The People he and his mates seem to have lost the plot."
No Ripcord,20,"Despite the so-called grandiose statements of intent such as strings, pianos and soul-trained female backing vocalists, this is simply a case of mutton dressed as lamb and those lambs eventually being slaughtered."
AllMusic,20,"The truth is most of this new record is karaoke, too--it's just that, like their fans, the band are so desperate to mean something that they have the gall to call it 'new'."

musicOMH.com,90,"Yes is a super-concentrated hit of everything there is to enjoy about the Pet Shop Boys: danceable yet everyday pop, with irony behind the warmth and warmth behind the irony. One of their best."
Prefix Magazine,83,"The hooks on Yes are as smart as Tennant's mouth, and on tracks like 'Pandemonium,' the disco's so primal, you could smash your bone china to the beat."
Mojo,80,"For the first time in years, Pet Shop Boys sound thrillingly modern. The songs, too, are the finest in years."
Q Magazine,80,"In the grand, elegiac 'Legacy,' singer Neil Tennant delivers what's either a farewell kiss or simply a cheeky end to the most thoroughly heartfelt chapter in the pair's 25-year story."
BBC Music,80,"It sags mid-album, but the Brits won't demand a recount."
Drowned In Sound,80,"It's the same PSB sound--huge electronic hooks wed to archly recited lyrics. The only difference is almost every track here is a potential hit. [Apr 2009, p.100]"
Uncut,80,"Ultimately though, the credit for the triumph of Yes is Tennant & Lowe's. While Xenomania bring a confidence and focus, the big choruses and nagging melodies are present throughout."
Alternative Press,70,"Pet Shop Boys have been deeply entrenched in their sound for several albums now. They're practically a genre unto themselves; not many bands, much less American ones, are still making the sweeping, orchestral dance pop that PSB pioneered."
The Guardian,70,"They're in a slump with their songwriting, and subject-wise, every song here has a companion piece on some earlier album, but that doesn't mean the party is spoiled."
The New York Times,70,"Yes sounds fresh, dynamic, and vital, while paying plenty of respect to Pet Shop Boys storied career."
Boston Globe,70,"Fans hoping for a late-career renaissance might be let down, but the duo isn't slouching either."
PopMatters,67,"On the surface, this big-sounding album belongs with them, but the songs dont stand up to scrutiny in the same way."
Spin,60,"On their excellent 10th album, the music leans toward the ornate, with snatches of Tchaikovsky and spaghetti-Western atmospherics enveloping the synths and house beats."
Los Angeles Times,60,"Dont expect any major changes to their 50-million-records-sold formula. Neil Tennant and Chris Lowe keep things grandiose with paddy retro synths, discotheque drum machines and downtrodden lyrics."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"'The Way It Used To Be' is the best thing here, defiantly struggling against easy nostalgia, but nevertheless suggesting that the PSB melancholy vision of perfect pop is now, commercially, a period piece."
Rolling Stone,60,"Yes neither benefits nor suffers from Xenomania's attentions--only the opening Love Etc takes a co-writing credit--and it pootles along just as one would expect a moderate-to-strong Pet Shop Boys album to do."
Dot Music,60,"Factor in some amiable but lightweight filler and Yes falls maddeningly short of its glittering promise--a glimpse of pop nirvana when it should be the whole thing. [Apr 2009, p.109]"
Slant Magazine,50,"Its just a shame to have squandered the momentum of the Brits by turning in a weaker album than the lower key 'Fundamental;' a good two decades after the event, the Pet Shop Boys have well and truly entered middle age."
Pitchfork,49,"Tennant slaps his heart on his sleeve and gets on with things. The result isn't awful, although none of it is as spooky and playful as the cover of the Passions 'I'm In Love With a German Film Star' that the Boys produced for Sam Taylor-Wood last year."

The A.V. Club,100,"For their ninth studio album, the Welsh quintet go heavy on vamps, riffs, and refrains; the result is their most spontaneous and blissfully lax effort since 2000's 'Mwng.'"
Alternative Press,90,"Due to awkward, clunky sequencing, Dark Days/Light Years takes longer to reveal its charms than maybe it should. Despite this, its still a marvellous record and evidence that despite their increasing years, Super Furry Animals are a long way from being out of ideas."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),84,"With a sprawling soundscape and off-the-wall lyrics, Dark Day/Light Years is a quite trip--often in more ways than one."
Entertainment Weekly,83,"The results are as free-wheeling and inspired as the group has sounded in years-- Super-er and Furrier."
The A.V. Club,80,"It is a pleasure to report that the latest SFA opus is a joy from start to finish."
AllMusic,80,"So, business as usual then; SFA have made another enormously enjoyable record, but one that is unlikely to do an Elbow and suddenly make them a serious mainstream proposition again."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Dark Days/Light Years is their finest collection since 2003's 'Phantom Power,' a purple patch perhaps inspired by the band members' dalliances in various solo projects."
Spin,80,"The charm here is in hearing a veteran band who still really enjoy the process of getting in a studio and playing music together. And its great, still."
Billboard.com,80,"Without making any major alterations to their blueprint for music making, Super Furry Animals have nonetheless found a fresh and vibrant new corner of their odd little niche."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"If its their lighter side that appeals, theyve never made such a consistent pop album, and I use the term with not the slightest hint of cynicism."
Revolver,80,"This might just be their best record in a decade."
Slant Magazine,80,"Dark Days is vibrant and alive, an ever-flowing, ever-shifting, carousel of sound--some might miss the emphasis on song, but it's a ride that's hard to resist."
PopMatters,80,"On Dark Days/Light Years, their ninth album, The Furries consolidate their best ideas--electro leanings, hypnotic motorik excursions, catchy, hook-driven riffs and layers of vocal melodies."
Q Magazine,80,"This rethink has by no means robbed the band of its tunefulness, as the snappy 'Inaugural Trams' readily proves. But the dozen minutes of 'Pric,' which meanders charmingly around the musical map, are more representative of an outfit which is at its best wild and weird."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"Gruff Rhys returns from his sabbatical to release another crush of blissed-out psychedelia, crunching beats, sun-kissed harmonies and topsy-turvy rhythms. And what a blast it is, too. [May 2009, p.96]"
AllMusic,80,"With Dark Days/Light Years, the Furries have once again proven their worth: splendid musicianship, experimentation at its most sensible meaning and those proven hooks are all on display here."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Perhaps Dark Days is not a typical pop statement. But it works like a charm."
Alternative Press,80,"Playfullly irreverent and magpie-like as ever, and stuffed with inspired pop weirdness and great titles. [May 2009, p.119]"
Spin,80,"Blissful and vibrant, Dark Days is a party album, but one with a soothing, trance-inducing quality. Best listened to loudly and in a communal setting."
Under The Radar,80,"The album is a kaleidoscopic montage of stitiched-together riffs and motorik propulsion, sometimes sprawling in execution but exhilarating in its reach and reckless abandon. [Jun 2009, p.109]"
AllMusic,79,"At the risk of sounding redundant, this being Super Furry Animals, there just isnt that much to dislike."
BBC Music,60,"The stakes are low for Super Furry Animals, with their dedicated fanbase and slim commercial prospects, and the music reflects this. Theyre a legitimately great band, but sometimes one cant help but escape the feeling that all of their dedication is in service of a joke."
Mojo,50,"Flashes of fun appear--dig the glam-Sabbath stomp of 'Inconvenience'--but most of Dark could use more color."

Q Magazine,83,"It's all hook-riddled, fast, and ephemeral, and if you don't love it, your tie's too wide."
The A.V. Club,80,"Although the roster of the newly formed act Tinted Windows is a bit of a head-scratcher--middle Hanson brother Taylor Hanson, Fountains of Wayne's Adam Schlesinger, former Smashing Pumpkin James Iha and Cheap Trick drummer Bun E. Carlos--it all seems to make sense after one listen to the supergroup's self-titled debut."
PopMatters,75,"Tinted Windows self-titled debut is a buzzy, thumping, rousingly tuneful set of songs about broken hearts and adolescent need; its as wonderfully shallow and cleverly arranged as the classics of the genre."
Spin,70,"Bun E's very presence suggests that Tinted Windows might have a bit of Cheap Trick's feverish rock & roll, but the group errs on the side of caution, the product of a bunch of longtime veterans getting back to basics and playing their first love. While the former cancels out the latter ever so slightly--there's not much abandon here, only precision--the pleasure of the popcraft outweighs much of the caution in the construction, especially when the insistent hooks are delivered with such puppy-dog earnestness by Taylor Hanson."
Pitchfork,60,"Though the songs recall the Fountains' smart, well-crafted material, they lack that band's detailed lyrics (typical line: 'All I really want to say/Is I need you every day'). But these likable tunes usually hit their modest marks."
Uncut,60,"Tinted Windows' debut is even less left-field; these hook-crammed power-pop jams are safe and bouncy enough for Jo Bros fans and Stacy's mom alike."
Clash Music,35,"Ultimately, the whole of Tinted Windows is so much less than the sum of its considerable parts that it's almost tragic."
musicOMH.com,30,"Listeners are subjected to nothing more than a glorified boy band trying desperately to recapture a second wind."
Uncut,20,"Everyone plays it safe, no one takes a risk, and the end result is the most forgettable pop album to be released so far this year."

AllMusic,80,"Theres no better soundtrack to getting by and falling in love as the world wobbles unsteadily about us."
Paste Magazine,80,"Youd be hard pressed to say that they didnt get it right on the first two, but Touchdown unites all that is great about countrymen Arctic Monkeys."
PopMatters,80,"These Englishmen have learned impulse control. Frontman Eamon Hamilton's playful yelp has given way to a sturdier sound."
Q Magazine,80,"A slightly more polished and accessible album than their last, showing the band tightening their reigns slightly and turning in some of their tightest, cleanest work to date."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Fizzing with energy and wearing its Pixies hat with pride, Touchdown is a blast of brain-scrambled indie rock that reaches its apogee, of sorts, on the irresisitibly dumb 'Hey, Hey.' [May 2009, p.119]"
NOW Magazine,78,"Touchdown is the band at its best, most consistent and crowd-pleasing to date. [Spring 2009, p.106]"
AllMusic,77,"Although only one song passes the five-minute mark, Touchdown overflows with ideas imaginatively sifted from a range of genres, and feels honest, infectious, and personable from beginning to end."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Touchdown is a concise, flab-free 35 minutes of music made by a band, which despite their collective CVs, probably wouldn't be picked out of a line-up."
Clash Music,70,"There are fewer moments of reckless genre experiments on Touchdown than there were on past Brakes efforts, and when there are, they feel purposeful, like the band had some alt-country (or quick punk song) quota to fill."
PopMatters,67,"Oddly, the once-acerbic group is now best at being sweetly lovestruck. Now they need another facet that works as well."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Brakes, and this is not a criticism, are at their best when they do the opposite, pretending to be a nerdy indie-rock group while actually recording songs that are dumb as rocks. [May 2009, p.79]"
Mojo,60,"While not bringing many surprises, it will please existing fans and win more than a few new ones. [Spring 2009, p.64]"
BBC Music,60,"brakesbrakesbrakes are as eclectic (musically) and clever (lyrically) as ever on their third album. [June 2009, p.98]"
Pitchfork,50,"The band's third full-length, Touchdown, is more of a 10-yard pass than a score."

New Musical Express (NME),91,"While its misleading to call an album mature when it plunders rock history for riffs and features an ode to comic books, Argos has done some growing up."
Tiny Mix Tapes,91,"How many great songs about rock and roll can one man write before he gets tiresome? We may find out."
Uncut,90,"Two albums later, on yet another ingeniously titled album, Art Brut vs. Satan, the band members have done something no one expected: Theyve turned into socially conscious critics of their woebegone generation without losing the charm that made fans love them in the first place."
Prefix Magazine,80,"They may be eternal adolescents, but they're also true believers in what made rock & roll great in the first place. They won't hide--can't hide--that enthusiasm, and it's contagious on Art Brut vs. Satan."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Art Brut havent made the record thatll reverse their gradual slide back towards cult. But they have at least made the one thatll make the cult even more fervent."
AllMusic,80,"Art Brut have retained their cheeky nature from earlier albums--the riffs and grooves are tight, and the lyrics are clever."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Francis' production has noticeably tightened the band's sound, as Freddy Feedback's bass bounces crisply alongside dueling riffs. Art Brut may never shed its screwball charisma, but Satan is a successful step in a mature direction."
Pitchfork,80,"Art Brut Vs. Satan is compelling for three crucial reasons. First: Black Francis--a guy who knows something about charging guitar rock--produced the sessions. Second: The guitar subterfuge of Jasper Future and Ian Catskilkin, drive home these songs with a renewed enthusiasm. Lastly: Frontman Eddie Argos' sing-speak ruminations are inspired once again. [Jun 2009, p.108]"
PopMatters,80,"One trick ponies, yes, but it's a good trick. [Jun 2009, p.83]"
AllMusic,77,"Black gets the Art Brut spirit down on record better than anyone has before, with the blazing pop-metal vainglory of Weezer, the scruffy cheekiness of early Rough Trade bands, and lots of enthusiastic backing vocals. Fun for them, fun for us."
Uncut,76,"The record's personlaity wins over, and the evil guitars do too. [Spring 2009, p.98]"
BBC Music,70,"The erstwhile pixies preacher takes compliant care of Art Brut's ludicrous good name--rock-fanboy allusions and cheeky declaratives are well repped."
PopMatters,70,"As always, the level of enjoyment depends on your patience for this kind of reflective, hollowly structured post-music, which examines the constructs of its genre even as it pushes forward with them at full speed."
Rolling Stone,70,"Produced by the Pixies' Frank Black, the band's third album is pretty straight-forward musically, all chugging indie rock with fat bass lines and scribbled guitar solos."
Q Magazine,70,"With Art Brut Vs. Satan the rest of the band is, more than ever, their own entity."
Mojo,70,"Frank Black's stripped down, workman-like approach to these recordings has allowed for this act's still building talent to shine through. [Spring 2009, p.64]"
Drowned In Sound,70,"The shtick can grow wearying several songs in. But then Argos disarms you by joking about his own archness."
Rock Sound,62,"Frank Black doing a perfectly fine job producing totally average Art Brut material cant help but inspire a resounding meh, a minor pleasantry worth neither cheers nor jeers but maybe a little shoulder-shrug and a smile."
Sputnikmusic,60,"Art Brut vs. Satan is somewhere in the middle; good enough to be worth a couple of listens but enough bad at times to frustrate and make you wonder what might have been."
Q Magazine,60,"The results may finally help them to escape the label of a light-hearted Fall with singer Eddie E. Smith. [Jun 2009, p.96]"
BBC Music,60,"The results are hyperactive and punky. [Jun 2009, p.117]"
New Musical Express (NME),50,"There's no denying that, three albums in, the winning novelty of Art Brut's tightly defined project is beginning to wear off."
The Guardian,50,"Robbed of any arch qualities they might previously have hinted at, Art Brut are shown up as cuddly pop-comedians happy to tell the same joke over and over, devoid of any real insight and normal to the extent that you half-expect Argos to launch into a diatribe against aeroplane food."
musicOMH.com,50,"For Art Brut vs. Satan, the band didnt need Frank Black to give them an edge; they needed a mentor to help them focus on their real message: changing the musical landscape. Satan may have won this round, but dont count out Art Brut. Not just yet."

Uncut,100,"With Nothing, Manchester Orchestra have created what will ineveitably be regarded as one of the landmark releases of 2009, and more noticeable they've exceeded the hype that's surrounded them for nearly three years. [May 2009, p.109]"
Mojo,91,"The young band has learned a great secret: Its possible to make a massive, commercial, go-for-the-gusto Rock Record while still holding on to dark idiosyncrasies and seriousness of purpose."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),80,"The unabashed emotion in their all-out approach will surely appeal to fans of raw yet sentimental Southern rock, Weezer and Modest Mouse followers, and angst-ridden teens."
The A.V. Club,80,"Despite a couple of forgettable tracks near the end (the bland Tony The Tiger, and the overlong Everything To Nothing) then, this is an album that wears its befuddled, het-up, over-emotional heart on its sleeve, and is all the better, less slick and more interesting for it."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Mean Everything to Nothing is an excellent record, but no better or worse than its predecessor. Its just different."
Los Angeles Times,78,"This sort of sincerity is what makes a good album, and it's what too many records these days are missing. [Spring 2009, p.100]"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"With this foulmouthed, backsliding rock, Hull and his flock do Dixie real proud."
Paste Magazine,70,"Manchester Orchestra are from Atlanta and play loud/quiet grunge. Nothing new then, but fans of the Pixies and Weezer will love it."
Pitchfork,70,"Everything also packs enough stadium-rocking grit for Kings of Leon-loving heathens. Lord help them."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Hull's mistakes are few on Mean Everything to Nothing, an album that probably signals the youngster coming into his own."
Billboard.com,60,"Mean Everything to Nothing has its moments and shows Hull to be a decent enough songwriter, but there's ultimately too much outright mimicry on display and not enough originality for it to have any longevity."
Rolling Stone,55,"Though Manchester Orchestras dedication points to the possibility of good things in the future, Mean Everything to Nothing falls largely flat."
Spin,52,"When they're satisfied with rocking the fuck out, they do it exceedingly well, but when they try to acquire the adult answers, they'd do well to chill out and enjoy being young."
musicOMH.com,40,"Thir second album is suitably heavy on post-adolescent angst but, for all frontman Andy Hull's best efforts, singularly lacking it's own voice. [Jun 2009, p.134]"

The Guardian,83,"But given the infectiously goofy tunes on Love the Future--the Beastie Boys covering the Beach Boys?--it might not be long till Wallach's girl trouble is real."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Could this really be Chester French's first album? Love the Future sounds too wise--and too catchy--to possibly be the debut from recent Harvard grads D.A. Wallach and Max Drummey"
Slant Magazine,80,"Chester French have deftly balanced the thrills of newness with the reliability of the old--not bad a for a couple of graduates."
Boston Globe,70,"Their major-label debut gets by on smarmy-smooth suburban- pop melodies, cheeky genre mash-ups, and good bad jokes."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Too intelligent and well-crafted to dismiss but too disjointed and self-indulgent to really embrace, Love the Future is equally frustrating and promising."
Uncut,60,"The end result isn't quite as lovable as they'd like."
Clash Music,60,"Though a few of the songs on Love the Future fail to capture the spark of their early successes, overall its a fairly impressive introductory statement."
Hot Press,40,"The band's way with a catchy hook and a summery, laid back vibe may yet see them overtake Maroon 5, but that's where their lofty thoughts should settle for now."
NOW Magazine,30,"None of the bands stylistic flourishes are pulled off well enough to convince you they could do one style effectively, nonetheless the 10 they try out here."
Urb,30,"Though theres a lot to dislike, theres also the bones of something interesting here. If only theyd stuck with making more numbers like the enticing Adam Green-ish gypsy pop of Neal, they might just have won us over."
No Ripcord,20,"Their full-length debut--anchored by sunny 60s-style pop festooned with strings and heavy-handed synths--also includes a Portugese track, a classical-music interlude and (enough already!) a tap-dance routine."

PopMatters,90,"My Maudlin Career is the kind of record that exists to reward those both mad, and sad, in love."
Observer Music Monthly,90,"Occasionally shrouded in sadness but with happiness always beating from its core, My Maudlin Career lays bare the sweet melancholy of love."
AllMusic,89,"Its an infectious album that blooms repeatedly throughout, unfolding in muted, endearing aural hues; simultaneously sad and celebratory, and always charming."
Lost At Sea,83,"Maturity is a central concept to Camera Obscura--Campbell's found it in her singing, but in her lyrics, the search continues. The asymmetries in her personality give her songs their distinct character."
Mojo,83,"Clever, catchy, and moody, Maudlin Career is what contemporary pop music should be. It is wholly as satisfying as Campbell is unsatisfied."
Q Magazine,82,"The echo-chamber drums and forlorn strings crescendos that epitomize Camera Obscura's discography blossom on standouts like the Ronettes-like single 'French Navy,' country-rocker 'Forest And Sands,' and full-band travelogue pouter 'The Sweetest Thing.' [Spring 2009, p.100]"
Austin Chronicle,80,"If My Maudlin Career falls a tiny bit short of 'Let's Get Out of This Country,' and it does, it's only because that album was so wonderful."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"This, their fourth album, feels like a breakthrough, more polished and poised to build on cult 2006 single 'Lloyd, Are You Ready to Be Heartbroken?'"
Under The Radar,80,"The bands finest work, My Maudlin Career continues the pop rush weve come to expect from Camera Obscura but also develops the bands sound and identity in significant ways."
Sputnikmusic,80,"The result is a flawless blend of sunny pop, Motown, blues and jazz with the cleanest production in Camera Obscura's catalog."
Dot Music,80,"My Maudlin Career offers soul and sophistication in abundance."
Drowned In Sound,80,"My Maudlin Career is a wonderful set of songs and can deservedly sit alongside Lets Get Out Of This Country while showcasing how far Camera Obscura have come since their patchy yet charming dbut, Biggest Bluest Hi-Fi."
cokemachineglow,80,"Her Dusty-meetsNancy tones glide as imperiously over violin-caressed opener 'French Navy' as on lustrous indie-country upgrade 'You Told A Lie,' reaching sublime lvels of heartache on the Spectoresque title track. [Jun 2009, p.109]"
Alternative Press,80,"Campbell's gorgeous, heartbreaking and--well--maudlin songs deserve to be heard by an audience far wider than Camera Obscura's current cult- indie-pop devoteees. [Jun 2009, p.119]"
Chicago Tribune,80,"As a unit, the group amassed some of the best music of their careers onto this singular, effusively sentimental, career."
Tiny Mix Tapes,76,"My Maudlin Career is just such a uniformly endearing record. Its sentimental, yes, but pleasantly so, charming in its own little way."
The A.V. Club,75,"Over the course of one great LP (2004s 'Underachievers Please Try Harder'), one pretty great one (2006s 'Lets Get Out of This Country'), and now My Maudlin Career, Camera Obscura have arrived at a sound centered on Campbells self-reflective loneliness and their lifting of all the best of 60s music--a sound they own by themselves."
Alternative Press,70,"It's the musical equivalent of the death of Bambi's mother: exquisitely rendered, but, once experienced for the first time, you need to steel yourself for subsequent visits."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"Luckily, for both the album and its audience, the band's perseverance results in hits more often than misses."
musicOMH.com,70,"On their fourth album, this Scottish indie-pop band's fondness for woeful heartache and Phil Spectoresque production reaches a poignant peak."
Rock Sound,70,"My Maudlin Career may not be the kind of album that breaks new ground or does anything particularly forward-looking musically, but what it lacks in that department it more than makes up for with intelligent pop hooks and some of the loveliest string arrangements of recent memory."
Filter,70,"While the twinkling piano of the title track illustrates the sort of contained feeling that reminds us why the bar was set so high to begin with. Only the dull 'Careless Love' and unnecessary album closer 'Honey In The Sun' detract. [Spring 2009, p.65]"
Billboard.com,70,"It might sound formulaic, if it weren't so gorgeous. [Jun 2009, p.102]"
Boston Globe,67,"The songs work best when the band sticks to the balsa-wood wall of sound formula; they get into a spot of trouble when trying something different."
Spin,60,"Nothing is a strong as 'Hey Lloyd...' and Traceyanne Campbell's lachrymose croon is struggling to find new melodies, but on tracks like 'French Navy' and 'Honey In The Sun,' CO remain heartbreakingly lucid. [May 2009, p.80]"

Clash Music,81,"While Mythomania doesnt necessarily punch its way out of that paper bag, the album does feel more immediate, its melodies are more memorable, and the songs do occasionally allow themselves to become more ragged."
BBC Music,80,"Mythomania is overdriven, with sparks flying from the bolts in its neck and fruit machine cherries lining up in its vacant eye sockets. But it sounds perfect somehow."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"The lyrics, sometimes also sung by Mr. Cohen, abound in surrealistic metaphor: the bloom of a flower in darkness, the derisive laughter of the moon. Yet there are lines, and even entire songs, that beg to be taken at face value."
Rolling Stone,76,"It's deeper than you think. [Spring 2009, p.103]"
Sputnikmusic,75,"While the band remains true to its less-is-more instincts, Mythomanias songs stand as fully developed structures that take advantage of their limited instrumentation."
Slant Magazine,70,"Even though Cryptacize remain difficult to pin down, the chances they take on Mythomania bring them a little bit closer to reach."
AllMusic,70,"Finding unique ways to handle empty space and unorthodox arrangements has always been Cohen's greatest strength, and here that skill helps to mottle his most straightforward material to date."
Uncut,70,"It's an across the board improvement that finds ex-Deerhoof guitarist Chris Cohen sharper, drummer Michael Carreira's work more tasteful and deliberate, and vocalist Nedelle Torrisi's performances even more dynamic and beautiful. [Spring 2009, p.65]"
Mojo,60,"Cryptacize have made an album that sounds welcomingly familiar for fans of Cohens aesthetic, but it wont likely gain them a much wider fanbase."
No Ripcord,60,"It stands alone as an album which is well-rounded--there's not much here which is lacking in quality, but much is lacking oomph."
PopMatters,60,"With their second album, Cryptacize have given us something much more sure-footed, and with a little more depth, than what weve heard before."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"When their sound tends towards the more coherent and homogeneous (even on the excellent title track) they risk falling victim to an imitativeness, or perhaps simply a lack of aesthetic ambitiousness, that threatens to overwhelm the originality that they bring to the table."
Q Magazine,50,"Mythomanias level of sophistication is not hard to achieve and it certainly does nothing to elevate Cohens abilities, his contributions to Deerhoof being markedly superior."
Boston Globe,40,"Cryptacize's latest squanders the band's natural resource: singer Nedelle Torrisi."

Los Angeles Times,70,"It's a record for parties, for escaping the grind, and for enjoying your relaxing drug of choice."
Billboard.com,70,"Still Flyin are a silly, dumb blast of a bash worth attending."
Rolling Stone,60,"If you can fight through the toxic stench of cod-reggae that envelops the opening track, this 15-strong San Franciscan jug band have certainly got something."
AllMusic,60,"If Never Gonna Touch the Ground is less a party album and more an album as party--self-contained, relentlessly upbeat, rowdy, self-celebratory--too many of these songs come across as kegs of near beer."
Uncut,60,"Unoriginality issues aside, this zealous band knows how to have fun."
Mojo,40,"Their debut bounces up and down rather a lot, resorting to ska-punk when everything fails. [May 2009, p.119]"

Entertainment Weekly,80,"Cage the Elephant didn't exist until 2005, but as this self-titled album demonstrates, their ability to be influenced by alternative rock and classic rock simultaneously is a definite plus."
Hot Press,80,"The group's self-titled debut shows that it has more than one flashy single to offer."
Slant Magazine,60,"Despite callow lyrics and what sounds like an unfortunate Nineties rock-rap influence--'In One Ear' sports G. Love and Special Sauce-style rhyming--Cage the Elephant make a fine mess on their debut."
Q Magazine,60,"There's a Red Bull-powered Stooges lurking in here somewhere, and when Cage the Elephant can transfer their live power to record, they'll be unstoppable."
The A.V. Club,40,"In the context of a studio recording, Cage The Elephant's premiere isn't far off insufferable."
Slant Magazine,30,"Its a fatal flaw that rears itself again and again as a bastardised version of blue-collar Americana is force-fed a mass-produced strain of bland modern rock throughout all eleven tracks."

Pitchfork,80,"Shallow Life finds them adding substance, specifically Evanescence-esque mass-appeal anthems tailor-made for radio. [Jun 2009, p.119]"
XLR8r,60,"It's a shame that in those rare moments Lacuna Coil do stick out their necks, the results are the uninspired, tepid radio rock of Shalow Life's 'Unchained' and 'The Pain.' [Jun 2009, p.104]"
Lost At Sea,60,"Those incessant choruses this band is so good at continue to dominate, and yet again, its what ultimately compels us to think of the album as decent instead of merely middling."
cokemachineglow,60,"At the end of the day, this album might not be what the change-resistant fans wanted to hear but it was necessary and more importantly, they pull it off quite well."

Drowned In Sound,90,"Combine the above average writing with the production skills of longtime Cleaves collaborator Gurf Morlix (who also contributes his legendary guitar on Everything You Love Will Be Taken Away) and youve got yourself a frontrunner for Americana album of the year."
Dusted Magazine,89,"Even with producers Billy Harvey, Charles Arthur, and Gurf Morlix lending their talents, Everything You Love plays seamlessly, like one of Lucinda Williams' classic early albums, pristine, honest, and lingering."
Under The Radar,70,"The stories are told over attractive folk/country/rock arrangements, which to some extent ameliorate the gloom."
AllMusic,60,"This set stands out as Cleaves' most engaging release since 'Broke Down' back in 2000. [Aug 2009, p.104]"

musicOMH.com,80,"Though the stylistic lucidity of Please and Thank You will sound like monotony to some, what I tend to hear is a consistently strong batch of songs with a casual sort of thematic unity to them."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Graceful and witty with 'Old Wounds' and mordant and terse in the spiky 'St. Albans,' while the sublime 'Mimi' reveals a storyteller's eye for nuance and character. [May 2009, p.102]"
PopMatters,60,"they'll probably stay under the radar, but this seventh album is required listening for anyone with a penchant for observational lyrics sung in an impossibly world-weary voice."
BBC Music,60,"The BFB have constructed thier new LP around the theme of 'being nice to people,' although their lyrics drip with irony and thier musical tone is gruff. [May 2009, p.79]"
Clash Music,50,"It would be nice to see The Broken Family Band attempting something other than the boringly retrograde rock on display in Please And Thank You."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"No matter what instruments are used, their weedy, aggro-pop retains the impression that its the chosen soundtrack for lifeless 35-year-olds stuck uncomfortably in suburbia."

Paste Magazine,91,"The album only has two full-fledged ballads, and while they dont burst with the same life as the rest of the record, they showcase the songwriting and performance chops that should earn Maria a notable career beyond this impressive debut."
The Guardian,90,"Ida Maria throws herself into every song as if it's all a big finale, which makes for an auspicious beginning."
Uncut,90,"The result of that little informal challenge is Fortress Around My Heart, the Norwegian singers debut album that expertly blends her throaty punk vocals with an infectious pop sensibility."
Q Magazine,80,"While the 23-year-old will make more complex music than this, it will be tough to come up with something more fun. [Aug 2008, p.140]"
Mojo,75,"Still, overreaching is a forgivable flaw on an otherwise accomplished debut, which usually sounds so confident in its creator's insecurities."
Entertainment Weekly,75,"Ida Maria plays the husky-voiced brunet banshee to the hilt, spinning tales of 43-year-old prostitutes ('Stella') and drunken benders ('Louie') with admirably fearless fervor."
PopMatters,75,"She makes time for more gentle numbers, like the misty empty-bed ballad 'Keep Me Warm,' but the general mood is a tough pirouette--a party album where staying out is your best defense from going home."
Paste Magazine,70,"The foursome sound like they're making it up as they go along on much of Fortress, and Sivertsen could go easier on the drunken confessionals. But you can only argue so much with an album this warm and tuneful."
musicOMH.com,70,"Its a confident, downright cracking debut record, and late to the party as we in North America may be, when the musics a fun as this, it hardly matters at all."
The Guardian,70,"Listeners will have to wait and see on that score, whether she grows up and calms down or if age only sharpens her rage, but for all her all-too-human flaws, with a set of songs this strong, it's safe to say her time has already arrived."
Mojo,70,"The more conventional tracks prevent the album from reaching a true fever pitch, but even they are elevated by Maria's primal wail."
Uncut,70,"Charmingly blunt and unpolished, Fortress instantly casts Maria as a distinctive talent among her established Scandinavian contemporaries."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Shes great, but Lord, its heavy-going."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"There are moments of decently sassy pop-rock here, songs that you can just about see someone singing along to, hairbrush for microphone, in front of the mirror before a night out. But these moments are few and far between, and are exclusively the tracks featuring a vaguely vibrant BPM count."
Q Magazine,50,"A good first try for an album, but it's just not quite there yet."
Filter,40,"Sivertsen wants to be seen as out-of-control, but instead sounds more like she is pretending to be drunk."
Pitchfork,40,"Maria too often comes across as someone who gives so much of herself to this record in an attempt to believe her own lie. [Spring 2009, p.76]"

The Boston Phoenix,80,"Owen and Hobbs could have just rewritten their debut note for note, but instead they have chosen to take us on a journey that many of us know all too well. Here's waiting for the next instalment."
Clash Music,80,"Good news for those who loved the debuts melodies: plenty of material on The Law of the Playground gives that luxuriant pleasure."
The New York Times,75,"As strong and unusual as The Law of the Playground is, especially out of step in 2009, it never quite feels as inspired, as fraught with conflicted beauty, as past songs 'Paper Cuts' or 'Be Gentle With Me' or 'Monsters.'"
AllMusic,70,"The English duo's cheeky moniker implies some kind of inferiority complex, and while Owen is certainly not immune to wallowing, he spends the group's sophomore album examining loneliness and isolation through a number of different lenses."
Slant Magazine,70,"Boasting enough sugary banjos, glockenspiels, and handclaps to give a Teletubby diabetes, The Boy Least Likely To animate their softly sung indie twang with nonstop hooks, bright production, and gently acknowledged adult anxieties. Beneath lyrics celebrating balloons and whiskers lie bittersweet longings."
Under The Radar,70,"Playground is a charming enough sequel, tailor-made for calm Saturday afternoon respites under the maples. [Winter 2009, p.70]"
NOW Magazine,70,"While the idea of artistic maturity might seem anathema to the very appeal of the Boy Least Likely To, Playground marks the pair's awkward first steps toward adulthood."
Los Angeles Times,60,"Anyone who fails to see the appeal of men in their 20s producing nursery-rhyme cuteness will find The Law of the Playground deeply irritating, but connoisseurs of this kind of thing will be in heaven."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"A little less studio craft would have improved The Law of the Playground quite measurably and possibly put it on the same level as Best Party, since the songcraft and performances are nearly equal."
AllMusic,60,"The Brit indiepop act is still playing with glockenspiels and xylophones, churning out cute, charming tunes. But this time, the lyrics are a bit darker."
Boston Globe,58,"Their songs do run deeper than they seem, but you have to listen closely and push through fluff. It was cute the first time, but now it's just awkward. [Winter 2009, p.97]"
Spin,40,"It's all terribly cute and jaunty, with twee melodies and playground lyrics to the fore. [May 2009, p.107]"
Uncut,30,"Now, theres nothing wrong with something throwaway now and again, but its difficult to stomach over the course of eleven tracks."

Billboard.com,100,"Sometimes I Wish We Were An Eagle is a record of grand hopes and epic imagery, and powerful, uplifting music--the most accomplished of his 20-year career. [Apr 2009, p.102]"
Under The Radar,100,"Hes resonating some true beauty here; entirely lost in his nostalgic feelings and openly retrospective about where he has been, Sometimes I Wish We Were an Eagle is absolutely beautiful."
PopMatters,91,"What makes Eagle so strong is that the music stayed light, and those bucolic splashes of washed-out color contrast so well against Bill Callahans blues."
Pitchfork,90,"Eagle is the ultimate cohesion of Callahans singular storytelling and bewitching delivery."
Prefix Magazine,88,"Callahan sprinkles his world-weary perspective with enough wry humor to make the album pleasant and endearing."
Clash Music,83,"If 'Woke On A Whaleheart' (2007) was the cuckoo clock, Sometimes I Wish We Were An Eagles Callahans triumphant Renaissance."
Mojo,81,"His vantage from Eagle is one of textured ambivalence; his images split and shimmer like double-exposures, immediately releasing an obvious meaning quickly followed by a subtler one that equivocates the first."
The New York Times,80,"While the dewy-eyed mood of his last album, 'Woke on a Whaleheart,' suggested Callahan's romantic entanglement with Joanna Newsom had turned his brain to mush, this miraculous return to form finds the artist formerly known as Smog losing his girl, but rediscovering his mojo."
AllMusic,80,"Eagle is as good as anything he's ever done."
Q Magazine,80,"A quiet return to form."
PopMatters,80,"Consistently literate and full of the comfortable resonance of his unique voice, Eagle once again proves Callahan to be as ageless as the forest."
Billboard.com,80,"The music is imaginative like a good dream--not the kind some of his older records intimated, the kind in which youre walking but cant move forward."
Boston Globe,80,"Its that prickliness that makes this record intriguing, and durable enough to reward repeat listens."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"The entire first half of Eagle shows Callahan as a much more evolved and mature musician. He appears more comfortable expanding his musical space, and he exercises tasteful restraint with Beatties strings."
AllMusic,80,"As if in an attempt to gain the attributes of the albums namesake bird, the songs on Eagle feel like theyre rising on thermals, shifting and soaring effortlessly where the wind takes them. And occasionally they dive right for your throat."
PopMatters,80,"It is perhaps a seminal new chapter in Callahan's oeuvre of higher yet lo-fi outsider music."
BBC Music,75,"This may not have any of the hard-hitting jabs his best Smog records had, but I Wish We Were An Eagle is a subtler, more bittersweet heartbreak."
Drowned In Sound,70,"To that extent Sometimes I Wish We Were An Eagle seems like a return to older pastures--Callahans vocals again dominate, the production is more intimate, the songs themselves are again driven forward by the self-same rhythmic percussion and simple guitar riffs that became Callahans signature style over the last decade."
Mojo,67,"2007's stellar Woke on a Whaleheart found him miles from Smog's lo-fi folk prophesies, the music revived, almost jubilant. Eagle's halfway there but sounds preoccupied, his stoic baritone never giving too much away."
Uncut,60,"It's reminiscent at times to what pal and label stablemate Will Oldham did on Bonnie 'Prince' Billy Sings Greatest Palace Music."
musicOMH.com,60,"The overlong 'Faith/Void' aside, this is another absorbing collection. [Apr 2009, p.100]"
Under The Radar,60,"The uneven Sometimes I Wish We Were An Eagle finds Callahan's knack for twangy crispness, pastoral imagery, and stone-faced singing very much intact, though he adopts a distinct growl to utter the title of 'My Friends.'"
Pitchfork,50,"There are moments peaking around 'The Wind And The Dove' with its gauzy Wurlitzer and 'Thief Of Baghdad arrangements. Later, 'Rococo Zephyr' and 'My Friend' start in interesting places but slowly dissolve into the album's clunky tail section. [Spring 2009, p.65]"

The Guardian,90,"This isnt the breakthrough album that nobody expected. This is precisely the album everyone was waiting for from Metric, a culmination of all their strengths and a slicing off of the fat that may have slowed them down in the past."
Boston Globe,90,"Fantasies has solid musicianship, simple yet poetic and meaningful lyrics, a myriad of melodies, and hooks that are memorable and exciting."
AllMusic,88,"There's plenty of apprehension in Metric's lyrics, but Fantasies isn't about wallowing. As Haines sings, 'If somebody's got soul, you've got to make them move.' Metric more than gets the job done."
Los Angeles Times,88,"The complex emotional duality of the disc is nothing less than penetrating. Most of the tracks are danceable as well as lonesome, and can be enjoyed in a variety of settings."
Spin,83,"Danceable though they may be, these songs are also fighting some pretty serious gloom."
The A.V. Club,80,"Fantasies is not only a top notch record that effectively picks up where Metric left off at 'Live it Out,' but with a sense of genuineness that some of the band's contemporaries have lost."
Sputnikmusic,80,"The first three tracks build with effortless new-wave energy, making Fantasies an album youd want to listen to while pre-drinking."
Sputnikmusic,80,"There's nothing small or careful about Fantasies--it's a full-on bid for pop glory and it's a smashing success."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Fantasies finds Metric displaying a progression and maturity that comes as easy to them as swagger and general smarminess comes to most groups in their position."
AllMusic,80,"Metric is back with its strongest collection of songs so far."
Pitchfork,80,"Fantasies flows seemlessly from song to engaging song, with less focus on the dance-based instrumentals of 'Old World' and greater attention to frontwoman Emily Haines' thoughtful lyrics and lilting voice. [May 2009, p.112]"
Filter,80,"Fantasies deserves the success 'Live It Out' failed to achieve."
Alternative Press,80,"The Canadian quartet is back with Fantasies, another extra-strength pop album, anchored by 'Help I'm Alive,' another extra-strength pop anthem."
cokemachineglow,80,"She's softened the edges just enough for you to find a way in and it pretty much liberates the whole record. The transformation overall is nothing short of terrific."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Theyve certainly lost none of the delicious oddball energy that comfortably pitches their carefree electronic and romance-heavy tunes as the work of a lounge Yeah Yeah Yeahs."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"You cant help but feel that all those who have ignored Metric in 2009 are simply missing out. Fantasies is proof that you can make big event music that doesnt make you die on the inside."
NOW Magazine,75,"Fantasies finds her taking tentative steps toward optimism--the best possible outcome of getting back to basics."
PopMatters,74,"Fanatsies may not have 'Live It Out's' fire, but it smolders just fine, thank you very much. [Spring 2009, p.92]"
Under The Radar,70,"Standing alone, Fantasies is an accomplished, enjoyable LP. Next to its siblings in the Metric back catalogue, however, it seems to lack urgency, a sense of the essential, dynamism, and even the touch of righteous anger that made itself known now and then."
Los Angeles Times,70,"This Canadian-American hipster quartet's first record in four years has an electrophile slickness, not to mention a set of catchy songs."
Spin,70,"Fantasies is a welcome return, but it's not without flaws."
Dusted Magazine,70,"The fourth disc from her Toronto foursome Metric adds brawn, finesse and grandeur to their new-wave drive and Morse-code guitar scrapes."
No Ripcord,70,"The Canadian quartet continues to polish its spacey, new wave-colored sound that's heavy with buzzing synths and echoed vocals."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Fantasies resonates like its predecessors and enjoys consistency, although it's over in a breeze. [Spring 2009, p.67]"
Rolling Stone,64,"The story here though is the album's simmering, intimate moments--and despite the fanbase-building qualities of their new-wave past, the more the group embraces an inky, ambient future, the better it  could get."
Slant Magazine,60,"Emily Haines remains a commanding frontwoman, but where once she railed against war and consumerism, here she sticks to wishy-washy reflections on love and life. [Jun 2009, p.127]"
Rock Sound,59,"Fantasies is, rather unfortunately but perhaps not surprisingly, just another Metric album."
Alternative Press,50,"While everything could be trimmed, Jimmy Shaw's razor guitar in 'Sick Muse' and 'Front Row' keeps things edgy."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"While it continues Metric's new-wave/loud-rock amalgam, the songs themselves fail to leave much of an impact."

Sputnikmusic,90,"Swoon is a bit of a dying whale of a record. In a good way; vast, dark, a little mysterious, sad, dignified and palpably in pain."
Slant Magazine,88,"If Swoon isn't quite this year's 'Tusk,' the Silversun Pickups are exploring fresh territory of their own and keeping it easy to follow."
AllMusic,80,"It's intimate, accessible, and--Pumpkins comparisons aside--fairly unique in today's scene. What more could one ask for?"
Billboard.com,80,"It would be thrilling to hear a Silversun Pickups record which finally shakes off all their influences and creates something entirely their own. Swoon isn't quite that record, but it takes them closer to that goal, and is a seductive, intricate thing of beauty in itself."
Q Magazine,80,"Heavier, headier, and roaring with a kind of rock assault unimaginable from its first, the band lays it all on the table from the get-go. [Spring 2009, p. 91]"
The Guardian,75,"It lacks some of Carnavas instant pleasures, but Swoon finds Silversun Pickups on the right path."
Rolling Stone,70,"Swoon, then, is a mixed listening experience, with the solemnity and over-seriousness of the general tone and the occasionally grating nature of that voice being more or less mitigated by some lovely melodies and first-rate guitar riffs."
Spin,70,"Swoon improves on the Pickups' 2006 debut, Carnavas, with less slavish writing and more articulated dynamics."
Dot Music,70,"The Pickups also pile on the sophomore-album enhancements here, deepening a sound that scarcely wanted for depth beforehand."
Uncut,70,"Auberts dude-sings-like-a-lady tenor conjures false hope for a relationship he knows is doomed. SSPU salute misery as a kind of ideal, the opposite of love but just as beautiful."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"The fuzzed out riffage and ethereal interludes are in place, but Swoon lacks the diverse textures, clever lyrics, and emotional depth that the Pumpkins honed over a 10 year span. And this is as it should be."
Boston Globe,67,"We are left with not so much a Pickup as a throwback: agreeable, but never truly unmissable."
Mojo,60,"They sound more attractive, though, when they excercise a little restraint, as on 'Substitution:' less dramatic, but less contrived, too."
The A.V. Club,60,"There's no denying that the darker mood suits them--although with Kevin Shields and co now out of retirement as well, it could be back to the drawing board again. [May 2009, p.119]"
AllMusic,53,"Swoon ultimately delivers the exact same results as its predecessor mostly because it's written in nearly the exact same way. The problem all along for the Silversun Pickups isn't that they sound too much like the Smashing Pumpkins. They just sound way too much like themselves."
Pitchfork,50,"It's pleasant enough, particularly when the breathy vocals fade away to leave behind cascades of guitars, but even at its best, it's nothing more than an approximation of Smashing Pumpkins at their peak, with all the interesting parts stripped away."
PopMatters,50,"Swoons self-induced flaws are endless, which is disappointing because Silversun Pickups seem like great musicians who could easily craft an exciting song--if they stepped out of the Pumpkins shadow."
RapReviews.com,50,"The Silversun Pickups show here that they've got a competent grasp of the amp-frying guitar soundscape, but someone needs to teach them how to write a decent rock song."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"This second album owes nothing to Kevin Shields and just about everything to the Smashing Pumpkins. [May 2009, p.69]"
Los Angeles Times,40,"For all the dazzling dynamics, much of it recalling the '90s from shoegaze to Sonic Youth, the writing leaves little lasting impression, and Brian Aubert's affected vocals drag things down. [Jul 2009, p.97]"
Rolling Stone,30,"Even a past-it Smashing Pumpkins reunion with only Corgan remaining is more acceptable than this awful mimickery and thats not a good place for a band to be."

New Musical Express (NME),80,"Amongst the nine tracks are some of Black's best work but although the album's ambience shifts - from the darkness in 'Black Suit' and 'Long Song' to the whimsy in 'Volcano!' and the breezy 'Break The Angels'--the consistency does not."
Billboard.com,80,"This, one, in its place [Pixies reunion], is fresh and really rather fab. [Mar 2009, p.106]"
AllMusic,80,"Black Francis has brewed up a pretty thirst-quenching prospect with Petits Fours the debut album from this new venture with his wife."
The New York Times,80,"The album may not be the most cohesive collection of songs, but its infinitely entertaining, delicate and precise in its construction, and a solid debut from a couple we can only hope to hear more from."
Slant Magazine,70,"Grand Duchy have enough fun on the album that more often than not, it's contagious."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"A record that blends his trademark guitar squalls and characteristically crunching bass with feathery synths. [Spring 2009, p.65]"
BBC Music,60,"Other tracks are a little less memorable, but the experiment's still worthwhile. [Mar 2009, p.98]"
Uncut,60,"'Black Suit' has a glimpse of where we might be had the Pixies never splintered. Elsewhere, though, the lyrics lack the ingenuity of Black's best, and Clarke's synth work feels like an awkward fit. [Mar 2009, p.86]"
Pitchfork,50,"It doesnt help that Clarks affection for 80s synth pop lays the sonic foundation for much of Petits Fours, and it also doesnt help that as it continues, Francis cedes an increasing amount of lead singing duties to his wife."
Drowned In Sound,20,"Petits Fours just has too many annoying bits about it to be good."

Rock Sound,80,"You Can Have What You Want falls a little short of the last record, Can't Go Back, just because it isn't as jaunty or light-hearted, but it is still an impressive work that should go a ways in providing some proof that the band has more depth and power than one might have thought if they just stuck to the surface"
Under The Radar,80,"His third album, with its surprisingly upbeat title, makes good on the escalating promise of his previous releases. [May 2009, p.110]"
Pitchfork,80,"This is much more than the sum of its parts, and a richly rewarding listen. [May 2009, p.95]"
Dusted Magazine,75,"It isn't new indie-rock territory, and spring is certainly an odd time to release such a puzzling (and puzzled) record, but I couldn't stop listening to it."
PopMatters,74,"If these songs are low-voltage wires that hum, buzz, whir, purr but rarely jolt, they yield just enough electricity to light the way forward."
No Ripcord,70,"You Can Have What You Want floats dusty folk-rock melodies in thick echo, giving the vocals an otherworldly cast."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"The albums less immediate than Cant Go Back, and this is actually one of the things that makes it, in the end, probably more lastingly entertaining."
cokemachineglow,70,"The point really, as it is with all of You Can Have What You Want, is that regardless of what era Papercuts are paying (unintentional) homage to, they always sound relevant and never out of step."
Boston Globe,70,"You Can Have What You Want demands the listener's utmost patience and attention before giving up its hidden treasures, but it is well worth the effort. [Spring 2009, p.67]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"You Can Have What You Want is an insular recording, but it invites us even as it turns a shoulder toward us. And that insecurity is what makes it compelling."
AllMusic,60,"By coloring within the lines of dream pop Quever has recorded a pleasant release but not necessarily one that goes beyond the normality of his band's moniker."
PopMatters,52,"You Can Have What You Want is like 'Turn on the Bright Lights' (2002) without the drama, without a voice as deep or distinct as Paul Banks, and without the hooks. Instead of all that, Papercuts opt for a vague, beige production and generally indecipherable lyrics that may or may not be about some kind of futuristic utopia/dystopia."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"The slow, dusky familiarity and lack of dynamics make for more of a groundhog day than transcendence into any fifth dimension."
Alternative Press,50,"The album's somnolence isn't as much atmospheric as it is stultifying. The production is so thick that the songs that do work."

Rolling Stone,83,"The Future Will Come is, by and large, a fun ride, all squiggly synth wah-wahs, airy vocal coos, and funked-up drums that beg for--and sometimes, as on the giddy closer 'Happy House,' deliver--more cowbell."
The A.V. Club,80,"The Future Will Come is the kind of album you could listen to loudly in a club, or at home with some headphones and it would suit either. Welcome back intelligent dance music, we've missed you."
Spin,80,"Its Dionysian disco: dynamic, decadent and utterly brilliant."
Los Angeles Times,80,"A cosmic, contemporary Human League."
Pitchfork,80,"Some of the 80s references take a few listens until they stop sounding goofy, and MacLeans deadpan vocals occasionally grate next to Whangs light and floating tone, but once your ears adjust, theres a lot to appreciate."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Maclean is clearly a scholar of electro/disco and each number is exquisitely arranged and executed, every synth sound modulates just so as it fades, every reference point lovingly rendered and the whole thing is buffed with a contemporary polish that eschews none of the off-kilter humanity that keeps disco delightfully distinct from its explicitly mechanised dancefloor cousins."
Boston Globe,80,"The frequent presence of full-time collaborator Nancy Whang's voice on many of the songs adds an extra element of melody that largely sees the record's intention true to the end."
Billboard.com,80,"The Future Will Come's title seems presciently loaded, its content primed for a mainstream meet'n'greet. [May 2009, p.108]"
AllMusic,75,"The Future Will Come is still a mostly solid as just about any full-length release on DFA, and if some of the best ideas die too soon or dont go far enough, at least they appear at all."
The New York Times,74,"Every track on The Future Will Come that hasn't already appeared as a single last year is a relatively short and succinct piece of work; think a bunch of radio edits instead of the 12' mixes. The good news is that brevity keeps some of these tracks from getting stretched thin."
Los Angeles Times,70,"While MacLean isnt a self-conscious wit, hes never seemed too invested in trying to not sound silly, and it doesnt cost him. Sometimes, when the darkness gets heavy, his limitations add a much-appreciated levity. As Brody Stevens might say, Enjoy it."
Rolling Stone,70,"Add the pipes of Nancy Whang on most tracks--giving Future a boy-girl dynamic--and there's a distinct suggestion that the Juan MacLean might just become the Human League after all."
The A.V. Club,70,"Mr. MacLeans attempt at naked vulnerability, on a ballad called 'Human Disaster,' may be this albums biggest misstep. But at least that song dissolves right into a near-perfect closer, 'Happy House,' which was released as a single last year."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"The Future Will Come blooms incrementally, driven from the ground by the grittiest keyboard performance heard on a dance album in some time."
Slant Magazine,70,"Nothing on this album quite lives up to the previous 'Give Me Every Little Thing,' but in the end, Maclean does make the case that he should continue hanging around the mixer for many years to come. [Winter 2009, p.100]"
The Guardian,60,"After missing the mark with his robotic, soulless 2005 debut, Juan comes to life on this followup, giving us stretchedout, clubwrecking grooves."
Q Magazine,60,"For much of The Future Will Come, however, Maclean frustratingly boxes himself into the synth-pop format of the Human League."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Taken as a whole, the album does have a certain cohesiveness thats lacking in most dance albums but many of the tracks fail to break new or interesting ground, and it leaves one wishing their potential of last summer couldve been realized."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Tracks such as the arresting Human League-meets-Georgio-Moroder fusion 'One Day' and the gloriously uninhibited finale 'Happy House' remian an irresistible invitation onto the dancefloor. [May 2009, p.113]"
The New York Times,60,"Neither MacLean nor vocal foil Nancy Whang has a strong enough voice for pop. Instead it's the surging 10-minute disco epics 'Tonight' and 'Happy House; that impress. [May 2009, p.89]"
Rolling Stone,60,"This is just the album to inspire you to turn your bedroom into a disco. [Spring 2009, p.79]"
Pitchfork,50,"The Future Will Come sticks too closely to a familiar middle ground that might be functional for the dance floor but ultimately offers diminishing returns in other settings."

Billboard.com,83,"Rennies choice of romantic imagery is as genially warped and haunted as ever."
No Ripcord,80,"On first listen, anyone familiar with the Handsome Family will keep waiting for someone to die or go insane as if wondering when the shoe will drop, but ultimately Honey Moon proves they can ease into more optimistic surroundings and not lose touch with the strange and ethereal qualities that have made them worthwhile."
Mojo,80,"Though answers don't come easily, the process of getting to know them is fascinating nonetheless."
Uncut,80,"All of this exceptionally solid music is a remarkably beautiful thing to witness."
Spin,80,"Each is gently strummed, sparsely drummed and deeply crooned by Brett. Rennie takes care of the lyrics (and a few sweet harmonies) and deftly avoids loves clichs."
Hot Press,80,"The lyrics are still all Rennie's, of course, teeming with mysterious metaphors and fantastical flights of fancy. [May 2009, p.90]"
RapReviews.com,72,"The album is full of similar tableaux: These songs are dioramas depicting the New Mexico wilderness as a reverberation of the couple's desires."
Pitchfork,70,"On their eighth album, spouses Brett and Rennie Sparks continue to put a brilliantly surreal twist on everyday subjects, using nature imagery to evoke the weird intensity of all-consuming passions."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Though The Handsome Family is still somewhat of an acquired tatse, Honey Moon should bring new converts. [Spring 2009, p.78]"
Paste Magazine,60,"Nuptial celebrations yield surreal pleasures from Odd-ball Americana Folkies."
AllMusic,60,"They're still at their best on offbeat musings. [May 2009, p.101]"
PopMatters,60,"If it sounds oh-so-ironic, it isn't; the Handsomes may exisit on country's oddball fringe, but they're no comedy act. [May 2009, p.112]"

Entertainment Weekly,83,"None of these songs wouldve found a great home on Narrow Stairs, but taken together, they make a worthy addition to a solid catalog."
AllMusic,81,"As the title suggests, The Open Door is full of fresh air, wide spaces and rollicking melodies--a welcome change from the tangled Big Sur woods and claustrophobia of 'Narrow Stairs.'"
musicOMH.com,70,"Such tunes may not have suited the bittersweet beauty of Stairs, but they're quite good in their own right, making The Open Door EP something more than a fans-only release."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"The EP highlight comes with 'My Mirror Speaks' recalling the bands dynamic work from 'Plans.'"
Rolling Stone,60,"Unless youre a desperate DCFC fan in need of satiation, The Open Door isnt worth the purchase."

Q Magazine,80,"The guitar-led epic soundscapes, choral chanting, woeful strings and portent keys on their debut A Love Of Shared Disasters are still present."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"The contrasts, themes, and sheer eclectics of the album make for something that any one person can listen to, and relate to."
Spin,80,"Over the course of 80 compelling minutes they roam laggardly through rural post-rock, prog, folk, ambient and doom metal pastures without ever trying your patience. [May 2009, p.80]"
The Guardian,80,"Floyd kick the shit out of 99 percent of the current post-rock crop, so you can't fault CBP for clinging to Picasso's claim that 'Good artists copy; great artists steal.' [Jun 2009, p.104]"
Dot Music,70,"The 77-minute epic is absolutely far too long for some. But it is certainly worth sticking around for, even if the third track--a three-part, 18-minute 'Time of Ye Life/Born For Nothing/Paranoid Arm of Narcoleptic Empire'--appears daunting."
Hot Press,60,"This 77-minute abbreviation includes the 18-minute triptych 'Time Of Ye Life/Born For Nothing/Paranoid Arm Of Narcoleptic Empire, typifying CBP's simmering conflagration of Mogwai, Godspeed! and The God Machine. [May 2009, p.109]"
Slant Magazine,55,"Despite these head-scratching derailments, 200 Tons of Bad Luck brings the gloom in Biblical doses."

Billboard.com,80,"Theres enough depth and variety here to keep you entertained after the first listen."
PopMatters,70,"This new one is definitely worth checking out, or maybe even seeking out, if you dig the whole African guitar Indie rock thing. If you dont, you may still be pleasantly surprised."
The New York Times,60,"Pomegranates may need some more time to ripen fully, but Everybody, Come Outside! will still be a treat to some palettes."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Although we have a hard time following along with this one's theme, we do enjoy the music in spurts. [Jun 2009, p.103]"
AllMusic,50,"As a whole, the album is doggedly consistent and relatively pleasant, which is its major problem: There is nothing particularly surprising or interesting here."

The A.V. Club,80,"So, less shoegazing and 80s pop, more Doors and ZZ Top. Still magnificent, though."
Los Angeles Times,72,"The rest of Dos can't quite keep the pulse of those initial salvos. Staying inventive within the confines of repetition is sometimes too much for the band to muster. But Johnson's fiery playing is impressive throughout."
Spin,70,"Dos offers proof that, while less may indeed be more, Wooden Shjips give you more of less."
Slant Magazine,70,"Its a swaggering, pyschedelic road album, which weve generously been allowed to ride shotgun on. Buy the record, take the ride."
Chicago Tribune,60,"Their second full album creates psychedelic intensity by combining the insistent rhythms of early 70s German bands with a fearsomely primitive garage sound."
Rolling Stone,60,"Dos works as great background music, but simply isnt consistently engaging. On the other hand, it succeeds as an exercise in minimalist rock deconstructivism, so choose your poison."
NOW Magazine,60,"The quartet's unhurried groove-based approach makes for a captivating listen. [Jun 2009, p.134]"
The New York Times,60,"Wooden Shjips continue their work in simple but effective grooves, around which the band discursively noodle. [Jun 2009, p.113]"
The A.V. Club,50,"If you put Dos on, then do something else that demands more of your attention. Youll feel better about whatever it is that youre doing. Thats as ringing of an endorsement as I can muster."

Paste Magazine,80,"There's a frayed but genuinely exploratory vibe here, that's not afraid to get tough. [Jul 2009, p.91]"
Filter,80,"Beauty rarely hides where you expect it. Take, for instance, the debut release by the U.K.'s Trembling Bells."
Boston Globe,80,"This is a record that makes me hope for even better things to come."
Pitchfork,80,"Neilson's own reedy but elemental voice is the perfect foil to this, and the myriad musical ideas are nailed down by classic, disciplined songwriting. [May 2009, p.108]"
Slant Magazine,70,"Carpeth is traditional enough to please the Cropready massive, but also quite experimental too. Those new to the genre might be better served by checking out something more palatable, but for those with a taste for something more outlandish Carpeth certainly delivers."
NOW Magazine,70,"Trembling Bells, from Glasgow, do their homage with a bit of delirious freedom: on Carbeth, theyre all walking around that known territory with one eye closed, roughing up traditional song structures, trying to make themselves feel dizzy."
No Ripcord,50,"When Neilson and co. put the effort into the music (and the lyrics), then Carbeth is a moving portrait of a lost way of life; its a celebration of the world pictured on the album cover, a small cottage hidden in rustic greenery. When they take the easy road, its everything youd expect and nothing more."

PopMatters,80,"Spring Tides is a success partly because it is consistent in sound and structure, but it still manages to slip through a variety subtle mood changes and elicit several emotional reactions from its listeners. Jeniferever should gain some fans with this."
Uncut,80,"Overall, Spring Tides is the record Jeniferever have undoubtedly spent the past thirteen years of their existence building towards; an epochal moment that was well worth the wait, and can only whet the appetite in further anticipation of where their next journey of discovery will take them--in their own time, of course."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Amongst the other songs of Spring Tides it only serves to pull you further under the hypnotic spell of Jeniferever."
Hot Press,80,"Jeniferever rise above cliches with 10 beautiful songs that take the Sigur Rose blueprint and expand on it. [May 2009, p.89]"
cokemachineglow,60,"Jeniferever shows some serious potential on this album, but much of it remains to be realized."
The Boston Phoenix,50,"Pretty, but all too forgettable."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"It is the sheer imposing length of nearly every one of the ten songs here--only the uncharacteristically forthright 'Sparrow Hills' manages to keep the running time under five minutes, while most of the other songs are content to wind on well beyond that--is ultimately what ends up turning Spring Tides into something of a chore when it should be gently captivating."

Rolling Stone,90,"Dark, but never needlessly so, Two Suns offers a rich, distinct world of subterranean lullabies, spacey timbres, and ghostly beauty."
Under The Radar,90,"Two Suns then is everything it could have been--a worthy follow up to Bat For Lashes Mercury nominated Fur & Gold... and so much more. Here and now, take a trip, you just may come out enchanted."
Mojo,85,"A significant step forward from her debut, Two Suns is home to some of the year's most thrilling music so far."
Q Magazine,85,"Its the ultimate inner battle of good and evil, one that even the best of us wrestle with when making ourselves vulnerable to the entanglements and snares of love, and one that Khan has found her most confident and enthralling voice in yet."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),84,"An easy (if slightly front-loaded) listen that Khan performs effortlessly."
The Boston Phoenix,83,"Khans sublime voice easily distracts from any lyrical ponderousness, and it lends even lines about diamonds burning through rainbows a dreamy sort of sense."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"This record is one made with the artists full investment, every ounce of heart and soul poured into it visible for all to see."
AllMusic,80,"Two Suns is a dense, intricate album that features at least six brilliant songs, two of which are pure pop gems."
NOW Magazine,80,"Khan is a fantastic package and a good, if not as maverick as some believe, songwriter. In a year when no one wants to sing about making a cup of tea, she's just the ticket."
Hot Press,80,"Welcome to the (haunted) house of fun."
Pitchfork,80,"Two Suns is fantastic as well as fantastical."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Two Suns is epic in scope and ambition and requires a similarly epic patience to unravel its charms."
Slant Magazine,80,"Two Suns doesnt have to parade itself around as a concept album to prove that music has always been, and always should be, about telling a story, as Khan does here."
Rolling Stone,80,"Psychedelic experimentalists Yeasayer add more beats than last time, but nothing that overpowers Khan's out-there mindset, stunning vocals and obvious talents. [May 2009, p.114]"
Dot Music,80,"While her second album is frequently more drama than action, over the long haul, the magical world she creates is one worth being immersed it."
PopMatters,80,"Another unique and compelling album of mystical indie-rock with shimmering vocals, proving she not only has a voice to be reckoned with, but is a voice to be reckoned with."
Spin,80,"Two Suns is an intoxicating, addictive album, a step on from 'Fur And Gold' a leap into a galaxy of its very own. [May 2009, p.118]"
Under The Radar,80,"Two Suns is another pitch-black dream world, with Khan's production touches helping paint her enchanting pictures. Color me enchanted. [Spring 2009, p.64]"
Los Angeles Times,80,"Two Suns is the rare concept album that's better for the bedroom than for bong hits."
The A.V. Club,80,"The slightly pretentious concept, though, is balanced by the equally lavish music and specifically Khan's voice."
Entertainment Weekly,79,"Anyways, ignore the write-ups (uh, except this one), which wont be able to help quoting all the spiritual mumbo jumbo about dualism, and enjoy what seems, to me, unstated genre practice at play on a very large stage."
Rolling Stone,75,"Two Suns rarely ventures into anything truly experimental; when it does, as in the maelstromic beat of 'Siren Song' or the Scott Walker cameo in album closer 'The Big Sleep,' it makes you curious as to what Khan could deliver if she weren't so committed to her 'studenty' (in the UK sense) affectations."
Austin Chronicle,75,"Suns is slightly less immediate, but the Brit's floaty vocals and pagan-princess themes still bewitch."
AllMusic,70,"Two Suns is nearly as graceful and poetic as Bat for Lashes' best work; it's just that the album's massive concepts and sounds require a little more time and patience to unravel to get to the songs' hearts."
Uncut,70,"Pounding on pianos, cranking out delicate little click-clack beats and shivering through choruses with an ultraromantic soprano, Khan proves she's a powerhouse under her billowy sleeves."
Mojo,60,"While Two Suns almost inevitably finds Natasha Khan caught between the rock of artistic muse and the hard place of major label rockability, there's still invention and charisma enough here to keep both leftfield chin-stroker and ingenue fan onside for now. [Apr 2009, p.106]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"The contrast between Pearl and Natasha isnt always crisply drawn, but a central conviction animates both."
The Guardian,60,"While the weaker songs are definitely not throwaways, they miss the mark in more than one way."
Dot Music,60,"Though the production has improved, there's still a certain lyrical flimsiness and a sense that, enjoyable and stylish as Two Suns is, it's still just horsing around in the dressing-up box of '80s pop, in a way that's more Might Boosh than Kate Bush. [May 2009, p.77]"
Los Angeles Times,50,"The joy of 'Fur and Gold' has vanished and taken some of Khans potential with it. This is request for their safe return, no questions asked."
Billboard.com,50,"No question this is meant to be a haunting mood piece, and her gorgeous voice--somewhere between Bjrk and Tori Amos, to name the obvious referents--makes up in some part for what's lacking in dynamics and compelling hooks."
Spin,50,"She has hitched her modest talent to an art-rock wagon she won't outpace anytime soon."

musicOMH.com,90,"Without hyperbole, it is one of the most fun, vibrant, rewarding, intelligently structured pop records to shimmy through these parts in quite some time, taking cues from whichever electro-punk-pop-DIY-indie-sludge-rock hybrid 21-year-old Londoner Mica Levi fell in love with when she was 14."
Observer Music Monthly,86,"Micachus album has all the markers of quirky chic--an unusual voice, a fairly well-known producer, and a distinctive approach centered around pastiche."
Hot Press,80,"Thrillingly improbable pop made by a grade-A maverick. Three cheers to that."
PopMatters,80,"It's a joyful sound when she cuts loose, and wedded to an attitude you wouldn't mess with, works a treat."
Mojo,80,"Combining hard experimentation with soft introspection, her scrappy, lo-fi production wrapped in warmth, Micachu's sparkling pop will leave Little Boots shaking in her shoes."
Q Magazine,80,"21-year-old future-dystopian grime DJ breaks new ground."
Uncut,80,"Jewellery is an extraordinary introduction to a unique talent. [Mar 2009, p.101]"
Slant Magazine,80,"The shambling London trio Micachu & the Shapes embrace all manners of homemade noises on this cheeky debut, surprisingly produced by electronic experimentalist Matthew Herbert."
The A.V. Club,80,"A wild funhouse of an album, Jewelleryis more challenging and idea packed (not to mention more fun) than a lot of self-proclaimed experimental music."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Despite the up-tempo spunkiness of half the albums songs, the prevailing tone seems to be that of a musical android--equal portions ukulele and digital distortion."
NOW Magazine,80,"Micachu has made one of the strongest debuts of the year."
musicOMH.com,80,"Anyone who has found beauty in a chipped tooth or a grazed knee will find much to love here. Jewellery certainly doesnt suffer from a paucity of ideas, and the lyrical subjects are more than a match for the bands heterogeneous musical leanings."
Urb,80,"The 13 songs here average just 2:30 in length, but they cram a lot in."
The A.V. Club,79,"Levi and her band sound more like the future than the past, at a moment when we desperately need some more future, and as much as I've come to dig this album's awkward, brash cacophony, I want to hear what they do next even more."
Entertainment Weekly,75,"Levy's unorthodox and, in some cases, homemade instruments strum and stutter with calculated abandon; her heavy British accent slumps itself across this glitchy bubblegum arcade and blunts it."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Jewellery then is not quite the set of glittering pop gems its title implies but boasts a handful of rough diamonds nonetheless, fidgety and uncompromising though all the more enjoyable for it."
The Guardian,70,"Mica Levi leads her trio through this 28-minute cockeyed burst, each song a bizarre little post-punk contraption that sounds like its ready to fly apart and wreak havoc. Yet her debut is also insanely disorienting fun."
Boston Globe,70,"At first, the overwhelming weirdnesswhether the listener finds that good or bad--precludes listening more analytically, and the whole experience seems crowded with random experimentation for its own sake. With a little patience, however, Jewellery soon orders itself."
Uncut,60,"Levi's eclectic debut strikes a winning balance between electro-glitch cacophony and shouty grrrl-pop. [Mar 2009, p.92]"
Billboard.com,40,"The record is admirable for its crashing ambitions, but it unfortunately devolves into a tuneless, nearly unlistenable mire of avant-noise fragments. [Spring 2009, p.77]"
The Boston Phoenix,30,"Jewellery, their latest album, plays like an act in a high school battle of the bands."

Paste Magazine,90,"Kingdom Of Rust is a triumph, and the best album the band have ever produced."
Pitchfork,83,"Listeners feeling nostalgic for early 00s will likely find a lot to like about Kingdom Of Rust, with its skipping rhythms, chiming guitars, wobbly sheets of synthesizer, and the throaty, eyes-screwed-shut yelp of frontman Jimi Goodwin. And even those who think Doves peaked with 2002s sprawling The Last Broadcast should appreciate the new albums sonic depth."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Whatever way you look at Kingdom Of Rust its a magnificent rock record, one which will delight the faithful and also surely see them pick up new devotees."
Slant Magazine,80,"A certain confidence is all over Kingdom of Rust. Not the brash, cocksure swagger of a debut album, but the quiet conviction that comes with experience. It sounds like another victory for maturity."
Spin,80,"This is still a bright record, however, one that finds catharsis in the gloomier songs and strength in the tracks that resemble Lost Souls' measured anthems."
PopMatters,80,"By expanding their repertoire, taking a few risks, and nailing those harmonies, theyve made what feels like the first great British album of 2009."
Rolling Stone,80,"Title withstanding, there's no rust on these guys. [May 2009, p.121]"
AllMusic,80,"This is mostly an album about England, about hearts beating wild and strong through wind whipped, rain-lashed, solace-in-introspection northern living. [May 2009, p.97]"
Prefix Magazine,80,"Doves succeed in giving fans their fix of new music that sounds fresh without altering the formula so much as to alienate any of their devotees."
Q Magazine,80,"Kingdom Of Rust is Doves' defining work, an album of bold adventure. [May 2009, p.108]"
Under The Radar,80,"They assemble perfect pop structures even as their materials oxidized, carefully building that Kingdom of Rust. [Spring 2009, p.65]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Even if the album loses its way with its final two tracks, you are left so exhausted by this stage that it almost comes with a sense of relief. By reinventing what they do best, Doves have fearlessly strutted back onto everyone's radar."
AllMusic,73,"On Doves fourth LP, Kingdom of Rust, the music is more granite than limestone, continuing 2005 album 'Some Cities' move toward cacophonous beauty."
Billboard.com,72,"Doves' fourth album is another sterling example of why the Doves should be household names and why they probably won't ever be: their unwavering flair for producing mountainous, Wembley-worthy pop anthems that are nonetheless invested with a palpable degree of grace and humility."
Uncut,70,"Previous albums never quite lived up to the band's facility for knockout singles, but this one holds the attention."
Hot Press,70,"Good, not great, comeback from epic Mancs."
Q Magazine,70,"It's familiar, sure, but Kingdom of Rust has a welcome warmth."
The New York Times,70,"It gradually reveals itself as a lithe and texturally consummate work."
Boston Globe,67,"While it feels a little sheepish to rag on a band for being a little too competent at what they do, the best you can really say about this, their fourth LP, is that its simply a good product thats easily recognizable as a Doves album."
musicOMH.com,60,"Kingdom of Rust is wonderfully dolorous, but when Doves rev up the tempos on tracks like 'The Outsiders,' they show they're not a total pity party."
Paste Magazine,60,"For all its strengths, though, Kingdom of Rust also leaves us with the uneasy feeling that Doves are starting to feel more comfortable with the idea of merely staying the course instead of exploring bolder ideas."
The A.V. Club,60,"For better or for worse--you'll like it because of the music it reminds you of, but you won't love it for exactly the same reason."
Spin,50,"For the most part though, it adds little to a genre thats already saturated and is disappointing from a band whose past evidence has shown can do better."

Rolling Stone,91,"Songs are his job, and his reserves are apparently inexhaustible."
Austin Chronicle,80,"It's not what you'd call pretty, exactly, but there's a hell of a lot of charm and admirable grit to Young's decision to say bollocks to politeness and tell it like it is."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"If that person favours the smoking, ragged garage rock that comprises the bulk of Fork In The Road, then youd have to conclude, job done."
Filter,80,"Pragmatically exploiting his sure tune sense, his saving falsetto and a command of the political facts well exceeding that of Living With War, hes turned out the first great protest album of the new dispensation."
Chicago Tribune,70,"Like so many Young albums, there are the tracks that rise to another level (the 'Ragged Glory'-like 'Just Singing a Song' included) and there are those destined to be forgotten. True to himself, though, Young is inspired throughout."
Dot Music,70,"Mr. Young is in his electric bar band mode as the music stomps with bluesy distorted guitar riffs."
Mojo,70,"Fork in the Road is charmingly clunky, a side effect of its quick creation and Young's hard-headedness. Neil might be writing records as quickly as a blogger these days but musically he's stuck in the past, never letting go of his chunky Les Paul and candied folk harmonies."
The Guardian,67,"So it goes with Fork In The Road, a 10-song set that Young threw together to promote his interest in alternative automobile technology. The concept drives the record to an absurd degree."
Slant Magazine,63,"The outcome is more noteworthy for Young's stinging guitar work, passionate vocals and his powerhouse band's accompaniment than for finely crafted songs that add considerably to Young's estimable body of work."
PopMatters,62,"The sloppily played garage rock riffs complement the slapdash nature of the lyrics, and--as you might expect--its that loose, under-rehearsed and under-written methodology that is both the albums strength and its downfall."
Under The Radar,60,"It's messy, funny and pretty crazy at points."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Nine of its 10 songs are around the three-minute mark and as solid and straightahead as the tank behind whose wheel they might've been written. [May 2009, p.98]"
musicOMH.com,50,"Given that Fork in the Road was inspired by Young's alternative- energy-fueled car, the most appropriate description is probably ''pedestrian.''"
Urb,50,"When today transcends tomorrow, as on 1979's Rust Never Sleeps and Freedom a decade later, there's no stopping this 'Old Man' whose '59 Lincoln Continental drives these latest headlines."
Q Magazine,50,"The music saves this album from certain disaster--an idea that, at its root is perplexing at best, is executed in an even more clumsy and confusing way."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"Road is a similarly one-dimensional variation on the singer's Grumpy Uncle Neil mode. A semi-concept album revolving around eco-cars and the failing economy, it. . . You've already walked away, haven't you?"
Pitchfork,50,"Craggy eco-concept record not the car-crash it could have been."
PopMatters,40,"The resulting album is a ragbag of environmentalist/credit-crunch rants and rusty old chuggers."
Uncut,40,"The rough, grinding quality of the instrumentation fits with the intended immediacy of the project, but the songs themselves sound half-finished and half-considered."
Mojo,40,"While the concept is inspired and resoundingly current, the jangly blues-bar rock seems an afterthought."
Under The Radar,40,"Neil Young sounds like he's up on bricks with his exhaust pipe hanging off. [May 2009, p.106]"

Lost At Sea,88,"Reminiscing on lost love and lust, Mould impresses with his songwriting skills."
Chicago Tribune,83,"Life And Times arrives on 'Workbooks' anniversary, but it continues down the path established by 2005s 'Body Of Song,' Moulds return-to-basics rock album after 'Modulate.'"
The A.V. Club,80,"As immediate as Life and Times isn't nearly as diamond-hard as 'Copper Blue,' which is a great part of its appeal: it flows naturally, the music never pushes, it settles, comfortable in its own skin."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"He's alternately reflective, rueful and accusatory, and he combines all three on 'I'm Sorry Baby, But You Can't Stand in My Light Any More.'"
PopMatters,80,"A grown-up record that hints at a more excitable wayward past. [May 2009, p.91]"
Slant Magazine,75,"Mould addresses the years he spent playing a downward spiraler, gay-club cruiser, and spotlight needer, then gets back to his best role: just being Bob Mould."
Dot Music,70,"So even if these arent Moulds actual Life and Times, he relays them with a conviction that, although occasionally over-the-top, makes them live and breathe as if they were his own."
AllMusic,70,"It's a contemplative work setting the stage for Mould's upcoming memoir, whose hooks will for once have to connect without the almost comforting bark of his vocals or buzz of his guitar behind them."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"The miserable bastard can still write melodies that make the medicine go down, and ultimately, that's his redemption."
Mojo,63,"The result is a compelling conversation between the two sides of Mould's persona: the graying philosopher and the brazen noise boy."
Q Magazine,60,"Life And Times is unchallenging pap. But it's furnished with the odd line of lyrical craftiness and melodies that, on the whole, manage to keep the stabilisers on his career because (as always) they make the seemingly untenable emotions of their writer sound tolerable."
Billboard.com,60,"An eclectic, at times explicit, exploration of love, loss and lust, it's the work of a skilled songwriter comfortable in his own skin and canon."
Paste Magazine,60,"The storm of guitars here is proof enough that he's still alive and kicking."
Rolling Stone,60,"The simple, muscular rock and folk are matched in directness by lyrics that keep returning to troubled relationships, and risk the occasional awkward line to make their point. [May 2009, p.121]"
Spin,60,"Mostly, though, the album plays to Mould's strengths. [May 2009, p.98]"
Boston Globe,60,"Mould's classic works cemented his legacy. Life And Times proves he is still vital. [Spring 2009, p.72]"
Pitchfork,40,"Too much of the material is ponderous and plodding. [Jun 2009, p.128]"

The Guardian,100,"These are all-American songs of devastation and alienation; theyre also loads of fun and damn hilarious much of the time."
musicOMH.com,100,"As a State of the Union address, this bold and often brilliant record is less inclined towards optimism than, say, Springsteens admirable 'Working On A Dream.'"
Uncut,91,"The fourth album from these purveyors of Band-evoking Americana is as folksy and honed as a tale by Mark Twain, from whom the Felices borrowed the title."
Drowned In Sound,80,"The band does not so much make this record as keep it from flying apart. The intoxicating sound is matched with incisive word play, with the Felices using quirky laments and dark, urban poetry to bridge hillbilly and hipster."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"On Yonder Is the Clock, the Felice Brothers loosen up, making room for absurdity as well as the travails they sing about."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Yonder Is the Clock is the band's most nuanced effort to date, an effortless piece of Catskills folk and narrative know-how that shows just how far a band can grow in one year's time."
Mojo,80,"As it stands, its an emphatically rich and addictive work. It does sound a whole lot like Dylan, yes. But its a whole lot of excellent itself, thanks very much."
Billboard.com,80,"From rowdy juke-joint jams to sunblushed cornfield ballads, these songs born of tough times. The latter provides the album's stand-out moments. [Jul 2009, p.100]"
Boston Globe,80,"Theyve placed everything thats superb about them and have delivered it ten-fold with Yonder is the Clock."
Sputnikmusic,79,"Its all danger and gangsters and loving the ladies when theres a spare minute. Meanwhile, amidst the hootin and hollerin, the soul will be sated, and saved."
AllMusic,78,"The trembling 'All When We Were Young' is less convincing, and 'Memphis Flu' falls apart in drunken frenzy before it even starts, but across 13 songs, Yonder Is the Clock proves timeless."
Hot Press,70,"Playing songs about cops on the take and dying in Penn Station with a hurtling forward motion that prevents the music from sounding (entirely) like a book report. Killer accordion solos, too."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"They have maintained their passion at its most rollicking, but the huanting 'Cooperstown' shows the band at the peak of their powers. [Spring 2009, p.78]"
Los Angeles Times,50,"A record so concerned with repeating the strengths of an album past that it forgets to chart its own path."

Paste Magazine,100,"Now We Can See is very much a record about vision, death, disease, perspective, and, er, turning into a fish (?) but its great expressive anchor is the elated desperation that gives punk both its wickedness and its promise."
Rolling Stone,100,"An album that goes so far in proving that simplicity not only has its place, its also often the path to unmitigated greatness."
PopMatters,90,"'I Call Out Your name won't exactly smash the state, but it's a perfect little pop song. So are opening track, 'When I Died' and 'Now We Can See', where the band's return to gleefully subversive social commentary can't undermine their most infectious pop hook. [May 2009, p.110]"
NOW Magazine,85,"Now We Can See might not be fist-clenching Thermals fans first choice, but it shows theres way, way more to the band than fist pumping yellers. Theyre built for the long haul."
Q Magazine,83,"With perky melodies and singsong choruses, angst has rarely sounded so precious."
Hartford Courant,80,"Now We Can See feels both like a nod to Americas past grievances and its potentially bright future."
The Guardian,80,"While there's nothing here quite as thrilling as 'A Pillar of Salt,' the standout from their last album, it's impossible to deny the adrenaline rush of 'I Called Out Your Name' or the title track."
No Ripcord,80,"The result is an exuberant, almost joyful record brimming with sly cynicism and a newfound fondness for whoa-oh refrains and handclaps."
Slant Magazine,80,"Rest assured, The Thermals is back and as tight as ever."
Los Angeles Times,80,"After ranting against Christian extremism on their last outing, they're back to mindless fun, and with new drummer Westin Glass, they've resurrected the savage, speed-strummed fervor that once made Kill Rock Stars matter."
Billboard.com,80,"Musically, the Thermals deliver a cleaner, more refined version of the raging anthems found on Body, the band's worship of '90s indie rock ringing through louder and clearer than ever before."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"As with any such wildly anticipated album, the reverse motion could be a case of perspective, of personal expectations being insurmountably high, because Now We Can See is by no means a bad album. It just seems a little pedestrian for such a talented and unique band."
BBC Music,80,"Indeed, as their debut for Kills Rocks Stars, Now We Can See is an album fit to carry the torch in 2009 for one of the undergrounds most fearlessly exciting labels."
Sputnikmusic,80,"This much more polished follow-up goes down smoother but still packs plenty of fire."
The Guardian,80,"Now We Can See feels a sunnier listen, bracing indie-rock with few frills but a joyfully juvenile energy and choruses to spare. [Jun 2009, p.103]"
Q Magazine,78,"Now We Can See is bursting with clear-headed explorations of the ways that fear and neuroses hold us back from truly living, winkingly clinical examinations of the rote machinations that consume our lives, and tales of the savagery at the basis of modern existence."
AllMusic,70,"More important than the albums conceit and whatever toehold it might offer, though, is that it sports less flab than their critical breakthrough."
Slant Magazine,70,"Now We Can See is not a sequel to The Body, The Blood, The Machine, but it is the perfect record to follow the fire and brimstone and slouching-towards-apocalypse tension of its predecessor."
PopMatters,70,"On their fourth record, the tempos are slower, the guitars thick and meaty, the rants kinda melodic, the thoughts impressionistic."
Pitchfork,70,"Overall, Now We Can See is a bit uneven. Still, it's an interesting step in The Thermals, um, evolution. [Spring 2009, p.74]"
cokemachineglow,60,"No-one could accuse this Portland trio of skimping on sarcasm--even if it is the kind of sarcasm that dribbles likes a student rallying against capitalism as he pulls in to a McDonald's drive-thru."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"The album isn't a total disaster, though, there are a few songs that manage to overcome the record's flaws and deliver some excitement."
AllMusic,50,"There's a pervasive sameness throughout, so even highlights like the title track suffer from diminishing returns."
Boston Globe,40,"It is in reality a bit boring, a bit generic, and a bit aggravating."

Under The Radar,85,"At times, the band outdoes itself even by its own standards."
Uncut,84,"Just enjoy the ride and don't ask any questions. [Spring 2009, p.97]"
Filter,80,"A debut that largely lives up to all the surrounding hype championing the group as one of the hottest new indie up-and-comers."
Prefix Magazine,80,"This is the kind of album that will only reward as time passes; through more listens you will find that the startling music, sincere vocals and impeccable musicianship are all at a very high quality."
Rolling Stone,80,"The white-knuckle ride of Tentacles, Andrew's fried blues and the rainbow of styles in Your Spears see Crystal Antlers bucking the trend--not just rioting but inspiring, living up to their impressive promise."
No Ripcord,80,"The Crystal Antlers debut is a flesh-fattened cloud prowler emanating a strange, jilted tenderness, a record whose devastating expressive weight is amplified, not obscured, by its deranged, frayed-edge make-up."
The A.V. Club,80,"A check-your-pants rollercoaster, Tentacles isn't a critique of the times by any stretch of the imagination but it captures the feeling, the mood and the sheer abject terror."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Raw, beguiling psychedelia from Californian newcomers."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Crucially, it always feels as if Crystal Antlers are having a blast, continually cold-shouldering the obvious and pushing each other to the limits of their musicianship and beyond. [May 2009, p.87]"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Crystal Antlers may be treading the same ethical path that bands such as Fugazi did, but its their ability to amalgamate and transcend genres with apocalyptic effect that makes them truly revolutionary."
Boston Globe,70,"It's unclear what frontman Jonny Bell is caterwauling about, but it scarcely matters. The vocals are just another sound bubbling up through the thick sonic stew."
AllMusic,70,"Its safe to say Crystal Antlers have struck the iron while its hot, and while theres no one else out there who sounds even remotely like them."
The New York Times,70,"After their initial shock, fans will appreciate developments. [Spring 2009, p.65]"
Sputnikmusic,67,"Crystal Antlers' proper debut is, more than their EP, the sound of a band still with more potential than goods."
Slant Magazine,63,"For their first lengthy introduction, they seem to have lost some verve. Its a frustrating representation of what a tightrope their sort of exorcism music is."
Rolling Stone,60,"Does Tentacles live up to those high standards? Nah, but it doesnt embarrass itself, and thats praise enough."
Los Angeles Times,60,"Their debut full-length more than makes good on the attention they've been receiving. [May 2009, p.103]"
Billboard.com,50,"Crystal Antlers need to allow the sounds of their instruments to serve a compositional goal in this way more often, rather than simply using them to bash through their songs."
AllMusic,50,"Apart from the nice flourishes and an undoubtedly authentic-sounding replication of mid- to late-'60s underground psychedelia, this album seems to have been something of a misfire, lacking a convincing emotional undertow, or sufficient clarity in its musical presentation to engage or entrance the listener."
The New York Times,40,"These tracks are lifeless, and the multitude of sounds turns to mud, eventually eating itself."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Tentacles more focused psych punk feels formulaic, underdeveloped and disappointing."

Rolling Stone,75,"Repo isnt a great progression from previous Black Dice records. But their willfully amateurish approach, and a continued fascination with the coarse and the crude, make this another welcome addition to their woozy, dog-eared oeuvre."
Boston Globe,75,"Repo is initially frustrating, but a good time for those who can embrace its imperfections."
Entertainment Weekly,74,"On their sunnily deranged new album, Repo, Black Dice somehow manage to do away with context entirely, constructing music comprised solely of sound effects designed and recorded themselves."
Boston Globe,71,"Repo is still abstract in a similar and smeary way, but it sounds like Black Dice have gotten a better handle on their gear."
Q Magazine,70,"Repo is likeable for all the right reasons. That the band hasnt challenged themselves or their audience to find new ones is the albums chief drawback."
Rolling Stone,70,"The only negative here is a lack of structure between songs, which makes Repo feel like something dropped in a pile at your feet."
AllMusic,70,"Black Dice are the perpetually esoteric older Crumb brother Charles: inscrutable, agoraphobic, undeniably brilliant but just as undeniably demented. All descriptions apply to their fifth album, with each track bursting at the seams with warped sounds."
Uncut,70,"Its by turns engrossing, boring, and terrifying. Just let it wash over you and try not to think too much about it. Youll be glad you did."
Hot Press,70,"While at first some of Repo will undoubtedly seem oriented towards those with an attention deficit, it is in every sense of the word a grower."
Pitchfork,70,"Repo improves upon past work and manages to cram more songs with more interesting ideas into the same space as previous releases, while simultaneously becoming a little easier to aproach. [Spring 2009, p.64]"
Lost At Sea,67,"While Repo jump-starts smooth enough with the skuzzed samples bleating through 'Nite Creme,' the infectiously funky warp of 'Glazin' gives way to an industrial stomp and grind that begins to unravel into darker territory."
Drowned In Sound,63,"Fans will welcome the grotesquely titled 'Ultra Vomit Craze' and 'Gag Shack,' reveling in subtle mood shifts found amid the ferocious racket. Skeptics and nay-sayers will remain unconvinced of the genre's ability to move beyond bratty outbursts."
musicOMH.com,62,"Perhaps there will come a moment when Repo suddenly clicks as a beautifully connected opus, but that seems doubtful; for the time being its just a frustrating listen, held back by its unnecessarily unconventional explorations."
The Guardian,60,"Black Dice continues to produce highly interesting music, no doubt, but be warned that its not for the faint of heart or imagination."
AllMusic,60,"Repo is a brightly coloured series of aural non sequiturs, its lard-legged beat science peaking with distorted synth-funk jam 'Ultra Vomit Craze.' [May 2009, p.109]"
cokemachineglow,60,"It resembles The Boredoms in its sense of sonic bravery, although the suspicion lingers that more focus is required before they can produce another record of the calibre of 2002's 'Beaches And Canyons.' [May 2009, p.79]"
PopMatters,60,"Teetering between genius and madness, Repo is a few hooks shjort of a successful fishing trip for experiemental music, left mostly with 'experiemental' and not much in the way of traditionally defined 'music.' [Jun 2009, p.102]"
Pitchfork,50,"Repo isn't a bad record, but it's certainly the least fresh and consistent one I can remember Black Dice releasing and both of those traits are a big deal with 'difficult' music like this."
The Boston Phoenix,40,"Repo runs out of ideas so quickly it starts to appropriate its own ideas."

AllMusic,80,"With Sun Gangs its as if they've finished the whole cake and the house burst, bricks and mortar exploding through the sky like fireworks."
Uncut,80,"The band's relatively quick turnover suggests a restless creative spirit. However Sun Gangs harnesses that to communicate music of a raw emotional power, a record that should open more doors for the band than it closes."
Pitchfork,80,"Theres a lot that could go wrong with this approach on Sun Gangs--but nothing does. For all the arch drama, the big rock songs on here are frenzied, and the small indie pop songs are lean and melodic."
Austin Chronicle,80,"The Jeff Buckleyesque epic 'Larkspur' and the desolately pretty 'It Hits Deeper' raise the bar for sensitive creatives everywhere. [May 2009, p.103]"
Mojo,80,"Self-indulgent in all the best ways, their third album isn't afraid to explore an idea for nine minutes, locating that revelatory moment when structure caves into soul. [May 2009, p.105]"
musicOMH.com,70,"Although less vitriolic than 2006's 'Nux Vomica,' his third album still throbs with delicious melodrama and anguished assertions."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Andrews' clear gift for melody is most apparent here. Despite the album's extremes, the most intriguing and engaging track may be 'The House She Lived In.' [Spring 2009, p.68]"
The Guardian,67,"Sun Gangs is less a break-up record, and more a 'relationship' record, in that it has the ups and downs of a love affair, with moments of joy, boredom, and viciousness sandwiched in closely next to each other. And while that makes for a challenging and complex listen--Andrews has certainly proved to be adept at wringing bitterness or misanthropy from bruised melodies--one can't help but hope that his next relationship is a happy one."
Hot Press,67,"Impressionable singer Finn Andrews masters his Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde routine on the Veils' third disc, splitting time between desolately romantic piano ballads ('Begin Again' and the title track) and dense indie rock detonations."
Q Magazine,60,"When they relax, they settle into settle some of the best music of their career."
Uncut,60,"Their third album presents finely wrought, dramatic indie rock, with dexterous vocalist Finn Andrews. [May 2009, p.119]"

Mojo,90,"Every song is steeped in melancholy, but the underlying beauty that ties it all together is in the courage of Ashworth's characters to face the unforgiving reality they occupy."
Alternative Press,80,"His singing is of a piece with the music, at once clearer and more conventional than ever before and still touched with the reflective spoken-to-oneself melancholy that defines his work."
Dot Music,80,"Its the Casiotone defence mechanism: take your innermost awkward lumps and bathe them in rose-tinted easy listening. Ashworth successfully translate this to his new instruments no fewer than nine or ten times on this eleven track set."
Spin,80,"His craft here does have more to do with storytelling than it does with music making, but these haunting, desolate narratives are very much complemented by the lo-fi, repetitive, yet meditative backing tracks, which are ultimately presented like the lost soundtrack to a movie."
AllMusic,80,"Crucuially, though, he's lost none of his songwriting skill, with each song here perfectly capturing a mood of reflective melancholy. [May 2009, p.110]"
Pitchfork,80,"Vs. Children is definitely the most accessible Casiotone release so far, and that's not at all a bad thing at this point in Owen Ashworth's career. [Spring 2009, p.70]"
The A.V. Club,79,"Ashworth takes us on a joyride with a succession of mostly doomed outlaws and derelicts, with a couple of side excursions into familiar disaffected-slacker-ballad territory. It all adds up to easily the most mature and thematically ambitious Casiotone release to date."
Observer Music Monthly,60,"Vs. Children is a pleasant but uncaptivating album, and Im inclined to believe, especially when confronted by his albums deliriously enchanting highlights, that Ashworth is spreading himself a little thin at his current pace."
PopMatters,60,"Cumulatively, the combination of Ashworth's sub-Bill Callahan levels of vocal animation and the mid-paced songs with tolling chord changes can err towards the enervating rather than the enigmatic, but funkier beats and mellotron give White Jetta a lift. [Jun 2009, p.96]"

Under The Radar,80,"Forays into medieval trip-hop ('The Last Laugh') and reggae-influenced indie pop ('Jelly Bean') stretch the boundaries of the album's bedrock, but it's fun to see folk music take such unexpected turns, especially when the destination sounds this enchanting."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Populating that lyrical forest are knights, goblins, talking animals and ticking (shades of Peter Pan crocodiles), Costas spinning her offbeat tales like a young Suzanne Vega setting Brothers Grimm fables to music. It's all melodically accessible."
The A.V. Club,80,"The results are truly beguiling. [Jul 2009, p.104]"
AllMusic,80,"It is to Costas and Burton's credit that they have fashioned such an enchanting album from such an unpromising premise."
Spin,80,"Food-obsessed lyrics tinged with medieval mischief."
The Guardian,80,"The collaboration between British singer-songwriter Helena Costas and US hip-hop producer Danger Mouse, for a project called Joker's Daughter, seems unlikely, but it works surprisingly well. [Jul 2009, p.124]"
PopMatters,73,"The result is a sparkling debut for her and one of his most interesting collaborations."
Q Magazine,70,"Costas coos anachronistically whimsical and hallucinatory lyrics as if she were the ghost of an ill-fated fairy-tale heroine, and the haunted results suggest the greatest psych-folk obscurity you'll never afford on eBay."
Hot Press,70,"Costas seemingly sifts through a junk shop toy instrumentation throughout The Last Laugh, and more often than not serendipitously find gold. [Spring 2009, p.66]"
Uncut,70,"Ultimately this odd couple have made for a very merry musical marriage, artists from seemingly disparate musical backgrounds proving themselves capable of collaborating on music that is worth listening to in its own right, as opposed to merely being a interesting genre-crossing exercise."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Like Alice's Wonderland, the world of Joker's Daughter is freakish and marvelous by turns, a perfect soundtrack for your next mushroom tea party."
Pitchfork,60,"If nothing else the lyrics are rich, although it gets tiresome to hear song after song of psychedelic fairytales over spaced out chimes and strings."
Mojo,40,"Helena Costas and Danger Mouse combine the formers folk pop proclivities with the latters penchant for hip-hop and psychedelia, and the results are mostly awkward and cumbersome."
The Guardian,40,"[Danger Mouse's] electronics in Lucid detract from the caper and the sub-Lily Allen skank of Jelly Belly is ill-advised, while The Running Goblins harpsichord mires it in a midden of shtick."

Alternative Press,85,"This album, with all its unmoored, frenetic energy, is a fantastic pop album, even if it doesn't posit anything new."
The Boston Phoenix,83,"His debut, produced by fellow Seattleite Chris Walla of Death Cab For Cutie, projects an offhanded air, yet each song is precisely put together, and the whole thing speeds by in just over half an hour."
Under The Radar,80,"In its entirety the album is a great debut, toe-tapping and catchy with just the right blend of familiarity and individuality, and it should send a message to new bands: Simplicity is key."
Filter,80,"On this debut, Lerner's gorgeous vocals, sunny melodies, and ultra-catchy choruses sound like a Fab Four fantasy trip as he logs extensive mileage in a rush of crisscrossing travelogue songs."
Pitchfork,76,"Lerners honesty lasts forty-three minutes, and supplies the predictable yet scrumptious party-time melodies that chase away clouds like a sidekick."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"If youre the sort of person who focuses on the fact that this album doesnt exactly bring a lot of revolutionary stuff to the table, that Lerners lyrics are a little clichd at their worst, that its a little too easy to slap Telekinesis! with the increasingly bland indie rock tag instead of focusing on the fact youre listening to a collection of sincere, intelligently constructed, often beautiful songs, then you probably shouldnt be bothering with this whole pop music thing in the first place."
AllMusic,70,"The album brims with quick 'from the gut' compositions that have been uncomplicatedly produced using simple instrumentation."
Q Magazine,70,"Simply put: an album stuffed with great, joyful songs."
PopMatters,63,"There is nothing original or novel about Telekinesis' music, but somewhat counterintuitively, its by-the-books professionalism is what makes it so effective."
musicOMH.com,60,"As enjoyable as it can be, Telekinesis! is only good enough to make you wish it were better."
Slant Magazine,60,"Though the record could use a few more high points, there are enough hooky songs and exciting performances to make it very promising."
Mojo,40,"For a band that drafts so closely behind Death Cab for Cutie, Telekinesis' brilliant career launch of having Chris Walla produce its debut LP doesn't do much to distinguish the band from its idols."
Uncut,40,"Lerner's voice--pale and uninteresting, rather than poinant--allow his songs to sag. [Sep 2009, p.96]"

Tiny Mix Tapes,91,"He's so psyched as he watches those houses get bigger that he invests his excellent story-songs with an emotion their excellent studio versions have never matched--though maybe now they will."
PopMatters,90,"Weve been the Hold Steady, and Youve been the Hold Steady, he says predictably... but for once, on a live-recording, you didnt have to be there."
The Guardian,85,"The elements that make the band's performances distinct are all there: Finns rapid-fire, sometimes nearly incoherent delivery; the chemistry between the band members; the between-song banter that is equal parts inviting and human and kind of crazy."
Billboard.com,80,"Whether youve never been to a Hold Steady show or are jonesing for a fix between tours, A Positive Rage will leave you feeling joyfully connected to one of the best bands of today."
Under The Radar,80,"The Hold Steady's first live disc (and documentary DVD), recorded in 2008 at Chicago's Metro, is a raucous 17-track scorcher that finds Finn's speedily spat monologues working surprisingly well onstage."
AllMusic,78,"This one captures the band near the end of its Boys and Girls in America tour, and is a fine, representative sample of Craig Finns wordy tales of debauchery and Tad Kublers crunching power chords."
Slant Magazine,70,"There are some missteps on this album, but the last line on the record, which comes at the end of the seven-minute closer, is a perfect sign-off: This shouldnt hurt, but you might feel a slight discomfort--an ominous warning and a promise of a new awakening."
Drowned In Sound,60,"A Positive Rage isn't much of an opening gambit. It's a memento for the fans, for better or for worse. But if you were too loaded on Halloween 2007 to remember much from this show, maybe this is the album for you."
Q Magazine,60,"A Positive Rage is something of a misnomer, since hardcore fury rates low on the Steady agenda. More crucial is the bands 3-D storytelling on muscular guitars, and Craig Finns traditional chat about joy in the encore."

Paste Magazine,89,"The contrast of Moog buzz and the wordsmith's featherlight touch reaches full tilt with 'Hallelujah, Goodnight!' but takes a sharp left with the equally charismatic 'Bat Coma Motown,' where banjo and trumpet hug it out while dancing the Temptation Walk."
Filter,80,"Where the latter two releases felt like 'Hail Marys' tossed into the musical ether, Ocean serves as a return to the kind of sharp-tongued, Beatlesque retro-pop that fueled 2005's 'Novelist/Walking Without Effort' and the aforementioned 'Letdown.'"
Billboard.com,80,"In this brilliant new time of directional change, the piano-led analogue boy is practically smiling his words out on the Mark Ronson-produced 'Ballad Of Old What's His Name'."
The New York Times,80,"Swift hasnt put out a bad record yet, but The Atlantic Ocean is his most solid effort yet, his best attempt at managing the dark-lit record store in his head."
Spin,80,"Swift's stock-in-trade remains droll, gently roistering piano songs, mostly indebted to Harry Nilsson. [May 2009, p.97]"
Rolling Stone,80,"The Atlantic Ocean is a sleek, meticulously crafted folk-rock record which mines a similarly vintage Harry Nilsson-charted territory as Wilco traversed on 'Sky Blue Sky.' [Spring 2009, p.68]"
Q Magazine,70,"The sad sacks who populate such bitterly funny songs as 'Already Gone' and 'R.I.P.' linger in the mind long after the toe-tapping grooves have faded."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"If youre reading this, stick with it. It has some real rewards in the back end--my only hope is that the songs were recorded in chronological order, to suggest that this is the direction Swift will take future albums."
AllMusic,63,"Swift has figured out how to make pretty music, but he hasn't found anything compelling to say through it."
Boston Globe,60,"Most of the songs are pretty catchy, but never quite work their way into your consciousness."
Hot Press,60,"Despite sometimes dissolving into monotony, the mood remains light, and Swift's playfulness, evidenced by moments like the falsetto opening of 'Lady Luck,' keeps things in check."
Los Angeles Times,60,"If the squelching synths of 'The Original Thought' irritate, the jauntiness elsewhere suggests he's thriving on a lack of commercial pressure. [May 2009, p.119]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"The Atlantic Ocean is impressive, at times even masterful, yet falters in reminding us more of what it lacks than of what it possesses."

The New York Times,80,"Though their debut album is considerably more polished and focused-sounding than their EPs, the uniquely winsome quality of It Hugs Back's music remains, with buzzing keyboards and fuzzy guitars."
AllMusic,80,"This is a record that wraps itself around you like a kohl-eyed Winona Ryder in an early-'90s slacker movie and doesn't let go for a solid, dream-like 40 minutes."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Dont relegate Inside Your Guitar to personal music players such as your PC or mp3 player. Make sure you give it a couple of attentive spins on the big stereo in order to fully enjoy its resonant beauty."
Alternative Press,70,"This is a confident debut by a band that can only keep on improving."
Rolling Stone,70,"Its music that requires a few listens before all the nuances reveal themselves. If youre willing to make the effort, you will be handsomely rewarded."
Billboard.com,70,"Inside Your Guitar isn't necessarily the most original debut this year, but It Hugs Back manage to imbue their debut with a huge degree of potential. [Spring 2009, p.66]"
Spin,60,"When It Hugs Back do get loud, like on album highlight 'Back Down,' they show flashes of talent and vitality that they never let show between the purposefully considered and quiet haze that dominates way too much of Inside Your Guitar."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Despite the jolts of tranquillity-shattering feedback (best heard on 'Q' and 'Don't Know,' which get the balance of staticky squeals versus daydreaming vocals just about right), the album meanders along unobtrusively."
AllMusic,52,"The group add nothing new to pre-existing genres, but are successful in customizing familiar sounds to suit their taste for clean tones and an abundance of negative space."
Alternative Press,30,"Its complete lack of anything unique just reeks of someone in the background, someone with a suit and a cigar, shaking hands with these fellows and telling them theyre gonna blow up."

The A.V. Club,91,"The sound is so scrawny it can wear on you, meaning their 34-minute album is probably two songs too long. But there's only one I'd scrap."
Slant Magazine,73,"Run through with kitschy soundbites from retro sci-fi flicks and news broadcasts, a few tracks expand the bands musical palate ('Sonic You' is their first downright lovely tune) but the rest sink into a predictable groove of dumpy bass-lines and puckish drum fills, and mining far less satisfyingly sassy lyrical territory than the bands debut."
PopMatters,72,"The Coathangers keep the back-alley post-punk party going strong on a scratchy, shrieky, foul-mouthed sophomore album, Scramble, their first for Seattle-based Suicide Squeeze."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"Its gimmicky on some level, and maybe formally confined, but the absurdity of these songs cant mask their joy and evident catharsis."
AllMusic,70,"Priding themselves on being a tightly-knit foursome, the Coathangers sport a solidarity in their songwriting that easily comes across on Scramble."
Alternative Press,67,"The 15-song album feels a few tracks too long, but its quotidian WTF?-ness is quite attractive."
Slant Magazine,60,"Scramble is a very solid record, but if anything it shows us the Coathangers talents have outgrown their humble garage sound."
Spin,50,"If it weren't for the stalker-punk of 'Pussywillow' and 'Time Passing', both glowering oddly from the mess and nodding towards early B-52s, we'd shove this in the wardrobe."

Pitchfork,70,"Maybe by the time the next album rolls along it might be time to stretch a bit and get away from the sound they've cobbled together, but for now I Was a King sounds just about right to anyone who is a fan of the history of noisy guitar pop of the last 20 years."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"The album proudly embraces 90s indie-pop movements as an unfinished project worthy of more attention. Judged on its own terms, the album succeeds."
Slant Magazine,70,"This Norwegian band's songs feel entirely whole, blending together a concept album of driving guitar and melodic bliss. [Spring 2009, p.66]"
Alternative Press,64,"Not to get all protectionist here, but it seems pointless to import so many 1960s-mining indie rock outfits to America when we've got plenty of perfectly good 60s-mining acts right here at home. Yet Norway's I Was a King offer a welcome twist on the same ol'."

Pitchfork,80,"The album's strength really, is evoking so strongly the excessive, lonely culture that the music comes from."
Filter,60,"A serviceable debut, it has some interesting ideas, though it wont change the game."
PopMatters,50,"These Thieves do often come off as just another trendy outfit hawking tawdry 20-year time warps, albeit with more streamlined sonics than many."
Prefix Magazine,50,"Play Music is a good idea poorly executed."
Under The Radar,40,"This may be some kind of dance music but Play Music is sadly no fun. [Jul 2009, p.133]"
AllMusic,20,"Thieves Like Us look and sound like three yuppies trying out the music lark after being laid off by an investment banking firm."

Billboard.com,80,"Hey Everyone! manages to occupy a space all of its own--an achievement in itself."
Paste Magazine,80,"Dananananaykroyd are, on this album's evidence, a fine band."
AllMusic,74,"In its own combustive way, it's weirdly memorable."
Alternative Press,70,"If all that this still-decent album does is pique interest in what Dananananaykroyd are like live, then it will have done its job because that is where the magic lies."
Boston Globe,70,"Dananans first album proper suffers from the same problems as Los Campesinos! flawed debut; Black Wax and Pink Sabbath are both thrilling, if wonky, pop songs, but they could be appreciated more fully as singles rather than back to back."
Mojo,60,"While there is plenty here that's impressive, the odd change of gear wouldn't go amiss next time around. [May 2009, p.110]"
PopMatters,60,"Driven by two drummers they owe much to the styles of Fucked Up, The Dillinger Escape Plan and Torche, but on 'Black Wax' they apply the brakes, revealing a surprising amount of melodic, colle-rock bounce. [May 2009, p.82]"
Hot Press,50,"Everyone will find something appealing about Dananananaykroyd, no matter how small, but its difficult to imagine anyone truly loving this record, regardless of whether they judge it by its cover."

AllMusic,60,"Their chops aren't superhuman, and groupie-trouble ballads drown Cormac Neeson's high wail. But when they up the tempos, they kick it."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Everyday Demons ticks all the hard rock boxes. That there isn't a single orginal idea on display here doesn't actually matter. [Mar 2009, p.105]"
Rolling Stone,60,"Their second should eclipse even that [100,000 copies of their first album sold], given the songwriting strides they've taken since. [Apr 2009, p.97]"
Q Magazine,60,"Apart from two minor issues, the Answer has the right sound and feel on Everyday Demons and that does make them the perfect opener for latter day AC/DC: they work as pleasant appetizer for the main course."
Pitchfork,50,"Everyday Demons will satisfy metal fans who are in between favorite albums, but if your tastes don't run along the lines of The Simpsons' Otto the bus driver, you can take a pass."
Uncut,40,"Their default position is to panel it: hard-driving Zep-worship so unvarying in its pace that Everyday Demons comes on like one long undead riff plus a lot of yawled guff about about being an Evil Man with Demon Eyes.'"
Billboard.com,40,"It painstakingly captures the carefree spirit of hard rock as you'd have found it halfway down the bill a Reading Rock, 1998. [Apr 2009, p.78]"

Austin Chronicle,100,"So let any indie bands planning a trip to the keyboard shop take note: this is how it's done, with a desire to surprise and be surprised. [May 2009, p.104]"
Q Magazine,91,"Even the now-obligatory vulnerable one, where Karen tries to prove she's not only human but nice, is... well, not a cartoon, but at least a bedtime story."
The Boston Phoenix,90,"That they emerge victorious is a tribute to the strength of these fine songs as well as some seriously glamourous production attitude."
AllMusic,90,"Nothing much is different with their latest triumph, Its Blitz!, a sprawling, eclectic set of dazzling new music."
PopMatters,90,"The result is the alternative pop album of the decade--one that imbues the Killers' 'Hot Fuss' and MGMT's 'Oracular Spectacular' with a remarkable emotional depth and finesse."
Uncut,90,"It seems only logical that the three of them have relied so heavily on synths to create It's Blitz--despite Zinner's natural gift for manipulating the guitar--an album that's effectively a love letter to the dancefloor."
The Guardian,88,"These songs contain O's most expressive singing yet, and the tension between her vocal performances and the band's playing results in music richer in emotion than anything the trio has done since 'Maps,' its breakout hit from 2003."
Under The Radar,88,"Any doubts that the Yeah Yeah Yeahs are a band for the ages are wiped from the face of the earth three fragile piano chimes into 'Runaway,' one of the most epic and heart-ripping mediations on loss and loneliness ever. [Sprin 2009, p.91]"
Drowned In Sound,87,"If this is the band's 'Parallel Lines,' they've brought tunes worth comparing."
Pitchfork,83,"Subbing out an instrument and switching up the tempos that way is a fairly radical change. Still, the result feels unexpectedly familiar."
Under The Radar,81,"The Yeah Yeah Yeahs still create great, compelling pop-rock, largely because of the way the songs themselves are organized, with conventional verse-chorus structures repeatedly eschewed in favor of detours, miniature grooves, and lengthy asides that produce the sensation of a band and a singer impulsively following their own emotional whims."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Their third album offers an advance on the ecstatic dance punk of 2003 debut 'Fever to Tell' and beefy rock of 2006's 'Gold Lion,' boldly pushing synths centre stage while sacrificing none of their vitality."
PopMatters,80,"Sure, it's easy to lament how fangless they sound here, with just hints of the skuzzy basement ferocity that has made Fever to Tell one of the decade's most enduring records. But the finesse they display here, on their most mature and stylistically coherent record, may ultimately serve them even better."
Mojo,80,"NYC art-rockers go in for some ch-ch-changes on excellent third album."
The A.V. Club,80,"Karen O's froideur carries even lesser songs, such as Skeletons' formulaic new wave, and imbues the ballad Little Shadow with the majesty of an ice queen. Great stuff."
Filter,80,"Its no revolution, but Its Blitz!s heartfelt love letter to the transcendent possibilities of the dancefloor is an unexpectedly emphatic reassertion of why Yeah Yeah Yeahs are one of the most exciting bands of this decade."
Dusted Magazine,80,"The Yeah Yeah Yeahs, as you knew them, are dead. Just dont be surprised if you like new version a little more."
PopMatters,80,"Fuller backdrops dont inhibit Karen O at all. She still sounds unguarded and madcap, sometimes girlishly vulnerable, sometimes indomitable."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Between its violently happy songs and its softer ones, It's Blitz! ends up being some of the Yeah Yeah Yeahs' most balanced and cohesive music."
Alternative Press,80,"The Yeah Yeah Yeahs havent changed as much as theyd like us to believe. They still write great pop rock songs."
Q Magazine,80,"Despite its obvious debt to the 80s and its (appreciated) nods to the trios own past, its their most modern, innovative record yet."
Uncut,80,"The big news, though, isn't YYY's groovier sound--it's the heat they radiate."
Pitchfork,80,"Its Blitz! is the sound of a band reborn with new momentum, and on an album that requires dancing, the message is clear: It doesnt matter where you came from. Just keep moving."
Under The Radar,80,"It's Blitz! succeeds because YYYs have managed to mix the human and the electronic, the emotional and the artsy, the fashion-forward and the oddly retro. [May 2009, p.94]"
AllMusic,80,"This act continues to create work that is consistently worth consideration. [Spring 2009, p.75]"
Filter,80,"It's Blitz reveals just how much the trio have grown and how well they know exactly the strange angular planet that their music inhabits."
Pitchfork,80,"It is precisely due to the bands finesse that Its Blitz! is so refreshing, despite being an old sound wrapped in glitter veneer."
Under The Radar,80,"Its Blitz is representative of Yeah Yeah Yeahs tightening as an unit and delivering their best album to date."
Uncut,75,"The main problem with Its Blitz! is that the bands kind of retreat to kicky electroclash feels a little late to the party. Too many other musicians have gone to this particular well over the past half-decade, and few of them had a Karen O at their disposal. Still, these synth-driven pop songs arent really much different from Yeah Yeah Yeahs guitar-driven ones."
No Ripcord,72,"The trio hasnt quite put together an album of complete heart-stoppers just yet, but Blitz charts them in the right direction."
AllMusic,70,"It's Blitz will probably date badly and, despite clearly being better than 'Fever To Tell,' it probably won't be remembered by as many people, or as fondly by those people. Regardless, it IS a great album, and one that's come completely out of leftfield as far as its style and its depth goes."
Filter,70,"Its Blitz isnt FTT, and may not be remembered as highly (particularly by those who never give it a chance), but it is a logical progression."
PopMatters,58,"Most of that sonic rage is in absentia on Its Blitz!, which is part OK electro dance record and part atmospheric boredom courtesy of producer nerd David Sitek, who, its becoming increasingly clear, saves all of his best ideas for his main squeeze TV On the Radio."
Under The Radar,50,"After 10 songs, the digital version It's Blitz! is padded out with four acoustic renditions of songs on the album. But even with an acoustic guitar at the forefront and Karen O harmonizing with string sections and pianos, the songs--and, crucially, the melodies - still don't convey much."
Under The Radar,50,"From most bands, half of a great record would be an incredible accomplishment, but weve heard so much better from them."
Drowned In Sound,40,"Six years later, the New York trio's third LP, It's Blitz!, is only as subversive as its cover image."

Urb,91,"In the wake of three questionable albums, shtick is a relief, not just because it's really great shtick but because after all these years we're happy to be clear about whether she's performing or expressing herself."
Pitchfork,90,"Whatever your interpretation, it's clear both parties have a deeper understanding of one another's music than any outsider could ever hope to comprehend, a synergy that has only strengthened over the 20+ years of their acquaintance."
Drowned In Sound,80,"After nearly two decades, this man and this woman still turn heads. [Apr 2009, p.100]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Although it's as uncentred as 2004's 'Uh Huh Her,' this album broadcasts confidence rather than confusion."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"While this record might ultimately be a mere palette cleanser for the next stage in PJ Harvey's journey, it suggests her mouthwash tastes sweeter than most others' fine wine. [Apr 2009, p.101]"
Q Magazine,80,"Together, Harvey and Parish sound confidently experimental, like two soldiers daring each other to ever more stupendous feats of history."
The Guardian,80,"It all hangs together brilliantly, suggesting the mutual understanding of two artists at the peak of their powers."
musicOMH.com,80,"Pollys second joint album with Parish couldnt be more eclectic in its breadth and scope."
Hot Press,80,"Parish and Harvey's idea of fun might be very different than that of many other artists, but hearing them cover so much musical and emotional territory is often exhilarating."
Mojo,80,"On A Woman, A Man Walked By, they create a world both beautiful and depraved, an unhinged record heavy on heartache and bristling with aggression."
Uncut,80,"Far from easy listening, the tune, like the album, remains oddly accessible. Harvey is a tornado of anger, lunacy, and regret, but her punishing wind is something to behold."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"PJ Harvey can be exhilarating, thrilling, or offer up a disturbingly hysterical variant on black humour, but she ain't fun. A Woman A Man Walked By is kinda, sorta fun."
Billboard.com,80,"It's clear that this is Harvey and Parish unpredictably unhinged. If there's one thing that you can't do with PJ Harvey is pigeonhole her. And why the hell would you want to?"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Such a musical mind-meld, so expressive of both artists' perspective, is rare."
Spin,80,"Parish brings out Harveys crazy, arty side, pushing to extremes as she works her long-established territory of sex and death."
Uncut,70,"For their second album as a duo, longtime collaborator John Parish gave Harvey finished songs to write lyrics for, and his sometimes brittle, sometimes thundering guitar work provides the skeleton for an array of fleshly narrators."
PopMatters,70,"Her latest also finds her at her most gleefully deranged."
Boston Globe,70,"Even if A Woman a Man Walked By isnt the most essential item in either artists discography, its still one worth hearing--if only to witness how slowly and deliberately it reveals its difficult charms."
musicOMH.com,70,"While not all of the songs work, the project is effective in crafting a series of distinct, compelling vignettes. Moreover, A Woman illustrates how deeply these two long-time collaborators understand each other's creative restlessness and their flair for the dramatic."
AllMusic,67,"Though A Woman a Man Walked By does have strong moments with longtime collaborator Parish, exercises in atonality like 'Pig Will Not' feel less womanly than regressively adolescent."
Mojo,67,"While the individual parts dont add up to Harveys finest effort, A Woman A Man Walked Bys 10 songs add up to an intriguing sketchbook of an album, notions that future albums will hopefully fill in a little more thoroughly."
NOW Magazine,62,"The disc succeeds as a public testing ground, but as an album it's ultimately unfocused. One problem is that Parish simply isn't the songwriter that Harvey is."
cokemachineglow,60,"The overall level of creativity bodes well for Harveys next proper solo outing, but this one is a mixed bag."
The A.V. Club,60,"An album of sporadic delights much like Dance Hall at Louse Point , this is a footnote in Harveys career, but not one thats entirely unworthy of investigation."
Slant Magazine,50,"After two decades of creative partnership, she and Parish no doubt know what the other is thinking, but it also feels like a mishmash of sounds from over her whole career, a flood after the stillness of 'White Chalk.'"
Hot Press,31,"This new one is both harder to love and harder to fathom."
Entertainment Weekly,30,"A Woman A Man Walked By is a side project in the worst sense of the term; a slight diversion that's really for Harvey completists only. [Spring 2009, p.66]"

The Guardian,90,"This is an album of spontaneous originality and should be appreciated as such. [May 2009, p.114]"
Rolling Stone,80,"For Living Thing, they ditch the comfortable confines of the airy, featherweight pop they perfected on Writers Block for more sonically adventurous territory and prove in the process that their prior success was not just a fluke."
Q Magazine,80,"The lyrics are by turns earnest and cheeky, but PB & J are most fun when they're feisty."
Pitchfork,80,"Living Thing won't double as anyone's dance-party playlist. But it's an uneasy, bracingly honest soundtrack to life after fame."
Chicago Tribune,80,"The Stockholm-based trio has also piped in a good deal of lyrical gravity--another contrast to PB&J's persistently perky first album--and the best tunes have a welcome heft."
Dot Music,80,"If Peter Bjorn and John keep putting out albums as challenging, intelligent, and emotional as this, there is no reason for anyone to get off the bandwagon any time soon."
Under The Radar,80,"From the hipster head-bobber 'Nothing to Worry About' to the melancholy closer 'Last Night,' the trio takes a minimalist approach to creating beats and accompaniments, making its simple voices more affecting and the subtle production all the more charming."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Living Thing isnt easy listening, it functions best on headphones, and it doesnt contain an obvious single. But music should be challenging."
AllMusic,75,"That shtick eventually wears thin on Living Thing, but on the stomping, squiggly 'Nothing to Worry About,' it kills."
Entertainment Weekly,75,"Living Thing is a quirky, cranky little beast, determined to defy expectations."
Boston Globe,74,"The album is uneven by previous PB&J standards, but the band earns high marks for proving their hooks can translate into any stylistic language."
The New York Times,70,"The album finds Peter, Bjorn and John settling into a comfort zone that, while hardly groundbreaking, makes for intriguing listening."
Rolling Stone,70,"The sound matches lyrics about isolation and despair, achieving a freeze-dried catchiness in the opening songs. But by the end of the album, cleverness gives way to the bleak and the drab."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"The vocals come in a robotic monotone on 'I'm Losing My Mind,' and there's not much holding together all the rhythm on the opener, 'The Feeling.' It just shows that finding the right mix between melody and rhythm is a delicate balance, but these dozen tunes strike it more often than not."
Alternative Press,70,"Living Thing may grow to become known as Peter Bjorn and Johns pirate album, a rattling, jangly near-hour of music thats completely in step with itself."
musicOMH.com,70,"Swedes living la vida on curious new outing."
Prefix Magazine,60,"A surfeit of wilfully sibilant '80s keyboard sounds notwithstanding, there's little to dislike. [May 2009, p.103]"
Q Magazine,60,"Living Thing, equally lovely and contrary, is somewhere between the two [albums, 'Young Folks' and 'Seaside Rock']. [May 2009, p.116]"
Uncut,60,"While a faithful stab at synth pop, there's nothing on the Swedes' fifth album to match 'Young Folks' and, though more coherent, it lacks the eclecticism that made 2006's 'Writer's Block' so appealing."
Spin,60,"With so many bases cases covered, there's something for young folks and old folks--even if suspicious folks will still need some convincing. [Apr 2009, p.93]"
The A.V. Club,60,"PB and J also dont lose their mass appeal here."
Los Angeles Times,60,"It's a frustrating listen, ultimately. There's enough promise here to suggest a band full of potential, but you get the feeling that they won't be breaking out of that cult status anytime soon."
Pitchfork,60,"All told, it's a rag-tag collection, and one that comes short of the band's high standards even allowing for the commercial backlash."
No Ripcord,55,"Living Thing sounds like a noble but flawed attempt by Peter Bjorn and John to test the fortitude of their songwriting using the most barren and broken of arrangements. But more often that not, it sounds like they settled on the drum-machine presets first, with the lyrics and melodies thrown on top as afterthoughts."
NOW Magazine,50,"While it would've been nearly impossible to live up to the expectations [of Writer's Block], it's hard to believe they so thoroughly confounded them with such a middling release. [Spring 2009, p.73]"
Sputnikmusic,50,"In an attempt to purge themselves of the jaunty millstone that is 'Young Folks' and all the joyous indie pop that went along with it, PB&J have ended up with a purely draining effort. Living Thing borders on the narcoleptic."
Paste Magazine,50,"Living Thing sits uneasily in some sort of odd pop no-mans-land: its not quite smart nor fully-realized enough for the sad-sack indie set, and its too despairing and insightful for the pop set."
Dot Music,50,"In addition to a deficiency of hooks, Living Thing is further crippled by an all too obvious absence of charm."
Tiny Mix Tapes,40,"But where's the joie de vivre? Sunk like a 401(k), it seems."
Drowned In Sound,40,"It's not so much that Living Thing doesn't have good songs, more that they have been arranged in such a way as to conceal their appeal."
cokemachineglow,35,"The songs themselves are broad, indifferent things, no relation to the Thing that is this album."

Slant Magazine,81,"While the mostly mid-tempo, mostly acoustic continues the trajectory from college rock to radio-ready adult alternative, Gomez has yet to succumb to anything resembling blandness. The albums best songs are its most experimental, which will continue to frustrate those who want these Southport boys to more frequently embrace the strange."
Under The Radar,80,"Gomez ups the musical ante with A New Tide, a brilliant 11-song collection of lyrical jewels embellished by colorful and unusual textural arrangements that a dynamics-loving jazz band could admire."
Slant Magazine,80,"Their latest, A New Tide, is their most accessible set yet."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Album-closer 'Sunset Gates' gives Ottewell the final word, one he shares with promenading stand-up bass, pulsing guitar counterpoints, and a climactic jam crescendo driven by Peacocks eternal fills and blaring horns that sputter like wounded hawks plunging from the hardscrabble sky. And so ends another Gomez album, a very fine one."
PopMatters,70,"On the laidback, spaced-out strength of A New Tide, theyre still as pleasantly beguiling as they were 11 years ago."
Tiny Mix Tapes,67,"Recorded in Chicago and Charlottesville, Virginia, A New Tide cobbles together elements of those scenes, but it ultimately lacks identity; it strives for diversity at the cost of imagination and quality songwriting."
Uncut,60,"There is some nice arrangements here, even if too many of the tracks sound like they belong on some type of chillout/easy listening compilation."
Austin Chronicle,60,"A New Tide also contains some of the band's most straightforward material yet."
The A.V. Club,60,"Mostly A New Tide is high on big tunes and low on character. [May 2009, p.108]"
AllMusic,60,"Hints of 'The Basement Tapes' glimmer through pieces like 'Win Park Slope' or 'Airstream Driver,' while John Martyn and Nick Drake ride again in the mystic folkery of 'Little Pieces.' [May 2009, p.86]"
Drowned In Sound,55,"It may be the weakest album in their catalog."
Alternative Press,54,"It's a showy album with very little to show."
Under The Radar,50,"New Tide continues Gomez's struggle to accurately identify its sound after the initial boon of 1998's Mercury Prize, further wedging them into a narrow void between two unbecoming styles."
Paste Magazine,50,"Be that as it may, it is the band's recent failure to effectively collaborate, and for these 11 tracks to properly mesh, that has fostered the mediocrity inherent in A New Tide."
No Ripcord,40,"The kinder, gentler, safe-for-consumption-by-sorority-girls version is fine, but it's merely entertaining where it used to be enchanting."
Pitchfork,40,"A New Tide is a respectable affair reminiscent of the Beta Band at best (Airstream Driver) and David Gray at its coffee-table worst, courtesy of vocalist Ian Ball's folksy bleat."
musicOMH.com,40,"The likes of 'Win Park Slope' are pleasant, but also disappontingly unremarkable. [May 2009, p.112]"

Q Magazine,70,"The weird and promising thing is that it works without ever feeling natural. The actual coexistence of the earnest and the smoove stops being so striking after a while, but the best songs on Rules dont let you forget there is one."
Filter,70,"Rules moves smoothly from one track to the next. Sometimes it does all feel a little too formulaic, a little too rational."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"It's more like easy listening with a funk flare, and, like all easy-listening, there are times when it falls decidedly flat."
The A.V. Club,63,"As catchy as much of Rules is, that hesitancy brings about an imbalance of mood."
Billboard.com,60,"The result is a marriage of indie pop and dance music, containing a number of tracks that are just a remix away from clubland glory. [Apr 2009, p.111]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"In all, the languidness of Rules has its own odd charmsince WBA never aspire to be much beyond a wistful dance pop quartet, they dont fall down the stairs too embarrassingly."
PopMatters,60,"Rules finds The Whitest Boy Alive turning noticeably paler, peddling a shade of Ralph Lauren yacht-rock that would make Hall & Oates blush. [May 2009, p.105]"
Uncut,50,"Listening to Rules is a surprisingly boring experience.  At several instances throughout this album you wish someone would let rip with a guitar solo, fire off a rave horn or just do something to liven up proceedings."
Mojo,50,"Hooks hit their fleshy mark here and there--'Dead End' is a compulsive, '80s-flavoured high and 'High On The Heels'' clipped acid house proves endearingly gauche--but it's cold comfort on a record that fleshes out a promising template to only diminishing returns."
AllMusic,50,"So, his odd decision to make Jamiroquai-like pillow-pop adds yet another string to Oyes heavily-laden bow, but this is one wed happily take the wire-cutters to."
Pitchfork,50,"A handful of marginal highs aside (the minor urgency of 'Courage,' the fluid sobriety of 'Gravity'), it's hard to shake the feeling that Rules would be a lot more satisfying if it broke a few more."
Slant Magazine,50,"Rules may not be the shape of whats to come, but theres also little offence to be found in its unobtrusive ways."
Under The Radar,40,"The effete Norwegian's music is becoming too unobtrusive for its own good. [Apr 2009, p.103]"
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Sadly, the effect is often not strikingly minimalist but blandly beige, at times recalling Jamiroquai's most soulless moments."

AllMusic,90,"Labyrinthes is a jubilant album of experimental indie pop that hold ups to the scrutiny of constant plays. You may not have an idea of what's being sung, but it's a great album which easily transcends the language barrier."
PopMatters,87,"The albums meditations on what follows the mortal coil are as sweeping as the gulf between its genres, but both are handled with rewardingly nuanced subtlety."
Pitchfork,80,"It's on the mighty 'Collemboles,' however, that all the angles, time-signature switches and gigantic choruses come togerther, and it's the finest moment on an album packed with delights. [May 2009, p.115]"
Filter,70,"Give Malajube credit, then, for letting its music speak in different voices on their latest effort, Labyrinthes."
cokemachineglow,70,"Nothing here quite matches the effusive, quirky 'Montreal -40C' from 2006s Trompe-loeil, but 'Luna' sounds like Animal Collective gone mainstream and 'Dragon de Glace' sambas with Air--both fine rues to traverse, oui?"
Paste Magazine,64,"So although Labyrinthes further establishes Malajube as French Canadians worth following, this time you may not make it far enough to save your brother from the Goblin King."
Slant Magazine,60,"What Labyrinthes lacks in instant anthems, it makes up for in rich melodies, grand orchestration, and blooming arrangements, that stop short of bombast. [Jun 2009, p.92]"
Spin,40,"The record veers off along theatrical tangents that recall Muse or ELO as much as Sunset Rubdown but ultimately dont seem to make sense."

Austin Chronicle,91,"Black Cascade makes it a little harder to just sink into the gloom, but the payoff is hearing Wolves become a more thoroughly powerful metal act."
The Boston Phoenix,84,"The fact is that Black Cascade is half victory lap and half turf statement: it hones in on their strengths without sacrificing originality; it pays off magnificently on all the chances theyve taken in the past; it is fucking brutal; and it is another high water mark in the bands catalogue for the New Wave of American Metal."
Billboard.com,80,"In fact, so powerful has their music become that when alls said and done, we could care less about the bands tree-hugging tendencies, what the lyrics are, or just what the hell that dude in the leggings is in the albums elaborate artwork; were far too busy being awestruck by the music."
The A.V. Club,80,"Black Cascade meshes razor-throated fundamentals with panoramic sweep, its four thunderous riff odysseys wreathed in soulful desolation. [May 2009, p.109]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"Black Cascade is impressive enough to vault Wolves into the top ranks of the highly idiosyncratic U.S. black-metal scene, allowing them rub shoulders with such standard-bearer bands as Nachtmystium and Absu."
Uncut,70,"Black Cascade should be taken for what it is: fodder for the band's increasingly heralded live show and, at its simplest, a strong output in an increasingly stagnant, attention craved US black metal scene."
NOW Magazine,60,"At its peaks, it remains bracing in its intensity. But between climatic passages defined by Nathan Weaver's hoarse roar and stern batteries of kickdrum, the band seems to recede into misty, ambient washes that are engaging in their heavy melancholy. [Apr 2009, p.105]"
The A.V. Club,45,"All of Black Cascade pounds away with a similar notion for four tracks and 50 minutes, offering four black metal tides that occasionally shift into some texturally bankrupt, wintry drone."

PopMatters,90,"Good Evening is unbelievably catchy and vintage but at times is weighted down by its own obscurity, sometimes becoming far too much background noise and not enough of an active listen to provide enough distinction between tracks."
Boston Globe,80,"Therein lies the power of this understatedly great debut  in avoiding a simple homage to sounds that came and went a couple of decades ago, Gonzalez managed to imbue her music with a greater historical perspective."
musicOMH.com,80,"Shes absurd, yes, but she also has an incredible melodic sense and can unpredictably weave trancey backdrops to brilliant effect."
Chicago Tribune,80,"She may be about to extract herself from the heat-warped dazzle pop of Good Evening, which is probably a good idea considering the amount of opaque imitators crushing hard on her heels, but for now Gonzalez has created one of the most understated and beautifully murky pop records of 2009."
Pitchfork,72,"Nite Jewels schtick may well revolve around crafting a distinctive and specific sound/mood and doing it well, but Good Evenings best moments arise when Gonzalez goes for just a little more range."
AllMusic,63,"Good Evening is minuscule and precious, both of which are charming descriptors, but its fragility is taken to an almost palpable extent."
Alternative Press,60,"The second half of Good Evening picks up and runs right off, with the hooks hiding under all the reverb and fuzz starting to scratch at the surface with a fair amount of urgency."
Q Magazine,60,"Good Evening is a good bet for fans of Casiotone For The Painfully Alone, Glass Candy, and Sally Shapiro. [Spring 2009, p.79]"
Spin,60,"While too soft for the dancefloor, songs like :weak For me' don't scrimp on the songcraft. [Nov 2009, p.96]"
Alternative Press,40,"Like their too-cool-for-school foremothers, they kind of miss the point of what Italo is about. Unlike them, however, over 10 tracks, they cant even muster one bleedin catchy choon."

NOW Magazine,80,"In a voice so fragile a strong breeze might overpower it, he offers sober ruminations on loneliness, life, love, longing, and artfully infuses each song with just the right amount of banjo, light drumming, acoustic guitar and vocal harmonies (often courtesy of the stellar Julie Fader)."
The A.V. Club,80,"On their fourth album, Tony Dekker and his revolving cast of co-conspirators walk a little taller than on previous releases, employing a larger, more band-oriented sound that lovingly elevates (and amplifies) Dekker's simple, refined melodies into something both peaceful and majestic."
No Ripcord,80,"Lost Channels is still comforting, except now instead of misery finding company, Great Lake Swimmers have made an album that reaches down, and pulls you out of the darkness and into the light that was always there."
Billboard.com,80,"While it might be criticised for not having some of the mystery characterising previous albums, Lost Channels is a blissful yet haunting record."
Under The Radar,78,"The consistency from past to present is resolute and the drifting more uplifting than heard before, but the moments of poignancy heard on earlier records still ring truest."
Austin Chronicle,72,"Altogether, Lost Channels marks a step forward for the Swimmers, one that--along with their relentless touring (and there's no questioning the indie-ness of that)--should be sufficient to keep their star on the rise."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"When Dekkar slows things down, it feels like a choice and not a limitation. He and his band never missed with their first three albums, but they've made some necessary discoveries on this one."
Pitchfork,70,"Lost Channels at times taps the hushed intensity of Low's hymnals, but the tracks like 'She Comes To Me In dreams' ring happily with the implied twang of R.E.M.'s early albums. [Spring 2009, p.76]"
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"Though some tracks lull more than thrill, that seems to be the goal. [May 2009, p.114]"
Rolling Stone,70,"Dekker has always seemed to me more metaphysical than mystical, but on this outing some of the lyrics are starting to edge closer to the easy contentedness of finding salvation through natural beauty instead of finding existential insignificance in the similarities of all matter. That said, theres a good mix of elements here, and the increased focus on the diversity of the musical side of things takes the spotlight off the lyrics to a certain extent."
Uncut,60,"Great Lake Swimmers pleasures are deceptively simple, but one cant help but get held up by the tactile surfaces of their elaborate simulacrum of shamanistic folk."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Fans of Iron & Wine and The Acorn take note. [Jun 2009, p.96]"

Q Magazine,80,"'Love Like Jazz' comes from LotusFlow3r, the sets strongest disc, and the one that best narrows the distance between Princes airtight studio work and his rampaging live shows."
Mojo,80,"Lotusflow3r has Prince channeling his Hendrix spirit guide on a cover of 'Crimson & Clover' shot through with riffs from 'Wild Thing;' on 'Wall of Berlin' and 'Dreamer,' he squeezes the Jimi out of his guitar until you can almost see the hologram."
AllMusic,75,"LotusFlow3r is the work of a musician who's still curious after all these years."
Drowned In Sound,70,"The set's signature disc Lotusflow3r, is its most consistently enjoyable, a far-flung cornucopia of electric guitar licks from one of the instrument's sharpest practitioners."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Its a solid offering of tightly conceptualized tunes."
PopMatters,60,"LotusFlow3r is perhaps the most palatable of the three albums, a guitar-driven collection of rockers and slow jams. There's a lot to like here....Still, they can't save the album from its turkeys."
Sputnikmusic,60,"The drawback is that when he isnt playing guitar, the music on this disc is oddly muted."
AllMusic,60,"LotusFlow3r is constrained by its guitar-heavy concept, offering great moments instead of great whole songs."
PopMatters,58,"Princes guitar works overtime on Lotusflow3r, often patching over some unfinished ideas."
Delusions of Adequacy,50,"LOtUSFLOW3R only occasionally transcends the same anesthetized gloss that gummed up '3121' and 'Planet Earth,' both of which feature stronger songs, not that you'd know it beyond all that polish."
Billboard.com,49,"But when I say 'neutral,' unfortunately I mean pretty much exactly what you probably think I mean. The only track with an immediately memorable hook is his cover of 'Crimson and Clover.'"
Alternative Press,47,"LotusFlow3r achieves nothing so much as reliving the glory and joy of emulation, which is saddened by the image of Prince nudging our shoulders, urging us to relive with him."
Spin,42,"LOtUSFLOW3R, is less narcoleptic than merely sleepy."
The A.V. Club,40,"There's an OK cover of Tommy James and the Shondells' 'Crimson and Clover,' but mostly this album's where Prince has stuck his fill3r."

Rolling Stone,80,"If after swallowing that Elixer, you still have the stamina for more, you will be amply rewarded by Minneapolis Sound, or as Prince spells it, MPLSoUND."
AllMusic,80,"Mplsound is sometimes stronger still [than 'Lotusflow3r'], with the party whoop of '(There'll Never B) Another Like Me,' the delicious dirty mind of 'Chocolate Box' and 'Ol' Skool Company,' which will have you partying like its 1985."
NOW Magazine,71,"MPLSound appeals to nostalgia both implicitly (a reminder of the reasons for our adoration) and explicitly (the album sounds good because it sounds like Sign O The Times)."
Pitchfork,70,"MPLSound, the funkiest of the three discs--transcends its own hectoring. The put-downs arent half as good as the come-ons."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Five of MPLSoUND's nine songs sound like lost B sides from assorted classic Prince albums (Dirty Mind, 1999, Controversy, etc.); these days, even a really good Prince song usually reminds the listener of a better, earlier one. What really hamstrings the album, though, is a four-song sequence in the middle."
Drowned In Sound,63,"MPLSound might be the most pristine for what it ultimately lacks: the sense of real, lusty sin."
Under The Radar,60,"The drum machine hallmark of his 1980s heyday is a staple of MPLSound, a disc that hauls that sound into the present with mixed results."
PopMatters,60,"On MPLSound, Prince takes his retro mission seriously enough to offer up a few songs nervy enough to be singles, even if the synthesized thrill of this handful of tunes is undercut by a bunch of slow-burning ballads that do their best to rival 'The Arms of Orion.'"
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"MPLSound could be a thank-you note to those Parade-era purists patient enough to have stuck around."
Uncut,58,"The beats do the heavy lifting, often making the album sound like a throwback to the 80s funk he helped define."
Dusted Magazine,57,"MPLSound is (surprise) momentarily enjoyable and completely inessential, happy to provoke Palovian responses since the hard work of honestly juicing your head, heart, or hips is antithetical to the whole idea."
The A.V. Club,50,"On an individual song-for-song basis, the lyrical hooks are even shallower than they are on LOtUSFLOW3R."
Spin,42,"Third disc MPLSoUND is the strongest of the bunch, though that's faint praise; even standouts like the teasing, breathy 'Chocolate Box' and the bedroom-ready 'U're Gonna C Me' feel, at best, like pale lavender imitations of better times."
Mojo,40,"'Dance 4 Me' cribs the throwback electro beat of 'Erotic City,' while 'Here' should be served with a tall glass of wine to wash down all the cheese. 'Valentina,' the album's most unintentionally hilarious song, is a musical valentine to actress Salma Hayek."

Paste Magazine,83,"On his first solo CD, Grace/Wastelands, he conjures an understated and fantastical vision of his homeland in which jazzy meditations on the 1930s bump up against haunted fairy-tale folk."
Pitchfork,83,"Listeners who arent already in sync with Dohertys wastrel reportage likely wont be swayed by Grace/Wastelands, but the album generates an atmosphere of fragile, easily disturbed calm bound to captivate those who still find him one of the most compelling figures in modern rock."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Grace/Wastelands isn't quite the defining statement of his genius that his cheerleaders always insisted was just around the corner, but it demolishes the charge that his talent has been fatally squandered. [Apr 2009, p.98]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"In a narcotized haze of lounge blues, New Orleans jazz, gauzy retro soul, and understated guitar pop, he has made the most compelling record of his career."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"There are tracks here that date back five years, before the tabloids turned up and Pete became Potty. That might account for the album's frankly astonishing surfeit of memorable tunes; it would certainly explain the lack of smirking references to heroin and crack and of the snivelling self-pity that makes junkies such reliably delightful company."
AllMusic,80,"It's the songs--funny, literate, doomed--which get under your skin. [Apr 2009, p.100]"
Prefix Magazine,80,"It's an intelligent, beguiling and charming record, from a man who has often seemed to lack all but the first of these qualities, and the first thing he's done since The Libertines' debut to make you feel genuine hope for his future."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Grace/Wastelands is Doherty scrubbed up, older and wiser and showing signs of regret for the past. It is a great album but then, so have they all been."
Uncut,80,"Grace/Wastelands is a pleasant, downright breezy collection of songs and Doherty, excepting the dreamily ragged quality of his voice, sounds something like a new man."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"This is easily the best-sounding album Doherty has been involved with, neither self-consciously 'raw' nor overly polished; it lets the music be as simple or as elaborate as it needs to be."
Los Angeles Times,80,"The man's always had his tender side: What makes this album different is the lack of input from his other sides. [May 2009, p.121]"
Filter,78,"Solo debuts, beginning with 1970's McCartney, generally lay themselves bare. Grace/Wastelands does, with the same irresistible UK melodicism begun by the British Invasion's big bang."
AllMusic,70,"Grace is less a masterpiece than an escape, a memento of his charisma and charm more than a leap towards new horizons."
The Guardian,70,"Pete Doherty has made a solo album with Stephen Street producing, and the result is some pretty good music."
Boston Globe,60,"It will, rightly, go a long way to repairing Pete Doherty's reputation as a singer and songwriter of note. But half of it is a bit boring."
Uncut,60,"Peter doesn't quite have a full batch of tunes here--the weird, World War IIthemed '1939 Returning' is one of a few songs that could use an actual chorus--but for much of the album he manages to make his dysfunction sing."
Paste Magazine,60,"The closest his polite bum comes to tearing loose is when he gives his music-hall skiffle a Dixieland bounce. [Apr 2009, p.80]"
Mojo,60,"Consider Grace/Wastelands more of a step in the right direction, a sign that maybe all is not lost and he can turn things around yet."
Q Magazine,60,"He doesn't quite succeed, though in the process of failing, he turns in his most restrained and focused recordings to date."
PopMatters,57,"Problem is, the more traditionally reflective Grace/Wastelands just manages to make his solipsism double over on itself and your memories of listening to 'Up the Bracket' are more rewarding than his memories of making it."
PopMatters,50,"Basically, Grace/Wasteland is Doherty as strolling minstrel. [Spring 2009, p.71]"
AllMusic,30,"It essentially exposes Dohertys biggest weaknesses: his trite lyrics, his less than perfect voice, and his inability to sound interested in anything hes doing not under the title 'Libertines.'"

Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"The Hazards of Love is shockingly good."
Pitchfork,90,"The group continues their fantastic, totally unique song structures, lyrics and instrumentation, resulting in the next evolution of a Decemberists album, and it does not disappoint."
Dusted Magazine,89,"Meloy's touchstones form one of the Decemberists' best, precise diction; moody, compelling melodies in glorious arrangements; and elegant phrasing dripping like honey off the tongue."
Under The Radar,83,"The real surprise of The Hazards Of Love is how well it works as a straight-up rock album."
Q Magazine,80,"The narrative doesn't get in the way of the tunes, and the choruses are pretty versatile as anthems go."
No Ripcord,80,"The result is both classic Decemberists--all folk pop whimsy wrapped up in darker lyrics than their surface suggests--and a new direction, using the '60s/early '70s folk foundations to follow their logical path into that odd corner of the English genre that somehow crossed over with Heavy Metal."
Pitchfork,80,"This song cycle concerning Margaret, her swain William and forest queens is as dazzling as it is beautiful."
The New York Times,80,"The album sound stultifying, but this is far from the case, thanks to a steady stream of surprises and a depth of detail that reveals itself incrementally."
Filter,80,"Hazards of Love won't convert anybody who already wrote the band off as overly precious bookworms with a Morrissey/Victorian ghost story fetish, but fans who have dutifully followed the Decemberists since their 2002 debut get to take home bragging rights this time around."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Despite Meloy's lofty vocabulary and penchant for themes of antiquity, Decemberists albums are consistently generous with great tunes and charm, and 'The Hazards of Love' is no different."
AllMusic,80,"It's a far-reaching and ambitious album, stronger than its predecessor and full of gallant wordplay and vivid imagery."
NOW Magazine,80,"Listening to The Hazards of Love is thrilling, both because of the music itself and because the disc was such a sheer gamble from the first. Improbable as it seems, they just might pull it off."
Uncut,80,"Robyn Hitcock, My Morning Jacket's Jim James and, taking the female characters' voices, Becky Stark and Shara Worden, are among those fleshing out the band, but all are no more than support to Colin Meloy and his very singular vision--and what a glorious big, bold and entirely bonkers one it is. [Apr 2009, p.104]"
Mojo,80,"From the glacial, droning opening track to the headscratcher folk finale, The Hazards of Love takes its time, inviting you to grab a seat in front of the fire, stoke your Meerschaum pipe and take a trip."
PopMatters,80,"Don't worry about it being a chore; after devouring the album in its entirety almost a dozen times, we're still craving more. [May 2009, p.120]"
Los Angeles Times,80,"By turns acoustic intimate and theatrical-loud, this spellbinding work peaks and soars with all the warmth and wonder of some great romantic adventure, demanding and rewarding total immersion in its magical narrative. [May 2009, p.110]"
Rolling Stone,74,"The Harzards Of Love is an unbelievable show, but its director should have spent more time on the script and less on the pomp and circumstance. [Winter 2009, p.90]"
Billboard.com,71,"True, it is also the kind of soaring, gleefully overwrought, overproduced, folk pop that drive detractors to acts of libelous message board violence and depravity. But if 'inauthentic' means commercial then it should be noted that Hazards is essentially the definition of a passion project."
AllMusic,60,"There are certainly enough good things about the album to let its more infuriating conceits pass."
PopMatters,60,"The album is still frequently guilty of some of the shortcomings that have plagued the band since 'Picaresque.'"
Uncut,60,"The Hazards of Love doesn't have the same thrill of the band's early work."
Q Magazine,60,"This is a man who penned a song called 'Chimbley Sweep' without conceding how daft that sounds, and this overblown opus about a mythical Margaret is equally wet and earnest."
The A.V. Club,57,"Enough happens musically on The Hazards of Love that I can still see it being fun for fans in a live setting, especially if you know the lyrics. On disc, though, it's largely missing the catchy choruses and verisimilar emotions that previously served as ballast for the Decemberists' gaudy eccentricities."
Austin Chronicle,50,"His plot is so preposterous and unempathetic it's more the appearance of a plot, or an elaborate joke about a plot."
The Boston Phoenix,50,"The Hazards of Love feels like a gambit, with the Decemberists betting that increased bombast and literary aspiration will make up for decreased attention to pop craft. It's a hazardous bet that yields spectacular sparks but ultimately asks for much more than it's willing to give."
The Guardian,50,"Where past Decemberists albums rewarded delving deeply into the milieu The Decemberists had created, Hazards of Love fails to provide much worth that probing."
Pitchfork,50,"Casting off songs entirely for 17 parts that to their cult make a sum, I was sure this would be the one where I could finally take my other foot off the doorstop....[But] the fresh voices and staged character interplay keep Meloy's pretensions from boiling over, and loathe as I am to admit, two of the four title tracks culminate in something like hooks."
The A.V. Club,40,"The Hazrds Of Love is a medieval romance that feels like homework. [Apr 2009, p.80]"
AllMusic,40,"Hazards of Love personifies potentially workable songs eaten away by overwhelmingly ill-conceived ambition."
Q Magazine,40,"The band tries out big, fuzzy, folksy blues riffs on tracks like 'The Wanting Comes In Waves/Repaid and The Queen's Rebuke/The Crossing,' but the proggy result is unmemorable and middling."
Pitchfork,33,"Hazards of Love drowns in convoluted plots, blustery guest vocalists, and comically out-of-place guitar shredding."

Under The Radar,90,"Amidst blistering tritone riffs and arpeggiated chords is a group keener to explore sonic harmony than crank the distortion. Crack the Skye is an epic trek across the space-time continuum, entirely on Mastodons terms."
Delusions of Adequacy,90,"Crack the Skye presents a stunningly original fusion of sounds."
musicOMH.com,90,"Crack The Skye is a monolithic achievement from a band that never compromises in terms of vision or style. It's easily the best metal album of the last 10 years."
Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"Its the rarest type of album: one that exceeds every expectation you may have, branding itself in your mind forever and constantly surprising you with how amazing it is."
Pitchfork,90,"Crack the Skye has the feel of a classic metal album, steeped in impressive musicianship and stylized construction; its the kind of album you can repeatedly rock out to without ever feeling the desire to skip even one moment of its sprawling majesty."
AllMusic,89,"Crack the Skye is a prog-metal classic, void of pretension or hesitation."
NOW Magazine,83,"Its the songs that matter most on Crack The Skye, and the songs have rarely sounded stronger."
PopMatters,80,"Mastodon present a prog-metal concept that would make Stephen Hawking bang his head."
Drowned In Sound,80,"If this all sounds a bit heavy going, Crack the Skye offers plenty of simple pleasures as Mastodon heap on the musical melodrama, with a more-is-more approach to fretwork that's bound to see them liven up moshpits when they support Metallica this summer."
AllMusic,80,"There will be naysayers among the band's extreme, tatted legions. But Crack the Skye is an awesome display."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"While the band still lack a truly distinctive vocalist, it's become clear that with their mastery of water, earth, and skye, Mastodon's music now feels as powerfully elemental as its subject matter."
cokemachineglow,80,"Fantastic in every sense, the album is also girded with hard-fought musical and emotional maturity."
Pitchfork,80,"The album will be attractive to head bangers, math rockers, and now even classic-rock devotees thanks to guitarists Brent Hinds's and Bill Kelliher's deep devotion to the almighty riff."
Alternative Press,80,"As is the case with metal music in general, its best enjoyed as one gigantic, ostentatious package, and although Mastodons approach has been altered slightly on this album, they never fail to deliver that end of the bargain, record sales be damned."
musicOMH.com,80,"First off, a warning: the best way to encounter Mastodon's Crack the Skye for the first time is with headphones. Reported to be a mystical -- if crunchy -- concept record about Tsarist Russia, this is actually the most involved set of tracks, both in terms of music and production, the band has ever recorded. 'Ambitious' is a word that regularly greets Mastodon -- after all, they did an entire album based on Moby Dick -- but until now, that adjective may have been an understatement. There is so much going on in these seven tracks that it's difficult to get it all in a listen or two (one of the reasons that close encounters of the headphone kind are recommended). It may seem strange that the band worked with Bruce Springsteen producer Brendan O'Brien this time out, but it turns out to be a boon for both parties: for the band because O'Brien is obsessive about sounds, textures, and finding spaces in just the right places; for O'Brien because in his work with the Boss he's all but forgotten what the sounds of big roaring electric guitars and overdriven thudding drums can sound like. The guitar arrangements on tracks like 'Divinations' and 'The Czar,' while wildly different from one another, are the most intricate, melodically complex things the band has ever recorded. There are also more subtle moments such as the menacing, brooding, and ultimately downer cuts such as 'The Last Baron,' where tempos are slowed and keyboards enter the fray and stretch the time, adding a much more multidimensional sense of atmosphere and texture. Still, Crack the Skye rocks, and hard! Its shifting tempos and key structures are far more meaty and forceful than most prog metal, and menace and cosmological speculation exist in equal measure, providing for a spot-on sense of balance. Some of the hardcore death metal conservatives may have trouble with this set, but the album wasn't recorded for them -- or anybody else. Crack the Skye is the sound of a band stretching itself to its limits and exploring the depth of its collective musical identity as a series of possibilities rather than as signatures. And yes, that is a good thing."
The A.V. Club,80,"Crack the Skye follows Mastodons uncanny tradition of crafting a brand of heavy metal that is unabashed, mazelike, and above all, fresh."
Under The Radar,80,"'The Czar' is a microcosm of Crack The Skye: thuddingly impressive, richly textured and constantly surprising."
Pitchfork,80,"In a way, Mastodon operates something like prime-era Metallica, unleashing these huge, blistering tracks that journey over peaks and valleys and ditches and oceans before leaving you spinning."
AllMusic,80,"Hinds and Co. have dispensed with the neanderthal growls and screams of past records, which might have robbed Crack the Skye of its surprising grace and pushed it closer to the nu-metal end of the spectrum."
Drowned In Sound,80,"The overwhelming headiness, relentless heaviness, behemoth riffing, technical proficiency and epic scope of Crack (at least three listens are needed before it all sinks in) should be enough to prove that these guys are the Rush of extreme metal."
PopMatters,80,"The music is as ambitious as the plot, but more coherent. [May 2009, p.116]"
Uncut,80,"Wanna hear the real masters of puppets? Pop this record on and recoil as you realise the aforementioned are but limp and loose-limbed marionettes compared to Mastodons array of all-conquering modern metal cacophonies."
Q Magazine,80,"It is Mastodon's ability to blend such grandstanding flourishes with a powerful sense of songcraft that suggests Crack The Skye might be some 'Master Of Puppets' breakthrough for the Atlanta quartet. [May 2009, p.98]"
The A.V. Club,75,"Crack the Skye is Mastodon's most involved album to date, relying on hyper-intricate guitar arrangements and production nuance in service of its freaky inter-dimensional mythology."
The Boston Phoenix,75,"Happily, the Atlanta quartet has jettisoned most of its sludge aesthetic and now crafts a dynamic sort of hard-rocking head music, equal parts King Crimson and King's X."
Observer Music Monthly,75,"There's more melody here than on previous Mastodon albums; opener 'Oblivion' even has a sweetly grungy Alice in Chains breakdown. And Brendan O'Brien's production does increase the fist-pumping factor in 'Divinations' and 'Crack the Skye'--the latter of which bites some of Metallica's Black Album rumble. But this is still a forbiddingly dense piece of post-prog rock."
Tiny Mix Tapes,65,"Theres some really wicked ideas buried in the mud here, but between some humdrum instrumental passages and a lot of nu-metal lite-style singing and the general mess of sonics trying to pull them out is like forcing yourself to listen to Joe Satriani for the cool parts."
Drowned In Sound,60,"As richly rewarding a work of brilliance as it is, Crack The Skye will nonetheless be beyond the ken of all but those with the most open of minds--or pre--attuned ears. [Apr 2009, p.107]"
New Musical Express (NME),40,"For metal devotees seeking heaviness and shred paired with otherworldly curio, Crack the Skye is the be all and end all, but for anybody without a Celtic Frost tattoo, do not follow 'the wise man's staff / Encased in crystal.'"

No Ripcord,91,"The rest of the remarkably memorable Kicks is similarly raw, tight, and funky."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"The group conjure a brilliantly ludicrous trash-pop poetry, hymning girls with gammy eyes on night buses--all much more seedily evocative and enjoyable than erstwhile Yummy Fur comrades, Franz Ferdinand. [May 2009, p.77]"
Uncut,80,"Kicks certainly doesnt reinvent the wheel, but it has a whole lotta fun copying it."
XLR8r,70,"Their music is often thrilling and endlessly hummable."
Pitchfork,70,"Kicks is less of a cocky triumph, but it still cements 1990s position as the torchbearers for no-nonsense Brit-pop."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Line-up changes (guitarist Jamie McMorrow was replaced by V-Twin man Dino Bardot) have resulted in a beefier, bouncier, more playful sound, with vocals shared more evenly and harmonies abounding."
PopMatters,60,"Kicks may take its leads from The Rolling Stones, David Bowie and Orange Juice but these songs about Glasgow and girls still manage to invest the skinny-tie shuffle with some fresh contemporary verve. [Apr 2009, p.98]"
Sputnikmusic,60,"1990s show more ambition on the follow-up. [May 2009, p.107]"
Slant Magazine,60,"They retain much of the glam rock frivolity and bombast of their debut, with a diaphanous bubblegum pop sheen tacked on courtesy of producer Bernard Butler. [Spring 2009, p.76]"
Spin,50,"1990s have not made a bad album, but like the decade itself Kicks never lives up to its promise and contains too many derivative and unmemorable moments."
Mojo,50,"Kicks is forgettable fare."
AllMusic,50,"The riffs have gotten sharper and more jagged as the punch lines have grown duller and less imaginative. Minus his smart-alecky cheek, it's increasingly difficult for McKeown to hold your interest."
Chicago Tribune,50,"'I Don't Even Know What Time It Is' sums up the whole record, stranded between sublime '80s guitar-pop and the more recent smarminess of Arctic Monkeys and Art Brut."
Billboard.com,50,"This is the problem that bands face when they go from the thrill of making the first record to the grind of having to produce something equal or better than their debut. Not too many groups can pull it off; add the 1990s to the long list of bands who have failed."
Spin,49,"Kicks is not the follow-up that 'Cookies' deserved, but its handful of winning standout tracks also suggests that its predecessor wasn't simply a fluke."
Alternative Press,40,"The album is also horribly sequenced, pushing its best tracks down after a morass of prettier, more insipid melodies had fluffed you."

The A.V. Club,80,"Poseidon and the Bitter Bug is not only solid all the way through, it feels fresh, clean, new, and chock-full of beauty."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Though audibly relaxed in their freedom from the label system, the duo delivers a few real emotional stunners."
Rolling Stone,75,"The Indigo Girls prove themselves, again, to be artists whose metaphoric turns of phrases evoke a hard-up world and invoke a more meaningful existence."
PopMatters,70,"Poseidon follows the pretty but predictable model that has worked for the Indigo Girls for 20 years, and outdoor pavilion crowds everywhere will no doubt be thrilled with the result."
Pitchfork,67,"A fascinating listen on its own, Poseidon flashes back in fine fashion on how the Indigo Girls sounded two decades ago."

Under The Radar,83,"As much as I'm looking forward to the next one from Ira, Georgia, and James proper, it's gonna have to work awfully hard to match the effortless blast that is Fuckbook."
The A.V. Club,83,"Fuckbooks 30 minutes are about as inconsequential as albums get, but theyre also perfect as a low-ambition vacation from the bands usual sound, and as convincing a tribute to the beauties of loud, fast, hooky rock n roll as youll find outside a Nuggets collection."
Alternative Press,80,"Fuckbook is a fantastic, energy-fuelled riot of an album and--if you wish to view it as such--yet another brilliant addition to the embarrassment of riches that is the collected works of Yo La Tengo."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Its clumsy, cheap, loud, fast and endlessly re-playable."
Boston Globe,80,"Theres genuine replay value here, even if the recording of it took about half as long as the convoluted fictional biography (complete with Photoshopped fake album covers) in the liner notes."
Slant Magazine,80,"Fuckbook is the best joke fake lo-fi cover album since Pussy Galores Exile, except with the added irony of the roasters becoming the roastees."
Spin,70,"An album full of cover versions is not really essential listening, although there are a few songs here reminiscent of the better covers from past Yo La Tengo albums."
Hot Press,70,"These sparse, unfastened and more importantly, exuberant covers are all flash and no substance. But that doesnt mean they arent specially well done and loads of fun, either."
NOW Magazine,70,"The songs are neither here nor there, which, to me, is exactly what a cover should be. That the men and woman behind Yo La Tengo have created yet another fine album after 25 years of existence and 11 full-lengths is outstanding."
Under The Radar,70,"The sound quality is appropriately assy, and guitarist Ira Kaplan has fun playing a pissed-off leather-jacket pimplehead. But Yo Las gentle side naturally peeks out."
Paste Magazine,67,"In the end, Fuckbook is a disappointing Yo La Tengo album, but the bands made it clear that it doesnt want it to be that, instead just a pretty good Condo Fucks record."
The Boston Phoenix,63,"Beyond a scrappy/winsome take on the Beach Boys' 'Shut Down,' there's not much to distinguish one track from another. It's all shits-and-giggles, all the time."
Pitchfork,60,"That spirit of garageland spontaneity pervades Fuckbook. [Apr 2009, p.84]"
AllMusic,60,"It's as much of a prank as an album, but after over 20 years as one of America's most consistently rewarding indie rock acts, Yo La Tengo are entitled to a bit of fun."
Rolling Stone,60,"As an homage to bands that paved the way, though, Fuckbook succeeds."
PopMatters,50,"The pseudonym and title (a wink to Yo La's mostly-covers Fakebook) indicate how this lark, with oft-inaudible vocals, is meant to be held up against the band's canon."

Drowned In Sound,90,"This incessant sense of creative movement makes Enemy Mine one of the best albums of the year, the sound of three great musicians forged into a product bigger than themselves."
Uncut,90,"They've given their songs a spine. Stark and deliberate, menageries of vocals ricochet irresistibly between reverb, piano and floor toms and stripped-down Americana. [Apr 2009, p.135]"
The A.V. Club,75,"Krug, as usual, beats his own nettled path to pop pay-off. The roughest spots come courtesy of Mercer, who seems excited to soundtrack his blustery voice with cacophony while letting his capable bandmates handle the tuneful stuff."
Uncut,74,"As relatively bare bones as some of these arrangements are, the songs are as kinetic as one might hope for from such dynamic songwriters. They just wouldnt sound as rich had they been fleshed out by any other set of players. Still, the album's middle stretch sags quite a bit in comparison."
Q Magazine,70,"Listeners who have managed to remain immune to the trio's idiosyncratic brand of 'thespian rock' will no doubt find much of Enemy Mine unlistenable. That said, fans of manic melodies, bohemian pageantry, and synapse melting lyricism have no greater modern champions than Bejar, Krug, and Mercer."
AllMusic,70,"This still isnt for everyone, but its sounding less like a side-project, and more like a super-group."
No Ripcord,70,"The distinctiveness of these three weirdos and their democratic approach gives this unexpecedly harrowing album a remarkable cohesion."
Pitchfork,70,"As well crafted and fascinatingly acute as Enemy Mine is, it lives in an alternate reality: a place where too much need be forgotten in order to grant Enemy Mine what it would otherwise deserve."
Paste Magazine,70,"That the groups second effort, Enemy Mine, is able to accommodate all three distinct voices in only nine tracks is even more remarkable. But that Enemy Mine is a firm step sideways is less so."
Slant Magazine,70,"Album closer 'Warlock Psychologist' is a glorious mess of distorted keyboard and poetic non sequiturs that less dedicated bands would probably have left off the record. But not Swan Lake, whose perverse commitment to farty art-rock is to be respected, perhaps even embraced."
Rolling Stone,69,"Enemy Mine is altogether more defined in its varying forms, food groups falling out a cornucopia rather than coming together like the stew that bubbled in the 'Beast Moans' cauldron."
NOW Magazine,60,"The record will prove inaccessible for those seeking a retread of the members more famous projects but works when approached on its own terms."
Mojo,60,"Every song offers something different, which holds your attention. [Apr 2009, p.101]"
AllMusic,60,"Essentially, Enemy Mine is a showcase for the talent of the three artists involved. But it lacks the conviction of Frog Eyes. It lacks the focus of Sunset Rubdown."
PopMatters,53,"There are moments when the synths, pianos and strings coalesce to form something resembling the urgency and poignance Swan Lake is capable of, but these spare highlights are only barely worth looking for."
Alternative Press,50,"The actual music on this album is excellent--the sort of Canadian indie beloved of people who live in cities yet dress like the Unabomber....A hole is kicked in the side of it by Carey Mercers berserk singing however."
Dusted Magazine,50,"It feels kind of like these three, and this group of songs, would have been just as effective apart. [Spring 2009, p.74]"

Uncut,100,"It's quite arguable that this lean, muscular remix is a marked improvement on the original mix, as it's easier to focus on both the songs and group's interplay."
Prefix Magazine,100,"His new take scythes through the original, revealing growls and guitars long obscuredsometimes its distracting, but often it lends the songs a newfound jolt."
Drowned In Sound,100,"There is much, meanwhile, to recommend the OBrien remix, or deconstruction as he puts it. What OBrien has mostly done is strip away the more ornate layers of the Palmer mix and cutting back on the albums moments of more florid melodrama."
The A.V. Club,80,"Ten is a classic of the grunge era, its super-sized anthems and introspective pieces powered by Eddie Vedder, a Jim Morrision for the plaid shirt brigade. [Apr 2009, p.116]"
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"It's no surprise they've held up so well after all these years. But it's the extra features, spread over four different editions that truly impress. [Apr 2009, p.114]"
Pitchfork,80,"Producer Brendan O'Brien kicks up classics like 'Even Flow' and 'Black' by putting Vedder more upfront and toning down the reverb so listeners can better hear the interplay of guitarists Mike McCready and Stone Gossard. Disc two tacks on six more tracks that represent the real gold for diehards who have traded sludgy bootlegs of the band's early jams for years."
Dusted Magazine,80,"All that said, this is an exercise for die-hards and audiophiles: To PJ's credit, the original didn't leave much room for improvement."
PopMatters,70,"Ten is just Ten, and I guess for all their reservations, the band have come to accept that: theres no mystery to the new cover, just Pearl Jam in plain view, big shorts and all."
Prefix Magazine,67,"Ten deserved better than Ten Redux and the paltry bonus tracks. Fortunately, the reissue also includes a DVD of Pearl Jam's 1992 performance on 'MTV Unplugged'."
Pitchfork,67,"While megaproducer Brendan O'Brien sharpens the overall sound, especially the guitar interplay between Stone Gossard and Mike McCready, he does so by removing the grit that helped define Pearl Jam."
musicOMH.com,60,"The remix supposedly reflects how the band always wanted the album to sound, but its hard to tell what OBrien did. Its definitely cleaner, louder and more polished, but not dramatically different."
Under The Radar,40,"The songs on Ten actually sound shockingly more insufferable this far out of their original grunge context. [Winter 2009, p.97]"

The A.V. Club,80,"I Blame You is mean, raw and instrumentally tight, with splashes of surf and punk. Froberg and Habibions twangy guitars effectively interweave in highlights 'Fake Kinkade' and 'Pine On.'"
Rolling Stone,80,"Obits create the same buzz in your brain that was almost certainly present the first time you heard The Hives or The Vines, the feeling which had you so giddy that you perfected excitement wees to rival a puppy (probably). This time, though, its not bratty whipper-snappers but a fine veteran taking the lead."
Filter,80,"I Blame You is where they make good on that promise, delivering a record as electrifying as their live show. [May 2009, p.122]"
AllMusic,80,"So that's Obits: rapid tunes, powerhouse performances, great album. [May 2009, p.104]"
PopMatters,75,"While the first evil licks of the opener 'Widow Of My Dreams' and 'Pine On' take off with a familiar pace, much of I Blame You feels like a natural--and much more varied--downshift."
Los Angeles Times,70,"So the Obits might just have the stuff to save rock & roll, or at least keep it off life support for a while, but as good as I Blame You may be, they're going to have to get their songwriting chops in order before they can really finish the job."
Drowned In Sound,70,"More bands should, logically, sound like this. Its a wonder that no one wrote the song 'Pine On' before now, as incredibly basic and memorable as it is. That said, Obits fall short of Frobergs Hot Snakes."
Q Magazine,70,"Its a thoroughly digestible record, then, freed from the downstroke neuroses that basically defined Hot Snakes or the labyrinthine catharsiscore mounted and milked by Jehu."
Uncut,70,"The debut album by Obits, is full of such music, garage-punk bursts that sound like the songs are disrobing, showing off their bones."
Mojo,63,"It's great that the band can slow down and still hold attention, and one hopes Obits will dig deeper and find new thrills in old traditions in the coming years."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Most of the songs are well constructed and do not outstay their welcome, though a few do not make the grade."
musicOMH.com,60,"So while it may not be the revelation that Hot Snakes was after Drive Like Jehu, Obits still has plenty of life to it, and enough twists in Rick Frobergs sound to keep things interesting."
Paste Magazine,60,"It's bold and gimmick-free--proof there's no shame in covering old ground. [May 2009, p.116]"
Hot Press,60,"The result is a record not in step with any particular fashion, but, on songs like 'Talking To The Dog,' you get choppy and catchy with rare raw-knuckle skill. [May 2009, p.92]"
The Guardian,50,"Most of these songs, while energetically played, have a disposable quality that the band's enthusiasm can't overcome. [Spring 2009, p.77]"

New Musical Express (NME),100,"Jay has stepped through the mirror to the other side to bring us Slow Dance, and he has triumphed like the best pop idols, engaging our imagination while being simultaneously cool and strange, tender and tough, arty and poppy, traditional and innovative."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"The recording perfectly reflects the aesthetic of the world Jay has imagined, and both Calvin Johnson and Bob Schwenkler deserve praise for accurately materializing Slow Dances wintry, yet robust landscape."
Los Angeles Times,77,"It's the most weirdly mesmerizing in a series of promising single, EP, and full-length releases that includes last year's shadowy, cinematic heart-tugger 'A Place Where We Could Go.'"
The Guardian,70,"Not every moment on Slow Dance is this transporting, but it still has its share of fascinating moments."
BBC Music,70,"Slow Dance is a winning collection of songs, calling to mind Stephin Merritt minus about 20 recording tracks or Sparks in a reflective groove."
Uncut,70,"His quietly unsettling aura perfectly suits these childlike love songs."
Mojo,65,"Listening to his simple melodies, uncomplicated structures and often disinterested vocals, the cool with which Jay approaches Slow Dance is unmistakable, and it is largely the single element that carries the album."
AllMusic,60,"The L.A./Paris musician has a voice reminiscent of Owen Palletts and tends toward cutesy (see aforementioned Gallop). But these cloying idiosyncrasies are stirring on darker songs like Canter Canter and the title track."
Q Magazine,40,"It's a fine line between mesmerizing and droning, and, on Slow Dance, Jeremy Jay has unfortunately tip-toed across it. [Spring 2009, p.72]"
PopMatters,30,"The effect this record has, with its remedial drumming, crappy store-bought synth presets and faux-sensitive, third-form lyrics, is as pleasant as unnecessary eye surgery."

Sputnikmusic,80,"The duo's engaging, self-titled debut isn't quite as easy to parse as their moniker. [May 2009, p.123]"
AllMusic,70,"Songs whir and whoosh under the production of Michael Patterson (Beck, Ladytron), as thumping kicks, snares, and fuzz basslines keep the dream pop in time."
Slant Magazine,70,"This is a pleasant album and should be enjoyed for its ethereal and danceable contents."
Alternative Press,67,"Scalpelist's looped beats propel the songs with trip-hop force, anchored by Fink's monochromatic melancholy."
AllMusic,64,"Always the intrepid mind, Fink has found a promising partner in LeMoyne to bring out her weirder side, and once they do away with a few lingering old habits, the duo could prove an artistic pinnacle for both parties."
Uncut,40,"As with most Fink efforts, the thrills are eclipsed by misfires. [Spring 2009, p.72]"

Dusted Magazine,100,"This reissue on luxuriously hefty vinyl is the first time the album's been released in the U.S.--a superb opportunity to hear a record that's been occasionally imitated but never matched."
Pitchfork,100,"The albums remarkable 28 minutes still push boundaries, not just buttons."
PopMatters,100,"Frequently labeled as a lecherous rogue or public provocateur, Gainsbourg is also one of the most important artists of the 20th century, and this masterpiece is the proof."
Paste Magazine,100,"This is genre-defying music, but anyone with an interest in hearing a blueprint for trip hop or a master class in the depiction of desire in pop music, should be sure to listen to this mysterious, timeless, contradictory album."
Mojo,91,"Andy Votels encyclopedic liner notes and a Gainsbourg interview make this version the definitive reissue for the as-yet unsullied."
Billboard.com,90,"As a concept album, listeners will need to forgo Gainsbourg's typical mixed bag of song structures within an album in favor of more similar songs threaded with recurring musical motifs. [Spring 2009, p.80]"
Boston Globe,80,"Lush and languorous, velvet-robe decadent and soft-focus steamy, Histoire is a make-out record and a gross-out record."
Q Magazine,80,"It's blend of whispered poesy, free-form rock, and orchestration, by Jean Claude Vannier, is much celebrated and sampled. this reissue provides a definitive account of its making. [May 2009, p.86]"
Uncut,78,"Gainsbourg's whispered nothings are mystery no more, translated here alongside the French lyrics. While there are no bonus tracks, the accompanying booklet features extensive essays from music writer Andy Beta and electronic musician Andy Votel."

AllMusic,90,"This is, undoubtedly, one of the most beautiful records of this year, and its very indistinctness forces you to go back to it over and over."
The Guardian,80,"Accessible and elusive at the same time, The Floodlight Collective is an addictive debut."
Q Magazine,80,"It's the kind of cohesive 'album' album that's hard to find these days. [Spring 2009, p.72]"
Hot Press,80,"Its one of the best late-night albums of the year so far, and deserves to be remembered in the best of 2009 polls."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Dont dismiss The Floodlight Collective for the outstanding introduction to Lotus Plaza it is, because in reality, it is a winning release in more ways than one."
The Guardian,77,"The Floodlight Collective exudes something astonishing and rare, particularly for a record on the fringes of indie rock, scoping into abstraction. It is, more than anything else, sincere."
Dot Music,70,"While The Floodlight Collective offers a great set of songs, Id still like to see Pundt deliver a more idiosyncratic album through which we can truly hear him expose himself."
musicOMH.com,68,"So The Floodlight Collective is a mostly elegant listen, and one whose failings are part of its theme: Like a vague recollection, it's still a little hard to hold onto after it's over-- pretty albeit somewhat ephemeral."
PopMatters,65,"Part of what makes it so distinctive is also what ultimately frustrates. The songs bleed into one another until the reverb-drenched vocals and phantasmic spirals of sound become heavy-handed, almost overwhelming."
Rock Sound,60,"Although Pundt demonstrates an interest in styles beyond the common denominator of ethereal pop, as on the doo-wop-inflected 'Quicksand,' the albums strongest moments are those that exploit the similarities."
Billboard.com,60,"The results is something scrappier, but loveable than Deerhunter's billowing drone. Less sonic cathedrals, more tripping at chapel. [Apr 2009, p.91]"
AllMusic,50,"Despite the similarities, theres actually a few brief moments in The Floodlight Collective where Pundt one-ups the band he derivates from, but theres unfortunately as many that are boring enough to negate any previous triumph."

Alternative Press,90,"If Hymn to the Immortal Wind does anything, it establishes Monos place among post rocks top dogs, and for this reviewer, easily gives them the title. Everyone else is just generic or something."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),82,"Its like listening to a strong feeling that yearns to be vented, but instead is left inside its confining limits, echoing on itself."
Hot Press,80,"Its the sound of epic detail in exquisite registration, and Albini perfectly vivifies Monos Technicolor wall of sound."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Hymn feels like the imaginary soundtrack to the film inside your head and is an outstanding work of epic beauty."
musicOMH.com,80,"'Majestic' is a word often used to describe Mono, and this record, the band's fifth, will not challenge us to avoid using it."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Hymn's soft-loud spectrum stretches uncommonly far, yielding rare rewards at each end. [May 2009, p.114]"
The Guardian,70,"Those listeners in the middle may find that without anything making it stand out from the bulk of what were calling post-rock, Hymns to the Immortal Wind registers as another solid entry in a genre so consistent that merely solid entries arent enough to gain your love as well as your respect."
Uncut,70,"Hymn to the Immortal Wind has probably caused floods of tears. That's a description, not a dis. The melodies are more sure-handed than ever. They are like missiles locked onto emotional buttons. More independence in the guitars helps sharpen this aim."
Mojo,50,"Opener 'Ashes in the Snow' and 'The Battle to Heaven' invoke the CinemaScope bombast of Ennio Morricone, but even their added orchestral heft barely nudges Mono out of a windy, instrumental morass."
New Musical Express (NME),20,"Bloated with too much self-absorption, Japan's Mono have lost sight of their original intent. [Spring 2009, p.77]"

Q Magazine,80,"Technicolor Health is as bright and vital as the title implies."
PopMatters,80,"In reality, Technicolor Health is a remarkably eclectic, dynamic album even in its use of rather obvious launching points."
AllMusic,80,"Technicolor Health amply delivers on the promis of their 2007 EP, 'Burning Birthdays.' [Apr 2009, p.86]"
Prefix Magazine,77,"So in comes an album with zero individuality, zero originality, zero workaroundability...and its really good. How good this thing can get is sort of terrifying considering how bad this material might sound in the hands of other bands."
Austin Chronicle,70,"'This will be a better year,' sing the Shakes on 'Strictly Game.' If based purely on the imagination shown in this innovative album, it will be."
Pitchfork,70,"Scored with ramshackle grandeur by scribbly guitars, fat horns, poignant keyboards and ragtag sing-alongs, Benaims lyrics narrate the anxieties and optimisms of New York Citys young, educated and underemployed."
The New York Times,60,"Maybe the record could have been improved by splitting up the opening duo of songs, maybe a less fussy production job could have done the trick."
Under The Radar,60,"Harlem Shakes are in their early days and still sound like they are trying a little too hard; its an absolutely excusable quality in a young band, if not always endearing. Harlem Shakes have plenty to be proud of; theyve also got even more to prove the next time around."
Filter,60,"There is much potential here, and once you get past all of the sound-like gestures, the band's abilities can shine through. [Spring 2009, p.71]"
Dot Music,50,"Fortunately, even if the band's lack of cynicism often veers to the opposite extreme, the Harlem Shakes' handshake-and-smile approach is hard to outright dislike."

Drowned In Sound,70,"Metamorphosis, which follows 2006's commercially stillborn 'The Paramour Sessions,' is the most polished and wide-ranging of Papa Roach's six releases."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"Metamorphosis has a dire determination to its purported good times, its riffs grinding instead of greasy, its rhythms clenched where they should be loose."
The A.V. Club,40,"Theres nowt nu about this nu metal."
PopMatters,40,"The problem is that Papa Roach don't rise far enough above the radio-rocking competition--it's hard to remember the band's identity at this point."
Delusions of Adequacy,36,"With one bright, surprising exception, the songs here either make a terrible impression or they make none at all."

Drowned In Sound,80,"The surprise is how good those tunes are, from urgent opener 'You're in It' to the terrific, breakneck 'That's the Reason.'"
musicOMH.com,80,"The bands decampment to Berlin to record has resulted in a concise statement of renewed interest, resulting in a debate between life expectancy and boredom, and a brief mutation into Roxy Music."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"Klang has a clarity of purpose, its songs structured with military precision."
Sputnikmusic,70,"Despite the brevity, or because of it, Klang's bite-size songs do the job. No room for self-musing, these 10 tracks get straight to the point."
The Guardian,61,"It's a shame the Rakes stopped just as they were starting to sound fun again, but if they had to end it while they still had that last spark of fun left, it's a better decision than most successful bands can bring themselves to make."
Q Magazine,60,"It would be unfair to dismiss the record completely, however, as there are definite highlights."
Under The Radar,60,"Their third album is another bony bundle of modern neuroses. [Apr 2009, p.108]"
AllMusic,60,"Klang is a step in the right direction. [May 2009, p.69]"
Spin,60,"While none of the hooks on Klang prove sharp enough to catch on the first spin, enough usually happens that inclined listeners will be content to explore the tangents and detours packed into each of these three-minute slices of danceable post-punk until they do."
Slant Magazine,60,"The group's final album (they broke up in October) still punches like a champ, with sharp bursts of intelligent energy."
The Boston Phoenix,50,"It's all surface no feeling."
Pitchfork,20,"Shallow and unfunny third album from london boys"

Dot Music,80,"It's that all-too-rare example of a band combining myriad shared influences (early Blur, Radiohead, Suede... The Faint?) into something that seems to exist only in its own brilliant context, regardless of trends or cultural norms."
Rolling Stone,80,"Their debut is never a dull listen, and boasts enough creativity and considered intelligence about it to set Grammatics apart from their indie contemporaries who are young pretenders by comparison."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Once upon a time it seemed like Grammatics had too many ideas, they couldnt quite decide who they wanted to be. In the end, they just decided to be themselves, and the result frequently approaches bona fide genius."
Mojo,80,"Youll sit back, listen and admire but you might not truly connect. But this neednt detract from the realisation that it is beautiful, superbly conceived and executed with as much yearning, creativity and meticulousness as technical finesse."
Uncut,80,"The blend of Owen Brinley's choirboy vocals and a raft of prog-tinged riffs is a source of promise, magic and drama. [Mar 2009, p.87]"
No Ripcord,40,"While skillfully executed--some songs, notably 'Murderer,' definitely have legs--the whole never rises far above a clever exercise in technique. [Apr 2009, p.105]"

Filter,80,"For all its glum pronouncements of murder, mortality and loss, its an ecstatic listen, ponderous party music."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"This could have all ended in Tears For Fears, but their winning seriousness is matched by a penchant for a grandiose but hummable melody. [Feb 2009, p.119]"
AllMusic,70,"On the whole, To Lose My Life is a solid debut that will certainly divide opinion, but approach with an open mind and dividends will be reaped en masse."
musicOMH.com,70,"There's a slickness to the sound as well-not to mention a pop sensibility, which could combine to give the band a shot in the Anglophobic US market. [May 2009, p.122]"
The Guardian,60,"It's not quite bad enough to be dubbed an honest failure, but it's flaws are too debilitating for me to recommend blowing a tenner on a copy."
Uncut,60,"Still mourning the loss of The Bravery? Look no further. [Feb 2009, p.85]"
Under The Radar,60,"White Lies naivety is emphatically brokered by their songs ability to rouse and inspire. [Feb 2009, p.109]"
The New York Times,60,"While that darkness gives the album its semblance of originality, it may prove incompatible with the group's mass-market ambitions."
Mojo,60,"To Lose My Life is satisfying and consisitent throughout, even if White Lies treads daringly close to one-trick-pony territory. [Spring 2009, p.75]"
Drowned In Sound,50,"Their debut begins with a rousing arena-rock anthem called 'Death' and then delivers detached variations on the same subject for the next nine tracks with a professionalism that's simultaneously compelling and creepy."
Slant Magazine,50,"On their debut, this trio of fashionably dour West London lads crafts wildly overwrought goth-pop weepers with choruses that would make excellent Robert Smith High School yearbook inscriptions."
Pitchfork,50,"White Lies' polished synth rock effuses more melodrama than any young group should be allotted."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"The feeling remains though that their broad emotional strokes will have to concede something to intimacy and solitude to ever really win hearts."
The A.V. Club,40,"The results are oddly compelling, if only for the ridiculous way in which their lyrics handle fear, death and despair."
Drowned In Sound,40,"If you liked the new Oasis and U2 records, never bought 'Turn on the Bright Lights,' and tend to ignore clumsy lyrics, you might enjoy raising your beer to this album just fine."
musicOMH.com,40,"Songs like 'Death' and 'Nothing To Give' are strident due to big production and well-placed hooks. But commercially geared goth is so much more hideous than the real thing because it wants to be palatable and accepted."
Pitchfork,20,"To Lose My Life is an album made to a predefined plan with skill and no heart."

Urb,92,"The mood is undeniably American, and Bonnie (or Oldham) seems incomprehensibly at peace with his hallmark solitude. [Winter 2009, p.91]"
Lost At Sea,90,"This is pure non-homogenised, heart-on-sleeve, downright meaningful music, the sort of thing The Wombats cry themselves to sleep over on a nightly basis. For that alone its worth a tenner of anybodys money."
Paste Magazine,88,"Beware emulates and elaborates on the familiar, and Oldham's strengths as a songwriter and bandleader shape the album into something beautiful."
New Musical Express (NME),83,"The new Bonnie Billy record, Beware, is fuller in every sense of the word, from the choir of background singers answering Oldham on the opening track ('Beware Your Only Friend') to the way Oldham stops that song cold for a muted interlude."
The Guardian,83,"His songs float along like dust in the afternoon sun, less driven to move forward than just to be."
Tiny Mix Tapes,81,"Beware may be the best country-rock album David Allan Coe never got around to making himself."
Slant Magazine,80,"Beware is one of the more playful entries in the Bonnie 'Prince' Billy canon. It's also one of his fullest sounding records."
Dot Music,80,"Beware is supremely sequenced, and is possibly Oldham's finest album yet."
AllMusic,80,"If the mans curious oeuvre hasnt already provided reason enough to pay attention, its doubtful Beware will convert anyone to the fold. But for those already attuned to Oldhams songcraft, Beware is a rich and fulfilling work from a man who seems to have a paranormal grasp on human nature, with all the sensuality, God-fearing, tummy-rubbing and head-scratching that implies."
Mojo,80,"The record rarely seems overcrowded; it confidently puts everyone to selective use. Beware, generally excellent if occasionally meandering, has an outer color and an inner truth; its never what it seems."
Q Magazine,80,"Beware is a body record,, a playful and intimate piece that lyrically and melodically invites you in, where his remote personae have occasionally served to push one away. [Apr 2009, p.80]"
Uncut,80,"With the help of an expert new backing band, Oldham wrings a polished grace out of this material, from ballads ('I Don't Belong to Anyone') to smoldering anthems ('Afraid Ain't Me')."
Filter,80,"Beware is a 40-odd minute work that ebbs, flows and carries you along perfectly."
PopMatters,80,"Some will long for Oldhams minimalist era, but Beware is still an engaging record from one of the indie worlds best songwriters."
Under The Radar,80,"Dark things stir beneath the surface as alt.country figurehead Bonnie Prince Billy releases umpteenth solo record."
No Ripcord,80,"It is simply beautiful. [May 2009, p.96]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"The enigmatic nature of his music aside, Oldham invariably sounds like he's having fun making it, which makes Beware a warning only to those who place too high a value on simplistic clarity."
Tiny Mix Tapes,79,"The resultant songs have a familiarity that aims them toward the back of your brain but an internal energy that prods them into prominence with repeated listens."
Urb,78,"Beware is exactly the album to be expected from Oldham, now, as he begins to investigate the limelight, as he trots out his friendships with gothic southern troubadours (Jim White), say, or free jazz northerners (Rob Mazurek and Nicole Mitchell), wondering whether to scamper back to the stern nobody-ness Drag City allows him or push on expanding his solipsistic world."
Lost At Sea,75,"This clash of the sincere and the facetious that makes Beware such a disconcerting album."
Paste Magazine,70,"Oldham remains mostly untroubled on Beware, accompanied by an array of instruments--marimba, cornet, banjo, and flute swirl around placid country-tinged ruminations."
Filter,70,"Oldham continues to reinvent his landscape as a relevant artist with each attempt, and Beware tests his ability to weave different instruments into the fabric of an Americana record without breaking the mold entirely."
Pitchfork,70,"Oldham's brand of folk music is certainly old enough and weird enough, but there are noticeably fewer moments of beauty and fewer lyrical revelations than on his best material."
AllMusic,60,"Beware is sloppy in a back porch way. Which can be very appealing, but there's something missing here. [Winter 2009, p.70]"
The Guardian,60,"The bleaker sounds on this album suit Oldham better, with 'Heart's Arms'' sad, ghostly drone showing how less can say more."
Slant Magazine,60,"Ultimately Bewares designation as a 'big' record feels arbitrary--it is polished and competent, but at the same time disappointingly bland."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Beware displays enough of Oldham's lyrical and musical guile to ensure that if Beware does become wallpaer, it's lead-laced anaglypa. [Apr 2009, p.100]"
Sputnikmusic,50,"Ultimately, its the combination of thwarted ambition and lack of proper recognition, which is apparent, that prevents Beware from ever fully taking flight as a listening experience."
Under The Radar,50,"While this means that all is not lost (or perhaps more accurately, saved), it does leave the listener with a sense that he's not sure whether he wants to embrace a new direction or not, resulting in an album that is somewhat disjointed and ultimately unfulfilling."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"An obvious problem of the arrangements is that 'big' often means cluttered, and most of the songs feel like they should have finished a verse and a chorus sooner."
Delusions of Adequacy,40,"Beware only sounds like loose, organic country, when really it proves just another contrived piece to the Bonnie Prince Billy brand."
cokemachineglow,40,"The unspecific lyrics are flatly whined in the manner of a depressed old codger falling asleep. Tempos stay sluggish and melodies meander, often parodying bygone rural music  funeral hymn here, waltz there."

Dot Music,100,"Wavvves is about as simple as its authors pedigree, but wildly more intriguing."
Dusted Magazine,82,"If they ultimately self-destruct as they appear to be these days, their legacy is hopefully remembered for self-produced fuzz-rock and sloppy onstage antics. More importantly, hopefully they're remembered."
Mojo,81,"There's thrilling evidence of compelling, thoughtful craftsmanship."
Q Magazine,80,"The result: an album exuding wall-punching energy, ugly noise, and raging nostalgia for stale bong water and sunburn."
The A.V. Club,80,"This is already one of the most talked-about independent releases of 2009, and rightfully so. [Spring 2009, p.75]"
Prefix Magazine,80,"The next obstacle for Wavves will be deciding whether to ditch the bedroom and work in an actual studio, but for now these lo-fi pop gems are more than enough to be getting on with."
musicOMH.com,80,"The incredibly lo-fi production is sweetened by Williams's knack for knocking out gloriously dumb 60s pop melodies."
PopMatters,80,"Damned meets JAMC with a snifter of So-Cal pyscho-country-surf--on a series of hip, heady, lo-fi tunes, a large number of which seems to have the word 'goth' in the title. [Aug 2009, p.95]"
Alternative Press,73,"Just like real fireworks, there's a 'gather 'round' quality to this spectacle, but don't forget some earplugs."
Rolling Stone,73,"The second album has the more obvious and combustible singles. But theres nothing on the second album that comes close to the 1-2-3 punch of 'California Goth,' 'Wavves,' and 'Lover.'"
Uncut,70,"Though a solid and promising outing, Wavves isnt a revelatory record. It fits nicely into the 'scene,' however vague that semblance is these days."
Filter,70,"A few tracks here sound less like fully developed songs and more like a college-age kid tinkering with a four-track, but overall, Williams hits more than he misses."
Billboard.com,70,"The music itself is relentlessly blanched in fuzz, an intentionally scuzzy sound that, despite the borderline annoying atmosphere, does less to limit these songs than grant them a claustrophobically dense beauty."
musicOMH.com,70,"There are plenty of songs here you wont want to listen to more than once, but plenty thatll also lodge in your skull like fragments of glass from a smashed Coke bottle."
Pitchfork,70,"Wavvves does tend to tail off down repetition high street towards the end, but all in all, even where the experimental interlude segments of 'Goth Girls' and 'Killr Punx, Scary Demons' knit the record together like butterfly clips around a gaping wound, there's enough here to suggest Nathan Williams has the potential to become a very special talent indeed in the none too distant future."
AllMusic,63,"His melodies, whether delivered in an affected falsetto (closer to Animal Collective than the Beach Boys) or a grumpy baritone, are simple and hummable to a fault--without the energy of the distorted cassette recording, I have a feeling the songs would be a bit too cloying."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Theres an energy coursing through this, and records like this, that is undeniable....But theres also your standard fare. Several of the songs sound the same. There are a couple of atmospheric tunes that add no atmosphere."
Spin,60,"The battle between noise and melody veers from scary to hilarious to heroic, and as a metaphor for trying to feel good in trying times, it may hit you close to home."
Boston Globe,60,"His ability to pump out the music is admirable, now he just needs a filter to sift the crap from the gold. If he hones in on his vision, there's spectacular potential. Until then, we'll have to take the bad with the good or self-compile a 'greatest-hits of Wavves 2008/2009' mix tape."
Paste Magazine,60,"Theres mountains of potential here, but the initial hype was premature. If he keeps it together long enough for a second album, Williams may deliver on the promise of greatness."
The Guardian,60,"Low on polish but high on anything-goes exuberence, in Wavves-world The Beach Boys rub shoulders with Half Japanese, The Shaggs with Guided By Voices and Pavement with JFA, all held together with sneaker laces and stickers to create a bedroom-wall collage as scruffy as it is irresistible. [Aug 2009, p.96]"
Drowned In Sound,50,"I dont think theres any doubt Wavvves consistently delivers wonderful ideas, and those keeping a close watch on the West Coast underground will have to continue to include this kid in their daily musings until he actually provides material worth the blog-storm."
NOW Magazine,40,"Williams might have something here, but his GarageBand tinkering will only take him so far. Wavvves is a small-dose fix; as a whole, teeth grind."
PopMatters,20,"There's a sense that he's trying to pass off a lack of ability as some kind of artistic statement. [Aug 2009, p.113]"

Mojo,80,"The combination of old-school melody and post-mod dissonance is risky, bold, and one of the most exciting releases of the year so far."
Uncut,80,"God is an album perfect for daytime iPod consumption--and suitable for keeping the party bumping well after midnight. [Apr 2009, p.142]"
Under The Radar,80,"Peppered with hip-hop connections (E-40, Ghostface Killah, Freeway), equally informed by raw Chicago house and the riff-worshipping of Jesses previous (DFA 1979), and finally free of the omnipresent vocoder, its near-essential stuff."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"John Legend phones it in somewhat, and Ghostface Killah makes little sense, but the brain-pummelling tecno that punctuates the latter's profane offerings certainly makes the best of it. [Jul 2009, p.106]"
Q Magazine,70,"All in all, passably decent party music, but lacking in the divine touch its title might imply."
PopMatters,60,"Fist isn't quite a God punch, but it hits with legit impact."
AllMusic,60,"Fist delivers a gut punch of awesomely distorted synths and raw, kicks-and-snares percussion....But maintaining a fist-pumping pace can be exhausting."
Slant Magazine,60,"Despite any pretensions otherwise, their second album sounds a lot like the Day-Glo disco and retro house being pushed by every other hip indie-dance act right now."
Spin,60,"Not a mind-blowing work of art, but expect at least a few more singles to blow up over the next few months."
Q Magazine,60,"Fist of God is very much in step with all the party rage of every other club track album thats been released in the last year or so--and thats exactly its problem."
Prefix Magazine,60,"In a way, this is representative of the album--it's got all the right moves in place, but MSTRKRFT's handle on content is still slightly lagging behind their facility for tone and form."
Paste Magazine,60,"Dust off your dancing shoes. [Spring 2009, p.79]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Their second album is a guest-packed party record built from monster beats, churning synths and power chords, and if there's nothing here that Daft Punk haven't done before, it wins points for sheer muscular euphoria."
PopMatters,60,"Overall this is splendid nonsense. [Jul 2009, p.128]"
Dusted Magazine,50,"MSTRKRFT keep things bouncing, but they never match Daft Punk or Justice on the hook or cleverness quotient."
Delusions of Adequacy,50,"Fist of God is surprisingly decent if you can manage to divorce it from its lame context."
Hot Press,50,"'Heartbreaker' is a great song--musical, dance-y, poppy, and interesting--that puts the other artists-in-residence to shame. All the rest is jogging music."
Mojo,48,"Listening to this record, made me feel like the Andy Rooney of dance/electronic music. [Winter 2009, p.92]"
Filter,40,"All the charm and fun to be found of 'Looks' ends up being pulverized by this bland ambition, and Fist of God ends up being just a loud, inspiration-free, truly disappointing dance album that fails to capture ears or move feet."
Prefix Magazine,40,"MSTRKRFT make a racket that's impressive at first but eventually the echoes of it return to bite them."
Pitchfork,34,"Its all so cold and empty and irritating."
Drowned In Sound,30,"In a genre filled with faceless artists, MSTRKRFT only manage to stand out by being exceptionally faceless."

Slant Magazine,100,"On her latest full-length collection, Marianne Faithfull, the queen of torch songs for the damaged soul, reteams with producer Hal Willner for another beautifully haunting tour of a landscape littered with the detritus of shredded hearts."
AllMusic,88,"The rest of this satisfying album is a classic Hal Willner production, complete with the unusual cover choices (Decemberists, Espers, very late Eno) and the usual Willner Family Players (Nick Cave, Antony Hegarty, Rufus Wainwright, Marc Ribot) in back-up duties."
musicOMH.com,80,"For most of its lengthy running time, though, Easy Come, Easy Go is terrific."
The A.V. Club,80,"Marianne Faithfull confirms her status as matriarch on this brilliantly programmed covers set."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Her lived in voice adds new nuance to material as diverse as the traditional Kimbie and Morrissey's 'Dear God Please Help Me.' [Feb 2009, p.113]"
Under The Radar,80,"Its an extravagantly orchestrated set, but with Marc Ribot as lead guitarist and the Dirty Threes Jim White on drums, the playing remains off-kilter, to quite thrilling effect."
Boston Globe,80,"This new recording is richer and more daring in its arrangements and choice of material."
NOW Magazine,80,"Grand old dame delivers stunning Hal Willner-produced extravaganza."
Q Magazine,75,"There is no guiding conceit to Easy Come Easy Go, no criteria that connects all of Faithfull's sources, which frees her up considerably to find the hidden passages between these disparate songs."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"If you are patient, there is more than enough here to hold your attention and take you on journeys through love, lust, tragedy, and longing and bring you home again."
Uncut,70,"An album as engrossing as it is sometimes unsettling."
Boston Globe,70,"It's a lush, elegant, tear-stained record. [Spring 2009, p.71]"
New Musical Express (NME),67,"Her interpretations of songbook classics from the likes of Dolly Parton, Merle Haggard, and Smokey Robinson (as well as a few relative youngsters, including Neko Case and the Decemberists) are gratifyingly intimate and rough-hewn, and the production is gorgeous--even if it does, as its title implies, fail to leave a lasting impact."
Hot Press,67,"Faithfull's voice is too witchy for some selections--that limited vocal range is the album's downside--but she nonetheless delivers indie standards with timeless emotion, poise, and grace."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Its gravelly tones are certainly no thing of beauty, but when married to the right song Faithfull can still emote, still deliver. There's plenty of plain wrong material, though."
AllMusic,60,"She lacks the flexibility that jazz demands--she simply can't swing. But when she interprets material (from downbeat bards Randy Newman, Colin Meloy, and others) that matches the drug-ravaged wreckage of her vocal chords, she kills."
Under The Radar,60,"Tthis Hal Willner-produced covers album (a kind of sequel to 1987's Strange Weather) is too baggy and diffuse to hold the attention, but Faithfull's formidable croak can really worm its way under a song's skin."
Alternative Press,60,"Despite her emotional punk-meets-Brecht contralto, Marianne's vocal limitations are clear on tracks like 'Easy Come, Easy Go' or Sondheim's Somewhere (A Place For Us)' which she struggles through with an overawed Jarvis Cocker. But she shines on songs that seem more personal to her. [Apr 2009, p.99]"

Drowned In Sound,91,"Striding forward, Cooper won't let that stop her. She hurts, but her chin scarcely trembles at all."
musicOMH.com,70,"Over skeletal guitar and drums, An Horse balance scruffy musicianship with offbeat melodic beauty as Cooper narrates the day-to-day drama of a flailing relationship."
Pitchfork,70,"With drummer Damon Cox, Cooper turns the band's debut into relationship post-mortem, rehashing a split over fuzzed-out riffs, hummable hooks and snarling beats."
The A.V. Club,70,"Kate Cooper's tales of awkward, broken love and chronic miscommunication don't seem ripe for selling sedans, but her reedy voice and zippy melodic guitar, plus drummer Damon Cox's imperfect harmonies, keep things from getting too depressing."
The Boston Phoenix,67,"More often, though, lyrics fall somewhere in the middle, neither particularly offensive to one's sensibilities nor particularly inspiring. But again, it's how An Horse use their chosen tools that makes the difference."
Rolling Stone,40,"Rearrange Beds, the duos debut full-length, features the five EP tunes plus another five that arent as strong. While not bad in small doses, the disc has a cumulative grating effect if you listen from start to finish."

The Guardian,80,"The tone stays consistently buoyant, and a catchy chorus or a tasty guitar solo is never far away."
Uncut,70,"Weekss latest disc contains a dozen well-crafted, laid-back country tunes."
Dot Music,67,"The Will Sexton-produced My Way travels the Americana road with well-worn style and soft leather panache ('Black Coffee and Lifesavers,' 'That's What I'd Do'), Weeks' distinctive voice sometimes reminiscent of a young Willie Nelson."
Mojo,50,"He's better at style than substance. [Winter 2009, p.79]"

Entertainment Weekly,89,"Confident and composed, the Boys have grown into and perfected these 16 songs."
Spin,80,"So, while their Beach Boys on mescaline tricks won't rewrite the rulebook, for reckless frivolity they'll do just fine."
PopMatters,80,"Sixteen tracks make for a long album, but the set works remarkably, with the Boys excursions into Tex-Mex pop and blues rarely even pushing the three-minute mark."
Slant Magazine,71,"That the Strange Boys never actually blow their tops may prove a liability for garage-rock heads looking for more fierce, swift kicks, especially over the course of a 16-track album that would benefit from a few edits."
Paste Magazine,70,"Scratched up, indifferently tuned, coming in ghostly and pale like AM radio, Strange Boys first full-length has the banked fire of a slow burner."
musicOMH.com,70,"Hailing from Austin, Texas, the Strange Boys toss its hat in the new school of garage rock ring and gives the likes of Black Lips and King Khan and the Shrines a serious run for its money on its impressive debut."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"Here, the band look to the more languid nod of Spaceman 3 instead. [Jul 2009, p.98]"

Delusions of Adequacy,80,"For those raised on dream pop bands and space rock songs, Some Sweet Relief sounds somewhat timeless, a 40-minute offering of neo-psych gospel that's more polished, more promising, and altogether stronger than most of the band's contemporaries."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"While Briedrick produces artful, not too noisy drones through vintage analog gear, Balabanians vocals have a distinctly soulful quality."
Uncut,80,"There is something else weaving through all of this, that other mysterious thing that some great records have, that keeps you going back even while you know that whatever vocabulary you come up with, whatever modifier you hang on the album, will be inadequate."
Mojo,80,"Never straying far thereafter, it all makes for a heavily addictive, comfortably numbing kind of experience. [Jul 2009, p.131]"
AllMusic,70,"Psychedelia with a southern soul lean, its a seriously heady piece of music."
Spin,70,"A bit more variance in tempo, and this would be a remarkable step forward; absent that, it's still a warm and idyllic late-night piece. [Spring 2009, p.73]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,61,"Speck Mountain still have some distance to travel before they fill an album with such moments, so that whenever you hear their music, you think of them first rather than their influences. But this is only their second full-length, and it's a solid step in that direction."
Pitchfork,60,"Speck Mountain might have a great album in them; this one isnt bad. But I hope that some day they get over themselves and really get down."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Develop the creepy incantations into songs and they might really grab some shirtfronts. [Jul 2009, p.107]"
Dusted Magazine,50,"It is a one-trick album and they spunk away their best song, the incantatory Shame On The Soul, right at the start, but the aforementioned trick is, at least, an affecting, and very occasionally gorgeous, one."
PopMatters,50,"Some Sweet Reliefs beauty starts to wear kind of thin on repeated listening."
The A.V. Club,40,"While there are resemblances Spiritualized, what should be a slow burning record, white hot in its intensity, is laid to rest sounding rather limp and uninspired."
Q Magazine,40,"Some Sweet Relief is adrift in a sea of despondency, Balabanian's drawling vocals listless with discontent, the repetitive guitar lines striving for a Spiritualized-style hypnotism, but languishing instead in monotony."

AllMusic,90,"Static Tensions is the fourth album from Savannah, Georgia metal mavens Kylesa and it may well be the best damn album the bands released and one of the finest of 2009, metal or otherwise."
PopMatters,82,"Kylesa's lyrics lean towards the abstract and personal. They avoid grand gestures or obvious themes that allow for easy grasp. This time, though, grasp is almost moot. The band has etched light, dark, sky, and earth so deftly onto wax that it vibrates the very soul."
Pitchfork,80,"Although a more varied use of the two drummers would be appreciated, the overall echoed effect with the cleaner production offers a complete, homogenized sound, which, when consumed en masse, makes for a killer album. [Jun 2009, p.105]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"Along with fellow Georgia natives Mastodon, Kylesa have crafted one of the metal albums to beat this year."
NOW Magazine,80,"This is a dynamic, densely-packaged slab of rock n roll, which not only stands alongside the titans of the genre, but gives Kylesa a name of their own."
Alternative Press,70,"At the end of the day, the best single word for describing Static Tensions is 'unpredictable,' and although this characteristic may demand a few more listens before the album's many amazing qualities can sink in properly, the ultimate payoff is very much worth the effort."
Q Magazine,70,"Throughout, drummers Carl McGinley and Eric Hernandez play tight, tribal beats. The heat subsides at times, but it never breaks."
Mojo,67,"Static Tensions, which, while not as compositionally right-angled as 2006 Prosthetic disc 'Time Will Fuse Its Worth,' liquefies massively ('Perception') and even psychedelically ('Unknown Awareness') into a multiton Teutonic corkscrew."

Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Slipway Fires requires more of your time and duly rewards it. [Dec 2008, p.120]"
Sputnikmusic,60,"It aims at U2, but winds up a ringer for their less-celebrated countrymen."
Alternative Press,60,"If the odd clunker remains ('Hostage Of Love' could be a Meatloaf out-take) Slipway Fires largely sees a return to the introspection of debut album 'Up All Night.'"
AllMusic,60,"Just when you think the album is sinking into mediocrity, Borrell and company respond with two of the best tracks they have ever put their names to."
Dusted Magazine,60,"On 'North London Trash,' 'Burberry Blue Eyes,' 'Hostage Of Love' and the histrionic 'Blood For Wild Blood,' Razorlight have matured beyond bubblegum rock and may yet answer Borrell's prayers for immortality. [Dec 2008, p.100]"
The Guardian,50,"An edgy rock album, reminiscent of Razorlights great debut, had been promised but is nowhere to be heard."
Mojo,50,"Despite the grand aspirations and the faux-profound statements peppered among these 11 tracks, Razorlights third album falls short of anything theyve previously done."
Uncut,50,"Most of the time, the lyrics are vague and unformed, and when they aren't, the band's lyrical details seem too singularly British to translate."
Q Magazine,50,"Enjoying Slipway Fires requires a suspension of disbelief, a conscious separation between the band's past and the somewhat ludicrous present."
Under The Radar,40,"Slipway Fires is preposterous, and in a way I actually wish I liked it more."
PopMatters,40,"In simple terms, then, the third Razorlight album is utter, utter cobblers."
Pitchfork,40,"Too bad the performances are so lamely tossed-off. Borrell's quavering vocals feel showy and shallow, while the quartet's glossy guitar pop could come from any crew of faceless studio hacks."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"Between the two best tracks that bookend the UK quartet's third LP struggles an album slighter than the last, which was already thinner than the first."
Tiny Mix Tapes,30,"The record has some horrific moments, nearly all of them Borrell's."
Prefix Magazine,30,"The rest of the band, a soulless cooperative between Sweden and the U.K., does their best to back him up, issuing rote, lifeless rock tracks that build appropriately to fist-pumping peaks, but it's Borrell's vocals that press this album past mediocrity into embarrassing territory."

Alternative Press,83,"What's more surprising than Scream's R&B bells and whistles (provided by berproducer Timbaland) is that Cornell almost succeeds at that goal without tarnishing his hard-rawkin' legacy."
PopMatters,80,"Though this hook-up frequently pushes at the boundaries of plausibility, there's lots about Scream that makes perfect sense."
AllMusic,70,"This is a startling new direction, and while not entirely successful, it confirms Cornell as a vocalist of versatility and strength."
Drowned In Sound,60,"The new environment rejuvenates Mr. Cornell for good and bad: he sounds shallower than he was before but pithier too."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Scream may be the most compelling train wreck of an album in recent memory."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Scream has balls, Cornell vacating his comfort zone with admirable readiness. [Apr 2009, p.98]"
Pitchfork,50,"Sometimes it's good bizarre. Other times it's bad bizarre."
Austin Chronicle,50,"Produced with a heavy hand by Timbaland, the third solo album from ex-Soundgarden and Audioslave singer Chris Cornell is strangely appealing in its elaborately empty efficiency."
Under The Radar,50,"The resulting dynamic is two distinct flowers from the sound garden that produce an only occasionally sweet-smelling bouquet."
Paste Magazine,42,"The problem with Scream isnt that Cornell is too much of an artist to go pop, its that the fit is so unbecoming."
Austin Chronicle,40,"Their collaboration suggests a nice philosophical dissonance, but only in theory. In practice, Scream is nearly awful."
The A.V. Club,40,"Timbaland, who has sprinkled his hip-hop fairy dust on weaker voices, rinses away Cornell's inherent dirt and power, and compresses the godfather of grunge until he squawks."
AllMusic,40,"There are flickers of funky light on the lush old school soul of Ground Zero and the Motown-esque Other Side Of Town, but for the most part its all depressingly castrated."
Spin,30,"It never seems like a collaboration, it seems like it was assembled by committee, discussed in boardrooms, farmed out to contract players and stitched together on computer."
Under The Radar,30,"What we get when we put the pieces together: an album where every single song is approximately the same length; an album where you could take apart any one track, combine those segments with other stray bits of the album, and still have the same basic entity you started with; an album whose choruses consist of phrases like No, that bitch aint a part of me repeated eight times; an album that, above all else, does not want you to think about it too hard."
Rolling Stone,25,"The idea of Cornell's sex-god wail over Timbaland's mechanized funk is appealing. But Scream draws out the worst tendencies in both of them."
PopMatters,20,"Timbaland rose to the challenge of making Chris Cornell a solo star by producing arguably the worst album hes ever had a hand in."
Pitchfork,0,"Scream veers between drabsleek and rockdude soulful; Cornell's yowl never sounds at home."
AllMusic,0,"The record sounds phoned in, plain and simple, and its awkward concessions to cliche, its trash heap lyrical conceits, and its dopey production have a cumulative effect that would be insulting if it werent so transparently uninspired and uninteresting."

Urb,88,"All I Ever Wanted is a masterful rapprochement with the mainstream, full of cheerfully ear-snagging tunes, inventive production, exhilarating vocals and enough inherent Kelly-ness to put aside fears that her label bosses implanted blond electrodes in her brain to make her behave."
Slant Magazine,83,"She just tries it all, co-writing six of All I Ever Wanted's 14 tracks-- and stumbles only rarely"
Pitchfork,80,"No matter the stage of the romance, it's always DEFCON 1 in Clarkson-ville. And on All I Ever Wanted, out Tuesday, that melodrama translates into a delightfully incongruous good time."
cokemachineglow,80,"Clarkson's always had the best throaty yell in the business. But now she's becoming a masterful interpreter too."
Paste Magazine,80,"On her third album, Clarkson finds a Third Way: She makes nice with the pop machine and takes back the mall while keeping her integrity and personality intact."
Under The Radar,70,"The most immediate parts of All I Ever Wanted read a bit like Kelly Clarkson karaoke: back are the Swedish writers and producers and their laser-guided arrangements, with dynamics that are particularly well suited to her voice, broad, nimble and gale-force strong."
AllMusic,70,"This is a rare talent and while it's not perfect, largely due to those dreary Tedder tunes, much of All I Ever Wanted does justice to Clarkson's considerable skills."
Mojo,70,"All I Ever Wanted, which though always singable swings wildly from bruised to bubblegum, sounds like a team of hired hands writing hits to order. Still, the increased chorus count is welcome and will put a smile back on Clive Davis's face."
Drowned In Sound,63,"I had to make several return trips to the lyric sheet to clear up which songs were love letters and which were screw-yous. But this sort of tone-deaf emotional bludgeoning tends to work in her favor on monstrous power ballads."
Pitchfork,60,"Clarkson's sense of grievance, inflated to gargantuan size by her huge voice, can be wearying over 14 songs, particularly when the music sags."
PopMatters,60,"Taken in isolation and out of the context of the album as a whole--say, on the radio--nearly all of these songs work well enough, despite the production choices that don't always play to Clarkson's strengths and which draw too much attention to themselves."
Uncut,60,"The good songs are great, but the empty bluster on some of the others overshadows the spunky personality that made Clarkson a draw in the first place."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Though All I Ever Wanted is not a classic pop album by any means, its most assuredly a fun one--flaws and all."
Paste Magazine,60,"With no real stand out single, All I Ever Wanted will be a hit with Clarkson die-hards, but is unlikely to influence any Top 40 outsiders."
Filter,60,"While not perfect, her fourth is full of upbeat (and pretty damn good) guitar-driven pop like 'I Do Not Hook Up' and the title track, as well as a few requisite (and equally decent) ballads that make use of her impressive range."
Pitchfork,58,"Now shes working with pro songwriters full-time again, and the result is a likeable but ultimately hackneyed album that presents her as the ber-everygirl."
The A.V. Club,40,"As a product that needs to sell it fits the bill perfectly - there are at least five potential top ten singles here--but as an album, the whole thing feels precision tooled, vacuum-packed and strangely lifeless."

New Musical Express (NME),82,"Together they've embraced more experience and experimentation for captivating results. [Winter 2009, p.100]"
Prefix Magazine,80,"It's a smarmy affair, and there's a compelling interplay between his wild-eyed desperation and her cool, clean sheen of thumps and melodies."
Slant Magazine,80,"Lyrical inscrutability peppered with the occasional waft of clarity has always been a Boeckner trademark, and Face Control continues that."
Spin,80,"Face Control, the new record by Handsome Furs (Alexei Perry and Dan-from-Wolf-Parade), sounds like 'Born in the USA,' if the Boss had allowed a little more evil in the mix, and tried replicating Alan Vegas demented yelps. Yeah, its THAT good..."
Under The Radar,80,"Theres no denying the chemistry between these two; it throbs all over their impressive new disc."
Rolling Stone,80,"Face Control's programmed electronics, in fact, ring deeply human, and Boeckner's tortured vocals express shared experience rather than alienation."
Mojo,80,"Face Control is a small triumph of intoxicating claustrophobia, full of crumbling, poignant melodies spurred along by thecold, unfeeling whip-crack of a cheap drum machine."
Uncut,80,"Theres an emotional heft here that wasnt present before."
PopMatters,70,"It is a step forward for an artist with a wealth of potential and a tremendously moving voice. Should he cease his overzealous grab for stylistic and thematic conventions--or perhaps if he simply learns to cover more ground--theres a good chance Handsome Furs will reach a level of maturity and sophistication at which their current offering merely hints."
Alternative Press,70,"Face Control does have at least a few things in common with a good poem: its a carefully crafted, modest, personal work thats as much about purging the demons and anxieties that have been kicking around in the authors dome as it is about creating something beautiful."
Drowned In Sound,70,"It's just a solid album, and just another example of Boeckner and Perry's tingling creative chemistry."
cokemachineglow,63,"An interesting listen, Face Control has an eerie vibe, as though something beneath the surface is just a bit off."
Sputnikmusic,60,"Theyve just created a good version of a great record, which may have been their intention all along."
Pitchfork,60,"Through all of the missteps along the way, Face Control is a good album that with some more attention and ingenuity could have been so much better."
AllMusic,60,"The albums elements--large scale pop and tightly controlled electro--dont always work together, but they come together on the very last track, 'Radio Kaliningrad.'"
NOW Magazine,60,"The net effect is unsettling distance, not pointed commentary. [Apor 2009, p.134]"
PopMatters,60,"Happily, their latest album, Face Control--recorded after the duo stormed the clubs of Eastern Europe for inspiration--is a huge improvement."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Fans of off-kilter pop will enjoy at least a few of the stronger cuts, but too much of Face Control sounds like the unfinished blueprint of a much better album."
Q Magazine,60,"There simply aren't as many full-bodied, satisfying songs. [Winter 2009, p.72]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,25,"This is easily the most flavorless fruit yet to fall from the Wolf Parade family tree."

AllMusic,80,"With Blink-182/+44 bassist Mark Hoppus producing, Fight does pack a wallop, enveloping frontman Jordan Pundik's angsty relationship paeans on a dozen compact, dynamic and hooky tracks in a mere 35 minutes."
Drowned In Sound,75,"Even these songs give way to the loud-guitar/crunching-rhythm style that drives the rest of Not Without A Fight, demonstrating that, softening middle years be damned, New Found Glory still hits hard enough to matter."
Uncut,70,"Taken as a whole, Not Without a Fight is a pleasant listen, mature in its outlook, and happily adolescent in its vigor."
Pitchfork,70,"There is some filler, particularily within the latter half, which despite the inspired riffage, isn't as memorable as the former. If Fight was a smidge more consistent, it would certainly be receiving a higher rating in this review. [Apr 2009, p.131]"
Delusions of Adequacy,63,"Producer Mark Hoppus (of Blink-182) helps the band remove all the air from the music, but the effect isn't stifling, it's reassuring. With no leeway available, it's not possible for the train to come off the tracks. The result is adolescence reconfigured as a highlight reel."
Dusted Magazine,60,"New Found Glory's newfound maturity makes for a surprisingly palatable record that will soothe both lovelorn teenagers and their long-suffering parents alike. [Apr 2009, p.108]"
PopMatters,50,"Not Without a Fight bobs and weaves between chugga-chugga riffs and poppy lead licks, with Jordan Pudnik's well-meaning whine bouncing off Chad Gilbert's more assertive (and appealing) bark."
Under The Radar,50,"Not Without a Fight lacks the kind of hooks, fun riffs, and sing-along choruses that made the band famous and it also lacks the solid song writing that helped their last album not become a horrible failure."
AllMusic,50,"It doesnt mean theyve made a bad album here, just a predictable one. Attempting a traditionalist record in any genre is a game of constraints, and those constraints are fully felt on Not Without a Fight."
Q Magazine,40,"Congrats, boys, youve made Warpeds one millionth girls-suck album."
Prefix Magazine,20,"This sixth studio set is so generic that it doesn't just sound dated, it makes them sound old. [May 2009, p.91]"

Hot Press,90,"Wracked with doubt, contradiction and existential despair, Mama, Im Swollen strikes out as a weighty, superbly realised endeavour which, for all its oppressive nature, is as eminently listenable and brave an album as any the band have produced."
Mojo,80,"Lyrically, frontman Tim Kasher never misses a step (see the men-as-animals 'From the Hips' and 'Donkeys'), proving once again why he's among indie rock's greats."
Uncut,80,"Diehard fans will continue to bray for 'The Ugly Organ 2,' but Swollen features better songs, stronger playing, and Dylan-level lyrics, making it the band's most cohesive work to date."
Drowned In Sound,80,"The songs were full of meaning and memories."
Pitchfork,75,"Although the album drags in its back third, Mama, Im Swollen is a strong addition to Cursives catalog."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Where experimentation with layered instruments enhanced the grandness of 'Happy Hollow,' here it's taken one step overboard with additional flute, clarinets, and violin arrangements added on top of the supplementary horn section, to the point of making this their lightest, earthiest release to date."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Kasher is back to the microscope and black light, using willful musical twists to tear apart his own thirtysomething hypocrisy on this ambitious, kinda-grossly-titled sixth CD."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"You can pretty much count on Cursive for a solid album, one that doesn't reinvent their wheel per se, but at least attacks each new batch of songs with little creative restraint, dressing up Kasher's musings in an ornamental, anthemic, and always visceral package. [Spring 2009, p.70]"
AllMusic,70,"The key word is almost, because what could have been mawkish and naive is instead deliciously raw, an album for when all else fails."
PopMatters,67,"Cursive's seventh LP, Mama, I'm Swollen, is just as transgressive as it is familiar."
Rolling Stone,62,"Mostly Mama comes filled with soul-aflame adolescent angst that generates lines like I am the joke of existence / I am no one with guitar squall to match."
Pitchfork,60,"Cursive haven't sounded this crazed and inspired since their breakthrough album, 2003's 'The Ugly Organ.'"
cokemachineglow,60,"Kasher still embraces his flaws and while that may not work to the record's advantage when it does Cursive hits hard as ever."
Dusted Magazine,58,"Tim Kasher is emo's grown-up hero--a punk who pays his mortgage. So it's a little awkward to find the Omaha native stricken with Peter Pan syndrome on Cursive's sixth album, Mama, I'm Swollen."
New Musical Express (NME),52,"There is of course a huge market for their kind of angst-ridden emo, and in many ways--particularly lyrically--this album sounds like it's been lifted straight from the emo handbook, which may well satisfy many listeners. For the less committed, however, the lack of the band's usual wit and musical inventiveness will be missed."
Under The Radar,50,"Its definitely an improvement over 'Happy Hollow,' but the band has yet to reclaim the impulse that attracted so many of their fans in the first place."
Pitchfork,50,"For a band like Cursive to produce an album as self-pitying and mournful as Swollen is, frankly, a disappointment, especially considering the fact that the Omaha quartet tackled twenty-something melodrama with such delightful insolence on 'Ugly Organ.'"
Drowned In Sound,50,"Its high points undeniably high, the end result is nevertheless another mild disappointment from a songwriter who would do well to cut his songs loose a bit and let them stand on their own."
PopMatters,40,"Kasher has zero ability to or interest in dialing down his drama and giving Cursives highbrow emo rock room to breathe."
The New York Times,30,"The emo-punk angst is cut with little of the band's trademark wit or ingenuity: Most of the songs plod bloodlessly to an inevitable, pointless climax of noise, sour humor, and teen nihilism."

Uncut,75,"Much of Grrr...ventures pretty far into the cutesyas the albums title suggests--but more often than not, Rice and Rudders strong rock-sense gives Bishop Allens songs enough kick to overcome their cloying elements."
Tiny Mix Tapes,73,"Perfectly enunciated lyrics, layered instrumentation, infectious melodies, rinse, repeat. The sound wasnt broke, so Bishop Allen didnt bother fixing it."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Repeated listens help to sort things out, though, and the subtle shadings of Grrr... do become more apparent the more you listen--in fact, the album is a perfect example of the old rock crit cliche 'The Grower.'"
Billboard.com,70,"The band is at its peak on Grrr..., sticking to basic guitar pop with occassional embellishment in arrangements. [Winter 2009, p.70]"
AllMusic,67,"Simply put, Grrr ... is a fantastic follow-up, 'Dimmer' serving as a perfectly springlike starter, dripping with charm."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Simplifying things is fine, of course, and Bishop Allen does quite a bit with a little on Grrr..., but there are small moments when it feels like the band is putting a glass ceiling on these songs."
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"It's hard to criticize an album that feels so good-natured, especially when unoriginality is hardly a mark against this kind of pop, but the band misses again with its lyrics, which, while generally clever, often stray into the realm of overstructured precocity."
The New York Times,60,"Twee without being cloying, Bishop Allen have dropped any signifiers that might make us think Tilly & the Wall (the clattering percussion, and urgent male/female vocals), and manage to present their light-hearted lyrics as sincere."
Rolling Stone,50,"aside from the nicely scuffed 'Dirt on Your New Shoes,' a general lack of spark or lyrical acuity makes even the album's catchiest songs of predestination ('The Ancient Commonsense of Things'), passive-aggression ('Don't Hide Away'), and whimsy ('Cue the Elephants') register as little more than charming diversions."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"Songwriters Justin Rice and Christian Rudder are fluent melodists, but the hooks can't redeem a peppy preciousness that veers into indie self-parody--the sound of post-collegiates far too convinced that they're clever and quirky."
Under The Radar,40,"The album is not an abject failure however, as there are bits, just tiny bits, of it that give off the faintest wisps of something more."
Pitchfork,35,"Grrr... seems transcribed from a distant memory or read from the pages of a script."

Alternative Press,100,"Heavy Ghost, Stiths debut, is nothing short of a masterpiece of mood and texture, an album that sounds as if it was devised in equal parts by a seasoned composer and an inspired amateur."
Chicago Tribune,100,"Everything on Heavy Ghost is a work of pure genius; this is the music of your life and its the kind that needs to be rewarded in any possible way because truthfully, honestly, sincerely, its something endearingly special."
musicOMH.com,90,"Much like the title of his debut, Indianas curious ringmaster Stith is a contradiction in terms. Dont be put off--hes a contradiction worth losing yourself to."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Yes, Heavy Ghost is weird, but Stith's melodies are simple and wonderful, making his experimentation easy to follow and, with his enchanting choral throughout, it's easy to get lost in every song--or even engulfed into a new fantastical land that you may never want to escape from."
The Guardian,80,"At this point, Stith is more of an arranger than a songwriter--the 12 tracks are perfect little canapes of tastefulness, glorious while they last but not lingering as much more than an aftertaste of something rich and dark--but an undeniable talent lurks within."
PopMatters,80,"It's Buffalo, New York-born David Stith's turn now to fashion a brilliant, hermetically sealed world that makes unabashed emotional connection. [Apr 2009, p.109]"
Sputnikmusic,80,"The strings and tympani gradually fade out until we are left in silence. The moment serves as an appropriate conclusion to a singular work from an extremely talented new voice."
AllMusic,80,"Set against a rich, ethereal backdrop, its a mature, moody debut, the type that makes one hope Stith will choose to linger on the music scene for some time to come."
Pitchfork,80,"Apparently Stith shied away from any musical expression for years--in which case Heavy Ghost represents a quite spectacular plunge. [Apr 2009, p.87]"
musicOMH.com,80,"Stiths ability to combine sounds into a sort of post-modern tribal folk is what makes the album so enjoyable to listen to."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"His debut album is extraordinary. [Apr 2009, p.110]"
Uncut,80,"The listener brings just as much to this music as Stith does, which is the peculiar genius of his creation."
Drowned In Sound,76,"Heavy Ghost is, in Stith's words, 'more like life:' sometimes challenging, sometimes confusing, but, in the end, rewarding."
PopMatters,70,"Even if Heavy Ghost doesnt feel fully unfurled--or if it unfurled for too long, with all those years spent gestating--Stith still continues to demonstrate his symphonic talents and deep care for texture and timbre."
Alternative Press,70,"As a whole, Heavy Ghost is considerably subtler even than 'The Crying Light.'"
Under The Radar,60,"Like a futuristic remake of 'The Wicker Man,' it is all splintered beats and frosty light-night soul, and at best, as on 'Pity Dance,' quite remarkable."
Q Magazine,60,"Heavy Ghost manages to give a pleasant trip off the grid. [Winter 2009, p.76]"

New Musical Express (NME),83,"Its a Giving Tree scenario, spun out with strings and a subdued power-ballad build, and it sets the stage for the worldly decay catalogued throughout (a)spera with the help of several gifted collaborators."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"This kind of sophisticated indie pop and singer/songwriter territory is all her own, and (A)spera holds almost as much wisdom as it does hope."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),80,"Throughout, Mirah picks her soft, knowing way through songs that soothe even as they challenge. Her melodies curl gently up into question marks, as she asks you to make sense of life and love and loss."
The A.V. Club,80,"One could easily imagine Mirah being just another songwriter, singing turgid ballads about loneliness over an acoustic guitar (and indeed there is the occasional disturbing flash of this in her work), but through the intelligent production of Elvrum, and indeed, some of the other producers on (a)spera, she is able to set her thoughts upon soaring mountains of musical genius."
Pitchfork,80,"(a)spera is a pan-global treasure trove of creaking emotions and untried moments of emotional clarity. [Winter 2009, p.73]"
Alternative Press,80,"Although short of a masterpiece, (a)spera is Mirah's most satisfying start-to-finish disc since her 2001 solo breakthrough. [Apr 2009, p.135]"
Austin Chronicle,80,"In whats been a tremendous year for female singers thus far (see releases from Marissa Nadler, Bat For Lashes, Emmy The Great and fellow Portland-er Laura Gibson), this is yet another to add to the pile."
Paste Magazine,78,"(a)spera is the sound of a musician accomplishing the challenges she has set herself, both musically and communicatively."
cokemachineglow,75,"Yes, it feels like she's lost some of the youthful pop and punch that she had almost a decade ago, but the reason why Mirah's sincerity feels like such a big deal is because her songs are like friends."
Filter,70,"On her fourth album, Portland, Oregon singer/songwriter Mirah Yom Tov Zeitlyn expands her sound palette, somehow adapting a Carnival parade for the otherwise restrained 'Country of the Future.'"

Billboard.com,93,"Here, he dresses his music in full regalia--with whistles, horns, organs and marching-band drums--and its exquisite."
AllMusic,90,"There are bound to be some people that just don't get it. For those that do, you are looking at a sure contender for your album of the year."
Boston Globe,90,"Perkins is joined by a three-piece ensemble of multi-instrumentalists that do a great deal to boost his soulful ballads with circus-like arrangements, while putting a little extra pep in his step. [Winter 2009, p.96]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"is still the same Perkins who turned misery into moving music several years ago, but he's learned to dress up those sentiments in engaging Americana attire, a move that softens the blow but rarely cheapens the art."
Dot Music,80,"Tackling weighty themes and wrestling difficult truths with aplomb, it ultimately emerges triumphant."
No Ripcord,80,"When the quality is this high, Perkins can sing the pain away for as long as he needs. [May 2009, p.101]"
musicOMH.com,80,"Elvis Perkins in Dearland is more than good enough. [May 2009, p.117]"
Mojo,75,"Perkins has proven himself to be a versatile, surprising and compelling songwriter. On Elvis Perkins In Dearland, he walks the thin line between charming entertainer and confessional songwriter beautifully."
NOW Magazine,75,"Perkins's simple, folk-hymn melodies are helped along by New Orleans brass, harmonica, B-3 organ, and harmonium, their trumpeting and wheezing sounds adding levity to blunt statements."
Uncut,70,"Perkins freewheels through American music traditionsHaight-Ashbury folk ('Hey'), New Orleans brass ('Doomsday'), junkyard blues ('Ill Be Arriving')--with arrangements as rich as a pawn-shop display."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Comprising organ, piano, upright bass and acoustic guitars, as well as the occasional fiddle or burst of New Orleans brass, the music wheezes and strolls with old-timey authenticity."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Perkins hasn't entirely moved on, but now there's a proper band behind him, and there's celebration in the music--strings, New Orleans horns and distorted blues rock."
PopMatters,70,"A ponderous chain-gang stomp and some misty lyrics outline his limitations, but once again, Perkins' loss is our gain."
Spin,70,"Much like his 2007 debut, 'Ash Wednesday,' Perkins speaks through characters and, more importantly, though his musical arrangements to present a nuanced approach to musing on mortality and loss and loneliness."
Under The Radar,70,"Elvis Perkins in Dearland is an amusement park ride. It is more than a fan would expect from a sophomore effort, and likely to wind up on many a critics top ten list."
Drowned In Sound,67,"Perkins' funereal, imagistic pull still haunts the album, but bolstered into the Elvis Perkins in Dearland fourpiece, the eponymous LP lopes with a processional gait."
Delusions of Adequacy,67,"Decent as these tracks are, the rest of the album never quite lives up to 'Shampoo's' potential."
Los Angeles Times,62,"Itll play huge at the Troubadour. Its just that, as much orchestration clearly went into this record, it seems content to be merely well done, when the opening two tracks make it absolutely, exhilaratingly clear that theres more than that at stake here."
Observer Music Monthly,60,"The intricate vocal arrangements and alluring harmonica parts of opener 'Shampoo' grab the listener with bright potential, while 'Hey' is a lovely upbeat duet with Lavender Diamonds Becky Stark."
The Guardian,60,"The result, inevitably, feels much more like a live band at work. [May 2009, p.95]"
Rolling Stone,50,"Perkins clearly has stories to tell of difficult journeys travelled, but unfortunately it comes across as yet another Yank putting out the roadside campfire with dribble from his harmonica."

Slant Magazine,80,"Rossi has worked well with producer Steve Albini to clean up the tracks, and pick up the pace, making them sparse and wonderful, like intricate machines."
Q Magazine,80,"Perhaps most enjoyable of all is that there's something remarkably personable about this album, as though Anni Rossi is right there in the room with you, singing her heart out about beekeeping in the Himalayas, her love for freezer units, and the troubles of driving to the west coast with no air conditioning."
Billboard.com,80,"Behind the whimsy she defies her own frailty. She stays on the move, with uncertainty wherever she alights."
AllMusic,70,"The most frustrating part of the brilliance is that it has been all too fleeting. Please Anni, give us more."
Rolling Stone,70,"Rockwell is a promising debut, and shell be wise to stick to the road less traveled on future excursions."
The New York Times,70,"Her songs together paint a picture of a forthright, plangent character who, like Frida Hyvonen, mines experience for universe-level significance."
Los Angeles Times,60,"The music is fresh and rather hypnotizing."
Slant Magazine,40,"File under: shoulda put a donk on it."

Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Benefiting from a stable line-up throughout, Song of the Pearl manages to sound brighter and more dynamic while retaining its predecessor's visionary essence. [Apr 2009, p.107]"
The Guardian,80,"The ebb and flow of Arbouretum's music, still rooted in folk but flaring into twin-guitar noise-rock, is often astounding. [Apr 2009, p.90]"
Paste Magazine,80,"The band layers on fuzzy distortion through chugging chord progressions, sounding something like Nirvana fronted by John Fogerty. [Spring 2009, p.76]"
Billboard.com,76,"While the melodies and rhythms won't escape most listeners, it is the aforementioned instrumental prowess and attention to detail that help build appreciation with each listen. [Winter 2009, p.94]"
PopMatters,75,"Song of the Pearl may not be full of surprises, but it provides a fresh trip through familiar territory that's more than idle nostalgia."
Dot Music,70,"It's a weird blend of power-driven grunge and melancholy: a fever dream that sweats out weary sadcore as it primitively pounds out acid rock drudge."
Pitchfork,70,"It has a denser, more cohesive sound, more defined rhythms and richer arrangements--and yet lacks some of the subterranean pull of its predecessor."
The A.V. Club,70,"While it might not be as interesting or idiosyncratic as its predecessor, 'Rites of Uncovering,' it is a more-cohesive record that, in turn, makes for more a more-satisfying whole."
AllMusic,65,"Song of the Pearl marks a nice transition for these guys, but it ends up sounding like it could have been more."
Boston Globe,60,"There's plenty of squelching, soaring solos, and drone rock, just the ticket for those turned on by 11-minute epic 'The Rise' from the last album. [Apr 2009, p.97]"
Rolling Stone,60,""
Drowned In Sound,58,"Perhaps praising Heumann's improved writing plays like faint praise, but it's as significant a step in the right direction as tightening the instrumental belt is in the wrong direction."
Chicago Tribune,50,"Song of the Pearl, then, is well-executed, but stuck in the same gear, especially in its middle."

Uncut,86,"Start-stop measures, tempo changes and harmonized vocals all make the album a grand listen. [Winter 2009, p.98]"
Q Magazine,80,"The chops are there, the gimmck is there, and hopefully, the fanbase will be there, too. [Apr 2009, p.135]"
Under The Radar,75,"Benjamin Verdoes and his bandmates have put together a debut of impressive songs that can be infectious and inviting, but also caustic and surprising."
Alternative Press,70,"Bluesy single-note guitar lines compete with jagged chording, the bass thumps out counter-melodies, strained yelping dissolves into pastoral harmony. Yet it all coheres thanks to frontman Benjamin Verdoes' pop instincts and the band's jittery energy."
AllMusic,60,"One listen is enough to inform the listener that this is a group of very talented musicians who are quite capable of writing tight pop songs, but don't seem terribly interested--at this point in time anyway--in going that route."
Pitchfork,60,"Their first album doesn't quite match the hype, but is still an appealing piece of go-ahead indie-[pop, with a certain charismatic bagginess and wit that points to a bright future. [Apr 2009, p.91]"
cokemachineglow,60,"Their name alone relieves the listener of the expectation that anything they do will make much sense, but for those willing to suspend their notions about things such as song structure, St. Helens can be an entertaining, if befuddling, experience."
Dusted Magazine,50,"The familial rock trio sadly hit jaded ears. Blame the '90s or The Strokes. [Winter 2009, p.78]"
PopMatters,39,"With more experience, the group could perhaps one day drum up a more cohesive, compelling vision, something that reaches out and grabs you. For now, though, the band's grasping at straws."

Mojo,80,"Underneath The Owl is unquestionably the best album of the Gamblers' career thus far. [Apr 2009, p.132]"
The Boston Phoenix,70,"It's weird to think that these Texas upstarts are largely relegated to the fringes of pop--what they do is so basic, so elemental, it's hard to even come up with a modifier to place in front of 'rock.'"
AllMusic,60,"Some of the tunes slip into vague kvetching. But the tenderhearted raveup 'Victory Lap' combines the best of Against Me! and the Replacements."
Urb,60,"Since the Riverboat Gamblers are regarded as one of the best live acts on the current punk scene, it seems curious that Underneath the Owl follows the strategy of sounding as little like a live performance as possible, and it neuters a band that knows how to get wild in the studio."
Q Magazine,50,"Side A is all the big, obvious, high-sheen rock, meant to be heard blasting out of speakers in a sweaty dive bar, but its stuff that tends to mash together in the haze of a few PBRs. Side B, tho, while hardly a sea change, shows a willingness to grow and experiment."
Alternative Press,40,"Underneath the Owl plays up the Gamblers' pop-punk traits while keeping a tight lid on their explosive tendencies. This wouldn't be of issue if the songs reached out and grabbed you, but ear worms are in short supply here."

Uncut,80,"The second helping from Montreal's Bell Orchestre holds true to the Canadian instrumentalists' penchant for melodic/atonal slabs of cinematic chamber rock, but this time around they've reigned in the jerky, less-developed aspects of their work, allowing for a smooth, though still volatile blend of post-punk, classical crossover, and straight-up experimental rock."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"The album is post-rock at its best, a monumentous achievement even by the groups standards."
Paste Magazine,80,"It sounds more coherent than episodic, placeless, and with a definite emphasis on the rock aspects that, on 'Recording a Tape,' were used sparingly."
Dusted Magazine,80,"As Seen Through Windows is both a progression and an evolution from the band's previous work, and it would be criminal to overlook them this time."
PopMatters,80,"Produced by Tortoise's John McEntire on this, their second outing, BO channel such solitary American composers as Harry Partch and Charles Ives, rattling from distorted second line jazz to mournful Moondog horn stomps and sweet chamber melancholy, creating a claustrophobic city suite that taps into a whole other area of American vernacular music. [Dec 2009, p. 96]"
Prefix Magazine,78,"The three years that have passed since the band's debut has left Bell Orchestre a far more confident act than the one that once served as the house band for a Montreal dance ensemble, one that simultaneously expands and tightens its focus with an album that ultimately inhabits its own place on the pop-music spectrum."
Spin,75,"Windows extends the filmic dynamism and orchestral spark that carried 'Recording a Tape,' but instead of remaining in the background, the narrative--impressionistic and imperfect--comes to a often-unpredictable present."
Pitchfork,70,"As Seen Through Windows will likely continue to solidify Bell Orchestres reputation for making interesting and occasionally challenging instrumental music that not enough people have heard."
AllMusic,67,"Bell Orchestres second album is an imaginary soundtrack with a gauzy overlay and a gentle fussiness that pervades everything. If this music has a color, its periwinkle."
Under The Radar,60,"The band, composed of members of Arcade Fire, The Luyas, Snailhouse, and The Sway Machine, is a good fit for fans of any of the aforementioned acts or anyone looking for some new instrumental music for homework or housework. [Spring 2009, p.70]"
Drowned In Sound,50,"Theres a whole lot of beauty in As Seen Through Windows, but it isnt attainable beauty. When the music stops, so does it disappear, leaving you feeling as though youve lost something in the process."

Austin Chronicle,80,"Its refreshing to hear his music decontextualised--without a wider narrative, or the restraint of having to make an album as a piece, its Ashworths songwriting that has to hold the collection together."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"They provide a helpful and--mostly--enjoyable overview of the scope of Ashworth's work."
Uncut,75,"The odd bits and bobs typical of the 7-inch and B-side world manage to make Advance Base Battery Life a little more interesting than Owen Ashworth's previous work."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"Having released enough singles and compilation tracks to warrant a collection of them, Owen Ashworth pulls them together on the enjoyable Advance Base Battery Life, pure catnip for committed fans but not without interest to those unfamiliar with Casiotone for the Painfully Alone's way around understated, enveloping electronic pop."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Some of the more irregular numbers scream demo between their whisperings--think very early Arab Strap, midi beats in place of the crass Scottish semen puns--but overall its a solid little barometer, one or two cues offering insight into Casiotones current organic direction."
musicOMH.com,70,"Some patience and repeated plays will be needed to digest the concise, offbeat and scratchy melodies from this eccentric, bedroom electronic artist."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Just when you thought Chi-town loner Owen Ashworth couldnt trump his previous four efforts in terms of schmindie obscurity, he goes and wheels out a bunch of twee reinterpretations of oldies and rarities."
PopMatters,70,"Advance Base Battery Life stands as a mostly enjoyable, if slightly disjointed, recap of Ashworths non-album singles."
Lost At Sea,70,"Advance Base Battery Life finds all the signature CFTPA attributes in display with the usual blankets of ambient electronics, tinny drum machines, a few synthetic strings, and Ashworth's genius monotone lyrical narratives about breakups, laundry mats, and just about every other mudane subject only Ashworth can make interesting. [Spring 2009, p.70]"
AllMusic,69,"Though the expected tracks of washed-out vocals, shimmery keyboards, lonely drum machine thumps, and efficiently told tales of romantic disappointment abound, there are also surprises here....[But] Advance Base Battery Life is not likely to earn Ashworth many new fans."
PopMatters,60,"It's diverting enough. [Apr 2009, p.82]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"So while this collection of singles, B-sides and cover versions might lack the tight focus of previous album Etiquette, there is still flashes of lo-fi pop brillance. [Apr 2009, p.102]"

