Mojo,80,"The highlights are among the closing duets, however, with both men warming to their task on a sinuous Um Canto de Afoxe Para O Bloco Do Ile and a delightfully rickety Heaven, Byrne screws up the chords, but they bring the house down nonetheless. [May 2012, p.87]"
Magnet,80,"Better still is hearing Byrne's mincing yelp and Veloso's flickering vocals as one entity as it winds its way weirdly through the calm breezes of Talking Heads' 'Heaven' as well as a small bunch of flowery nu-brazilian classics and cuts penned by both composers. [#86, p.59]"
NOW Magazine,80,"Veloso still sounds as smooth and warm as on his 70s recordings that helped spearhead the Tropiclia movement."
The Guardian,80,"This is an intriguing acoustic set backed by their own guitars, with occasional help from the celebrated Brazilian cellist Jaques Morelenbaum and percussionist Mauro Refosco."
The Observer (UK),80,"This 2004 acoustic show is an entrancing showcase of their respective talents."
Uncut,70,"The pair became friends and, on this memorable acoustic show, a great double act. [May 2012, p.83]"
AllMusic,70,"While the two don't always match up exactly in terms of presentation, by the end, Byrne's nerdy rock and Veloso's airy sonnets prove highly complementary to each other, especially in tandem."
Chicago Tribune,63,"The potential sparks that one expects from such a pairing take a while to ignite."
Consequence of Sound,60,"For the most part, though, this show feels like two different concerts, one Veloso's and the other Byrne's."
musicOMH.com,60,"This is not necessarily a needless welding of two disparate musical styles, more a lost opportunity for a magical fusion of two sonic diviners."
PopMatters,40,"Live at Carnegie Hall may be forgettable, but it's a harmless and occasionally pleasing aside in the oeuvre of two undeniably necessary artists."

Billboard.com,85,"Other guests include Linda Ronstadt ('A la Orilla de un Palmar'), Van Dyke Parks and Los Tigres del Norte (who both appear on 'Cancin Mixteca'). The result is as thrilling as it is enlightening."
AllMusic,80,"While this album sounds like the Chieftains playing in fusion mode, it is so much more ambitious than anything theyve attempted before. Some of the music here is contemporary, though much of it is over a century old; yet it reaches past its settings into the present day, telling of the indelibly rich meeting of two cultures oppressed by a third."
BBC Music,80,"This is a transatlantic musical campaign whose virtuosity, verve and sheer eccentric heart make it hard to resist."
Boston Globe,80,"This project may be too esoteric for some, but its a vital reminder of a history long forgotten."
The Guardian,80,"The music blends Irish uilleann pipes, whistle and fiddles with Mexican guitars, banjo and trumpets, and the cast of singers ranges from Lila Downs and Linda Ronstadt to the extraordinary, passionate 90-year-old ranchero star, Chavela Vargas. Then there's moody guitar instrumental work and a fine, sturdy ballad (in English) from Cooder. Grammy nominations are a certainty."
The New York Times,80,"They share the beat, tapping it on the bodhran, and slip in counterpoint from fiddle or Celtic harp. But they dont try to make their collaborators sound Irish. Like the San Patricios, but with a happier outcome, they put Mexico first."
Mojo,80,"The Chieftains lay a vibrant carpet of colour but veering between joyous and heartbreaking, the fiery Mexican element is what makes it so compelling. [Apr 2010, p.105]"
PopMatters,80,"San Patricio, though, is their most accomplished cross-cultural project to date."
Uncut,60,"All in all, San Patricio is something of an oddity. [Apr 2010, p.94]"
Q Magazine,60,"It works surprising well. [Apr 2010, p.120]"

The Guardian,100,"This is a magnificent and poignant farewell."
Dusted Magazine,90,"To put it simply, Ali and Toumani is a quiet, intimate, timeless record; a transcendent expression of cultural pride, deep friendship, and above all, breath-taking musical colloquy."
musicOMH.com,90,"This album and its predecessor are worthy and awe-inspiring tributes to the man and the Malian musical traditions for which he and Diabat were--and continue to be--the strongest and most compelling of standard-bearers."
PopMatters,90,"This is a deep, darkly beautiful work. The interplay between these two men is exceedingly rare in any type of music. Ali and Toumani is profound and powerful, with a soft accumulating force, like the individual drips of ice that form a river."
Los Angeles Times,88,"This 11-track album--the second collection of collaborations by Tour and the Malian kora player Toumani Diabet--doesn't sound like death. Rather, it's an early contender for the warmest, most life-affirming listen of 2010."
Billboard.com,84,"Ali and Toumani is spontaneous and deeply spiritual, depicting two outstanding musicians who are governed by nothing but their love for their nation."
Pitchfork,83,"You get the feel of two of the world's greatest musicians in a room together, having a conversation and creating a document that will carry their legacy into the future. It is not challenging music. Anyone can approach it easily, and it is the perfect initiation to Tour's talents for listeners who haven't yet heard him."
AllMusic,80,"This self-titled album is a fitting tribute to Toures and Diabates genius and friendship, and is a beautiful farewell."
BBC Music,80,"Beautifully recorded, Ali & Toumani lives up to and perhaps exceeds expectations."
Q Magazine,80,"Without diluting the pair's roots, the 1 tracks weave a binding spell that feels just as familiar to Western ears as African. [Mar 2010, p.108]"
Mojo,80,"What's truly remarkable about the interplay, however, is the way the two seemlessly bridge the gulf between their cultures. [Mar 2010, p.93]"
Filter,68,"For residents of the 21st centurey, the sound is not nearly as exotic [as it was in 1980]....However, what is particularly striking about this album is the players' ease and familarity, both with each other and with their instruments. [Winter 2010, p100]"

AllMusic,100,"The Best of the Black President is simply a stellar collection that bests any two-disc collection out there as it represents the continued evolution of Fela Kuti's music from the 1960s through the 1990s."
Lost At Sea,100,"One of the rare cases of a best-of being an artist's definitive statement, it's not hard to explain that Fela's other albums simply couldn't have fit enough of them to qualify."
PopMatters,90,"Through music, Kuti received redemption and power. The Best of the Black President gathers his best singles in one place. Here are the strongest moments of a musician that never played a single unnecessary note."
Pitchfork,81,"So while two straight discs of Fela is exhausting, it's probably the most suitable way to digest him."
Rolling Stone,80,"While the song selection (including classics like the brass-balled superfunker 'Zombie') is killer, recording info would help. The music speaks for itself, but presidential history deserves better."

Urb,90,"Light a Candle is a rhythmic and refreshing soundtrack to adventures through tropical and summery locales."
AllMusic,60,"With a somewhat re-jiggered lineup, they pick up the thread of that release with the follow-up, Light a Candle."
Rolling Stone,60,"Some tunes, like the swaying, gentle 'Silence Is Golden,' are merely pleasant. But 'Caipirinha,' a spare cut built primarily on booming percussion, is just fierce."
The Guardian,60,"Played loud, this is wonderful party music, but the band use old-style forro simply as their starting point."
PopMatters,50,"Its pleasant and unessential."

The A.V. Club,91,"Though Radioclit seems to draw production ideas from the already existent ether--largely the African-Western pop alliances of the 80s--that does nothing to take away from this fascinating and happy moment captured on record."
Pitchfork,86,"It's a true global-pop album, and a hopeful template for things to come."
Drowned In Sound,80,"When you consider the current crop of supposedly afrobeat influenced indie rock, Warm Heart Of Africa is, if youll excuse the pun, The Very Best."
musicOMH.com,80,"Naming a band The Very Best may seem like posturing, but on the evidence of Warm Heart Of Africa they're on to something."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Malawis Esau Mwamwaya, however, is proof that even the Wests slickest and sickliest can be used well by inventive minds."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"The live clips of the Very Best on YouTube suggest an almost chaotic stage presence, and this very easy-on-the-ear debut may inspire many imitators."
PopMatters,80,"Its all a part of the open exchange in the Afropop community that gives The Very Best their lush and addictive sound."
Prefix Magazine,80,"There may be a language barrier to be dealt with here, but the feelings of the songs here transcend all walls, real or perceived."
Mojo,80,"Cameos by Vampire Wekend's Ezra Keonig and Tamil rapper M.I.A. add to a joyous but knowing smorgasbord that will play equally well in a Lilongwe disco or Shoreditch/Brooklyn trend hole. [Oct 2009, p.107]"
Uncut,80,"Warm Heart Of Africa works best when Radioclit subtly build on the rhythms of Mwamwaya's native kwassa kwassa. [Oct 2009, p.119]"
AllMusic,70,"Ultimately, this set proves that the debut was no fluke, and this genre-bending meld of street traditions both East and West is capable of appealing to anyone with blood instead of sawdust in her/his veins."
Rolling Stone,70,"The woozy slow-jam 'Julia,' among other tracks, proves the group's polyglot street jams are plenty catchy unassisted."
Spin,70,"The trios official debut further expands their musical palette to include triumphant synth rock (Chalo) and woozy G-funk (Julia)."
Urb,70,"We're given a deeper record than some may've anticipated -- sonically, for sure--but more so The Very Best's debut stands up higher as document of seamless (and shameless) cultural convergence."
Under The Radar,70,"Instead of approximating a hodgepodge of the 21st century's musical memes, this debut LP takes on a life of its own, authenticity snobs be damned. [Fall 2009, p.68]"
Paste Magazine,68,"While I never needed to hear the T-Pain Auto-Tune vocal effect in Chichewa, the beats and hooks on this collaboration between Malawian singer Esau Mwamwaya and London-based DJ/producer duo Radioclit are inventive enough to forgive the occasional overindulgence."
Austin Chronicle,67,"It's upbeat and inspiring almost to a fault--the lilting, diamond-soul yelp of Vampire Weekend's Ezra Koenig holds its own on the Upper West Side Soweto of the title track--which also makes Warm Heart feel like some sort of Disney tourist attraction--enjoyable but not yet revelatory."
Q Magazine,60,"The multi-culturally correct Warm Heart Of Africa more than lives up to its title, Nsokoto and infectious Kamphopo being worth a place on anyone's shuffle. [Oct 2009, p.118]"
The Boston Phoenix,37,"Lack of body heat and dynamics aside, the ideas on Warm Heart of Africa are pretty strong, perhaps awaiting ironically fairer treatments in the hands of future remixers."

The Boston Phoenix,88,"The spirited chants and intricate beats give Fools Gold unity, and the precision is inviting. They never break from their tight sound with a boldly original gesture, but theres no need to risk spoiling this fun set of songs."
BBC Music,80,"Fools Gold stretch Western pop templates out into African shapes; and this debut album belies their name by being a genuine gem."
musicOMH.com,80,"This new project is hardly a bandwagon-shaped whim. Instead, Fool's Gold, the album, has been made with genuine passion and a desire to pay homage to something its creators clearly love."
The Guardian,80,"Where Vampire Weekend sound like indie musicians who have embraced African music, Fool's Gold's leader Lewis Pesacov grew up listening to Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan as well as US pop, and his band's uplifting sound vibrates with love and kinship with the continent's music."
Uncut,80,"It doesn't require a lyric translator to hear the exquisite sense of regret that permeates a song like 'Ha Dvash,' but the sheer exuberance of the music keeps spirits soaring. [Feb 2010, p.88]"
Pitchfork,76,"The sounds of Touareg and Afrobeat and Ghanaian Highlife are rippling through the eight songs here, each a rollicking, warm reflection of appreciation."
Prefix Magazine,75,"Throughout its 43 minutes, Fools Gold has the air of the kind of effortless breeziness that comes with tossed-off side projects. But that vibe underscores the effectiveness of the album, which features multiple stylistic quirks that could lead Fools Gold in a variety of directions if they continue as a project."
Drowned In Sound,70,"The first half connects the mind and the body equally, which is why they are such successful songs. The second half of is just body music and thats where it falls a little flat. Thats not to say it doesn't work at all."
Clash Music,70,"Tribal chanting and desert parties meet drum machines and electrifying guitar riffs in an album that is consistently inventive, mesmerising and incredibly danceable."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Fools Gold might mine a rich vein, but they rarely forge anything more than mere tourist trinkets."
Urb,60,"Their sound has life, culture and tiny details that could only be developed from a wide variation of instruments and worldly inspirations."
Under The Radar,60,"When a band takes that inspiration and --through performance, production, and a cantorial twist-makes it irresistable and uniquely their own, you can't do much else but shake it. [Fall 2009, p.62]"

Q Magazine,80,"Infectious, sun-bleached and psychedelic--the welcome return of a South American institution. [Oct 2009, p.114]"
AllMusic,80,"Reunited (partially) in 2006 by the acclaim of their fans, Os Mutantes sound just as vital as they did back in 1968 on Haih...Ou Amortecedor."
Mojo,80,"Gloriously nonsensical and beautifully out there, this is a joyful triumph. [Oct 2009, p.107]"
Spin,80,"Here, a founding multi-instrumentalist member, a longtime bassist, and several supportive additions forgo the initial trios psychedelic pop for angular guitar riffs and agile Latin rhythms that evoke an adventurous, timeless sense of fun."
Billboard.com,79,"Even with the hiatus, the effort is remarkable for its maverick spirit and pop unorthodoxy."
Los Angeles Times,75,"You'd be right to call Haih scattershot and exhausting. But the group aims to sound like everything, and most of what it comes up with is fantastic."
The A.V. Club,75,"Though Haih Or Amortecedors trappings are plenty modern, Srgio is still smart and skillful enough to put a gloss on the classic Mutantes sound. The album is less a new departure than the bands radical old departure, dusted off and given a healthy shine."
Pitchfork,70,"All in all though, it's good to hear a new Os Mutantes record that carries forward the ideals and exploratory spirit that made us all love the band in the first place, even if it won't ever supplant those classic early albums."
The New York Times,70,"Haih or Amortecedor is a deliberate but merry throwback. Its new songs reclaim the early Mutantes sound."
PopMatters,70,"In spite of the occasional misstep, Haih Or Amortecedor is rhapsodic, an endearing tribute, and a welcome addition, to one of pop musics strangest group of musicians."
musicOMH.com,70,"For Tropicalia purists, the long-delayed return of Os Mutantes will feel like the start of another bizarre, and certainly never boring, miniature revolution."
Uncut,60,"Ignoring the misstep--'O Mensageiro'--this is a pleasure. [Oct 2009, p.106]"
Observer Music Monthly,60,"Now comes the first album of new material for 35 years, and although never quite reaching the innocent glory of late 60s Mutantes, Haih or Amortecedor is still brimming with vitality and ideas."
Rolling Stone,60,"The transitions from fluttery Brazilian rhythms to R.E.M.-ish jangle can be jarring, but Haih is much better than it ought to be."
Under The Radar,50,"While the album has great moments, it sounds like a band unable to recreate past glory. [Fall 2009, p.65]"

Paste Magazine,82,"Television embodies the sound of the African future while simultaneously nodding over its shoulder at the pain, joy, suffering and beauty of the continents past."
Mojo,80,"It's clear Maal is still boxing clever. [Jul 2009]"
musicOMH.com,80,"Television is an essential purchase for fans of West African artists, but should also be investigated by anyone who loves heartfelt, impeccably performed music."
Q Magazine,80,"The rest is a textbook example of a major African artist successfully reaching out toward Western ears without sacrificing integrity. [June 2009]"
Uncut,80,"If the initial effect is underwhelming, after several plays you find the tunes have buried themselves in your head and layers of intriguing subtlety are revealed. [Aug 2009, p.98]"
Observer Music Monthly,60,"The Senegalese seer is joined by a polyglot cast: the future's calling."
PopMatters,60,"The technology on Television sometimes threatens to swamp Maals voice, and thats true too--the first time I heard the album I came away thinking that hed barely opened his mouth at all, and it wasnt until Id listened to it again that I changed my mind."
The Guardian,60,"It's a brave, unexpected set that veers between the brilliant and the occasionally dreadful."
Pitchfork,58,"The results are perfectly pleasant but rarely inspiring, hardly sterile but at the same time too smooth."

Entertainment Weekly,100,"Their lyrics reveal the mysteries of true rolling stones. [16 Oct 2009, p.59]"
musicOMH.com,90,"Taken on its own merits, this is life-enriching stuff."
PopMatters,80,"Their songs are evocative in ways music seldom is; you can feel the heat in their voices, picture the haze coming off the desert horizon, hear the dust getting into their microphones, their amps, under the strings of their guitar, slowly working its way into the sound itself."
The Guardian,80,"Another Tinariwen classic."
Uncut,80,"Everything sounds deliciously grubby and unpolished."
Dusted Magazine,80,"The results are quietly remarkable."
cokemachineglow,79,"The thing that stands out for me this time around is how little Tinariwen are confrontational about their experiences. Instead, it just naturally permeates their music--love songs with a thousand-yard stare."
Pitchfork,76,"There is a unique magic to the sounds of the Sahara. Imidiwan captures that magic with skillful grace."
Rolling Stone,70,"There's a campfire vibe, though given the heat put out by even the acoustic jams, bonfire is more like it. The electric guitars flash like lightning, the looping melodies and Tamashek raps hypnotize."

AllMusic,80,"Espoir is one of the great surprises of 2009."
Urb,70,"Espoir is a strong start to a promising international musicians career."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Espoir is an unusual release, part interesting artifact of aesthetic oddities, part field recording of a talented man with a smooth voice who knows his way around a guitar. Not the ideal introduction to Burkina Faso, but worthwhile nonetheless."
Under The Radar,60,"The second disc, and the real treat here, is a barebones live recording of Zopoula playing in his backyard. [Spring 2009, p.77]"
PopMatters,50,"If were playing the game of comparing him to well-known people then how about a mellower and less expensively equipped Kanda Bongo Man minus the trademark hat? See, Im stretching too."
New Musical Express (NME),30,"If soukous and Congolese rumba sound exotic, the reality is as bland as yam quiche."

Observer Music Monthly,100,"The great thing about this follow-up is the way it builds on that foundation without lapsing into self-consciousness."
Uncut,100,"Where Manu Chao might have smoothed off some of the rough edges during his spell as co-producer, this album positively celebrates those grungier moments."
The A.V. Club,91,"Welcome To Mali sounds heavily produced but not overproduced, and even with the pings and whizzing, Amadous playing and the pairs singing insure it never sounds less than organic."
Dot Music,90,"This album feels like it's tuning into everything, connecting with everything. Welcome to Maii. And welcome to the future."
No Ripcord,90,"Welcome to Mali was one of 2008's hidden gems, so do yourself a favor and go check it out now."
Under The Radar,90,"Like all of Welcome To Mali, the underpinnings of 'I Think Of You' are fantastically layered, with a combination of precision timing and in-the-moment passion. [Winter 2009, p.68]"
Pitchfork,84,"This album is an affirmation of global connectivity and an emerging global culture that transcends and repurposes tradition as it sees fit--the sound of Mali merging with the world at large."
Entertainment Weekly,83,"The old formula, while rootsy, gains much from the injection of variety."
musicOMH.com,80,"Big production bombast in the latter half of the record--especially on 'Africa,' the English-language 'I Follow You' and the title track--could happily be skipped over, but there's at least half a record here that's as indispensible as it is likeable."
The Guardian,80,"This is Amadou and Mariam's album, and their Africa-pop crossover success continues."
Mojo,80,"Welcome to Mali celebrates its artificiality, flaunts its illegitimacy and waggles its infidelities in your face. Amadou & Mariam have just damned authenticite to an eternity in caducite. [Dec 2008, p.98]"
Sputnikmusic,80,"A couple of 50 year olds have just made the most vibrant, youthful record you'll hear all year. What's not to love?"
Q Magazine,80,"Truely, a voyage of discovery. [Jan 2009, p.121]"
Spin,80,"The follow-up (without Chao) is a more straightforward Afro-pop record, with a few exceptions."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Regardless of the frames built around them by producers or the press, Amadou and Mariam make great pop music, and their new album gives us more of it."
Billboard,80,"Welcome to Mali showcases the duo at some distance from its original, more elemental sound, but the overall feel is that of musical progress."
Urb,80,"But if this is not a problem for you (theres hardly a word of English), then youll enjoy the warm dialogue and glacial crooning of an ancient tongue presented over a psychedelic mix of some of the dark continents finest."
Austin Chronicle,78,"Dancing desert blues refract Parisian pop while still best at home in the title trance, 'Africa,' and hard-jangled closer 'Sekebe.'"
Blender,70,"The diversity isn't as effortless, but the pushier, poppier beats dislodge A&M from their polite safety zone. [Apr 2009, p.58]"
PopMatters,70,"It is not entirely strong and not entirely weak. It is not entirely anything. The strength, as always, lies in the couples songwriting aptitude."
Paste Magazine,55,"If the album is frustratingly uneven--if, despite moments of exuberance, it can also feel like a mundane grind--well, I suspect that also mirrors life in Mali. And almost everywhere else, too."

AllMusic,90,"Thank You Very Quickly is that rare thing in popular music as well as indie: that a band sticks it out long enough to find, among the various elements of its individuals, a real musical synthesis that creates a sound that is so much bigger than the sum of its parts."
Dusted Magazine,80,"In the newfound center on Thank You Very Quickly, Eagleson and company have stealthly transitioned from indie ethno-experimental vanguards to genuine Afro-Rock champions, erasing 7,000 miles of distance and so many years of history."
Prefix Magazine,80,"while Thank You Very Quickly is not shy about facing the challenges and horrors of certain parts of the world, it is defiant in its love for life in spite of struggle. It proclaims the power of working together and leaning on one another, no matter the circumstances."
Mojo,80,"This third disc, to be blunt, pisses over the competition. [Apr 2009, p.106]"
Pitchfork,75,"The music on Thank You Very Quickly is a triumph of a different sort. Extra Golden have conquered whatever divide there once was between rock and benga to create a distinct sound of their own that respects both traditions."
cokemachineglow,74,"Clocking in with around thirty five minutes of largely instrumental music, ones tempted to cast Thank You Very Quickly as a one-off, but both the bands communicable enthusiasm and obvious technical skill pull it off."
Spin,70,"This hybrid group -- two American indie vets and two Kenyan benga musicians--twist rock and African riffs into drum-head-tight grooves on their third album, a feast for multiethnic guitar nerds but also a lively mix that anyone can dance to."
PopMatters,70,"This is more than a charming throwback. Its a power statement made all the more remarkable when one considers the political and geographic obstacles the band continues to overcome."
Under The Radar,70,"These are heavy times, no question, and yet in the face of all our strife and conflict, Extra Golden make it look sso damned simple. [Spring 2009, p.71]"
The A.V. Club,67,"The bands third full-length features six tracks all hovering around the six-minute mark, and most mesh the contrasting styles with ease. One notable exception: Whenever an English-speaking vocal invades the unfortunately titled 'Fantasies Of The Orient,' things hover on the edge of portentous prog-rock at its worst."
The Guardian,60,"There are no new Obama tributes in this energetic and freewheeling set, mostly recorded in the laundry room of Eagleson's parents' house, but the six lengthy songs here show the band's potential."
Uncut,60,"The band push their mathematical lines into some great perverse shapes that occasionally remind of Fugazi, and even Yes. [May 2009, p.85]"

AllMusic,80,"He's come into his own carrying on the tradition of Afro-beat, but putting his own beautiful signature on it as its original heir."
Billboard,80,"Kuti studied piano and revisited the trumpet, his original instrument, resulting in a more textured and jazz-influenced approach this time out."
Mojo,80,"Finger-pointing music has rarely been as much fun. [Nov 2008, p.116]"
PopMatters,80,"Seven years was certainly worth the wait for Day by Day, one of the 2008s best releases. The album features all the hallmarks of a pop sensationtight arrangements with intoxicating hooks, rousing choruses, and sing-along vocals."
Entertainment Weekly,75,"Femi's always good for a few easy-riding horn grooves and political calls to arms that his old man would be proud of, which is more than most musicians not named Kuti can claim."
Austin Chronicle,67,"The album lacks the gut-punch intensity of brother Seun Kuti's recent debut, and the lyrics occasionally border on the trite, but Femi certainly lives up to the family name."
Observer Music Monthly,60,"Femi's new album suffers in comparison to Seun's  while the tracks are fairly enjoyable, Femi's lyrics are the usual worthy but clunking stuff."
Q Magazine,60,"Like his dad, he's more of a declaimer than a singer, but that's still plenty good enough to get his politicised sloganeering across. [Dec 2008, p.130]"
Spin,60,"Though Day by Day doesn't include any tracks as memorable as 1999's 'Beng Beng Beng,' Kuti still shines."
Uncut,60,"This is different (from his last studio album) again, the rhythms of Afrobeat now cleved to an ambitious jazziness. [Dec 2008, p.100]"

The Boston Phoenix,100,"Blending in traditional strings and flutes, singular soulful vocals, trenchant dub pockets, and inventive production flourishes, this is the most powerful contemporary release out of Ethiopia in years."
Billboard,80,"It's an intriguing, somewhat surprising collection of tunes. Oftentimes dub projects can be anchored in a recurrent groove, but Page has created a group of tracks that are quite distinctive."
The Guardian,80,"From the gently stomping reggae of Ophir Dub to the widescreen soundscape of Yeka Sub City Rockers, it's an exhilarating fusion."
AllMusic,80,"Strongly recommended to all adventurous dub fans."
Pitchfork,76,"British producer and Transglobal Underground vet Nick Page, aka Dub Colossus, got the ball bouncing with A Town Called Addis, an intriguing conflation of reggae and dub sensibilities with Ethiopian pop. It's an ingenious idea made more interesting by its roundabout mode of composition."
PopMatters,70,"In A Town Called Addis, Page and his collaborators have made an album that keeps you looking forward to whats ahead, wondering what new sounds and ideas the next track has to offer."
Q Magazine,60,"Occassionally the set suffers from too much studio polish and not enough grit. [Jan 2009, p.116]"

The Boston Phoenix,100,"The music is neither bastardized nor precious, just a riveting reflection of the ongoing allure and paradox that is the Congo."
The A.V. Club,91,"The result is even more appealing than Konono, drawing on likembes, the buzzing and drum-like tam tam, electric guitars, and half a dozen vocalists to create hypnotic, rich, complex polyrhythmic wonders."
AllMusic,90,"The sound is terrific, the presentation is handsome, the sound and selection are amazing; and negotiations with musicians are not done on colonial terms."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),83,"It serves up the distorted buzz Congotronics fans jones for, sonics that are generally raunchy even though the thumb pianos also generate balafon beauty, and five lead singers."
Blender,80,"In a style gentler and more richly textured than the crudely amplified minimalism of the series debut by Konono N1, the songs swell in and out of expansive and hypnotic patterns, forming clouds of interwoven rhythms."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Less encumbered by the colonial detritus of Konono's overdriven drums-meet-junkyard sound, the Allstars let the rhythm section breathe and get funky with indigenous instrumentation. No distortion necessary."
The Guardian,80,"Making use of relentless, repeated riffs, matched again chanting drum patterns and occasional guitar solos, their often lengthy songs are exhilarating, edgy and at times downright spooky."
Village Voice,80,"The clever (and accurate) branding that associated the warm, metallic grids of those thumb pianos (or likembes) with repetitive electronic music. On that front, 7th Moon doesn't disappoint a bit."
Uncut,80,"Most compelling are the variety of vocals--some spoken, some hollered, some sung in spinetingling harmonies. [Sep 2008, p.98]"
Mojo,80,"The Allstars have that same dynamism plus a similarly brutal rhythm section, which sounds like a billion wasps playing Sister Ray in your brain, but they have found some missing ingredients, such as melody and variation. [Sep 2008, p.112]"
The Wire,80,"This is a beautiful record, but I wish it had a little more chaos in it. [Oct 2008, p.58]"
Pitchfork,78,"This album is a vital addition to the Congotronics series, and anyone who's enjoyed the series so far needs to hear it."
Rolling Stone,70,"Mostly they provide gentle melodic loops familiar to fans of old-school soukous and indie-rock fusionists like Vampire Weekend. But sometimes they break ranks."
Under The Radar,70,"It's an enchanting education in styles we unjustly rarely hear from. [Fall 2008, p.89]"
Spin,70,"Buoyant voices erupt in urgent chants, while xylophones, thumb pianos, and percussion create a swirling, hallucinatory web of sound equal to the freakiest psychedelia. [Oct 2008, p.114]"
PopMatters,60,"In their multi-ethnic make-up, the face-painted, twenty-something strong Allstars chant a slightly more devolved game than fellow marimba manglers Konono No.1, but the cumulative effect is similar, a sustained concussion of sound, a kind of sonic vertigo that subverts the clich of Congo as perpetual victim."

Drowned In Sound,80,"Hera Ma Nono still possesses an often awkward transition between the jarring Kenyan and North American influences, but this also essentially provides Extra Golden with their character."
Dusted Magazine,80,"As with their earlier release, Extra Golden seems to shine particularly in two speeds: an amped up tango rhythm that seems to accompany the more soul-driven songs, and a faster gallop that tends to yield the most sweat"
Stylus Magazine,75,"Hera Ma Nono improves on 'Ok-Oyot System' in almost every way: the guitar sounds are more vibrant (padded with reverbs, phasers, and other bubbly what-have-yous); the songs hang together better as a record; the slide between Swahili, English, and Luo is as effortless and colorful as good pidgin; and, most importantly, it usually gets at--or at least hints at--African musics most cherished balance: unhurriedness with a pulse."
Pitchfork,74,"Unlike 'Ok-Oyot System,' Hera Ma Nono credits all songs to the band, as opposed to individual band members, and no doubt the results sound more cohesive as well."
Blender,70,"The 2005 AIDS-related death of Extra Golden cofounder Otieno Jagwasi shades the follow-up to last years rough yet lovable 'Ok-Oyot System.'"
cokemachineglow,70,"Moments on Hera Ma Nono sound a little AOR for a label as experimental as Thrill Jockey, and one suspects that a tasteful re-branding is all that's keeping Extra Golden and their fascinating dance music from the heights of legitimacy currently enjoyed by much less challenging, much less 'World' bands."
PopMatters,70,"The songs themselves are trimmer and sweeter than they were on the first album, and the outro is inspired."
Under The Radar,70,"The songs on Hera Ma Nono are long, but the band is effective enough to maintain interest. [Fall 2007, p.73]"
No Ripcord,70,"They've just released their second very good album, Hera Ma Nono, and the collaboration is still positive and unforced."
Lost At Sea,65,"Overall, Hera Ma Nono left a good impression with several notable points, however, there will be no drooling this time around."

Los Angeles Times,100,"Now, like an intermittent short-wave transmission that suddenly catches a clear and vivid frequency, Radiolina comes into sharp focus, defining a mature sound in a mesmerizing collection of 21 new tracks."
Observer Music Monthly,100,"An album packed with tuneful songs that would sound great coming out of radio speakers."
Uncut,100,"La Radiolina reaches out beyond it's core audience to a universal constituency, not so much a world music record as a global-rock mission statement."
Filter,92,"La Radiolina emerges as a delicious bouillabaisse of gypsy punk, reggae and countless indigenous sounds, expertly stirred by a band of brawling pirates who plunder each port for musical spices and then add them to the cauldron."
Entertainment Weekly,91,"And though he sings mostly in French or Spanish, Chao's music is so sonically vivid, so gloriously evocative, translation seems almost superfluous."
The A.V. Club,91,"He's a one-man musical melting pot who synthesizes several continents' worth of ideas, sounds, and slogans into one swinging all-night dance party. This is internationalism at its funkiest."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),91,"This is a speedier pop suite suitable for dancing or straightening up the flat."
Amazon.com,80,"Lead single 'Rainin in Paradize' alone should propel Chao (ne Oscar Tramor) into the kind of stateside fame he's long enjoyed in Europe and South America."
Billboard,80,"With poetic melancholy, absurdist whimsy and direct shout-outs to a world no more just than it was on his last album, there's enough to carry fans until Chao's next one."
Hartford Courant,80,"The jumble of languages and sounds gives La Radiolina the feel of a noisy, colorful street bazaar where there's chaotic beauty on the surface and a certain poetic logic that runs underneath."
musicOMH.com,80,"It's an anarchic mix which is fun, exuberant and passionate."
Paste Magazine,80,"One of the most poignant protest albums released since the U.S. invaded Iraq."
Blender,80,"Chaos jovial, chatty, Spanish-English-French crooning helps the ADD sensibility flow into something that feels like a happy incantation rather than a protesters harangue against George Bush."
NOW Magazine,80,"On La Radiolina, an unmistakable molotov cocktail of fierce resistance anthems, Manu Chao continues to do what he does best."
Pitchfork,75,"The album is not as wholly satisfying as either 'Clandestino' or 'Esperanza,' mostly due to a handful of truncated, underdeveloped tracks toward the end, but it's still full of excellent songs and inspired collisions."
Hot Press,75,"Chao is at best when merging his Latin/salsa influences with squealing, screeching garage-rock."
Rolling Stone,70,"Eventually La Radiolina's more guitar-based sonics will feel inevitable too, especially once you follow the same dynamic riff through three consecutive songs up front."
Vibe,70,"He's largely a victim of his own goodwill, sounding consistently exuberant, even when the message--'Politik Kills,' say--seems to beg for more. [Nov 2007, p.98]"
Stylus Magazine,67,"A bit jumbled together and disorienting, but overall just about as rejuvenating as anything."
cokemachineglow,63,"It's a safe album, almost exactly what you'd expect from Chao. The artist continues to be the best (perhaps only) provider out there of Clash-inspired polylingual punk rock, but for a musician who built his solo reputation on quirkiness and innovation, the disc feels a bit flat."
The Guardian,60,"There are some great songs here, including the infuriatingly catchy 'Politik Kills' along with the swirling catalogue of global problems, 'Rainin in Paradize,' and the charmingly upbeat 'Besoin de la Lune.' Then there's the Spanish-influenced 'Me Llaman Calle,' and a furious wailing French rocker about motorway panic--followed by a batch of songs that mostly sound like Manu Chao on cruise control."
The New York Times,60,"The disappointment of La Radiolina is that Manu Chaos music isnt as arrestingly odd as it used to be. Too often his bands ska-punk gets uncomfortably close to dull rock, and the repetition doesnt communicate we are all singing the same song"
Spin,60,"Though his global messages aren't particularly deep, his skilled, spirited execution sets him apart from other peacenik troubadours. [Oct 2007, p.101]"
Q Magazine,60,"[In the UK], he's still something of a curiousity and likely to remain so, despite Tristeza Maleza's sweet, summery lilt and the Bob Marley-like festival anthem 'Politik Kills.'"
The Boston Phoenix,50,"La Radiolina is the most rockist album of his solo career--and also the most disappointing."
Austin Chronicle,40,"Desgraciadamente, that's when Radiolina smashes against the wall. Fragments--stadium chants--rather than songs compound a larger issue of 'Rainin in Paradize' drenching the rest of the album."
Mojo,40,"In Europe, Manu Chao shifts albums by the millions, but there is little here to make one think Britain is missing out. [Oct 2007, p.104]"

Under The Radar,90,"The results are what you would expect given its pedigree. In fact, its hard to imagine Gainsbourg and company pulling this off any better. [#17, p.85]"
Dot Music,80,"How does such a rich soup of chromosomes and hired help come together? In a tinkly, whispery trinket that deserves a place on the stereo of every right-thinking beatnik."
musicOMH.com,80,"Everyone involved seems to work well together."
Playlouder,80,"'5:55' is a welcome addition to the Gainsbourg family's musical legacy, and we can't give any higher compliment than that."
The Guardian,80,"What stops 5:55 being a well-meaning pastiche, what makes the album touching rather ghoulish, is the sheer quality of the songwriting."
AllMusic,80,"As good as the atmospheric heartache of the first half of 5:55 is, it's on the second half, when Gainsbourg and her crew stretch out a bit, that the album really gets interesting."
Urb,80,"It's a delicate album that's simultaneously sophisticated and warm. [Apr 2007, p.106]"
Blender,80,"This odd cast creates strangely beautiful moods. [May 2007, p.104]"
Prefix Magazine,80,"A stunning, grandiose pop record."
Boston Globe,80,"These gauzy songs are an ideal fit for Gainsbourg's dreamy, impossibly light voice."
The A.V. Club,75,"The results are predictably dramatic, but the album succeeds because nothing is blown out of proportion; Gainsbourg doesn't have the best voice on the planet, but her seductive breathiness helps boost all the subtleties."
PopMatters,70,"Chan Marshall or Feist she isnt, but her beguiling charisma makes up for any lack of vocal chops."
Magnet,70,"The results are everything you'd expect from the guys responsible for Pulp's This Is Hardcore, Air's Moon Safari and Beck's Sea Change. [#75, p.98]"
Hartford Courant,70,"A collection of sleepy, emotionally blunt songs that feel whispered from the wee hours."
Austin Chronicle,67,"She sounds forever Gainsbourg  not a bad thing in this case."
Mojo,60,"It's definitely in the family tradition. [Oct 2006, p.112]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Breathy, sophisticated and existentially troubled. [2 Sep 2006, p.19]"
Uncut,60,"All the elements are there, but somehow 5:55 doesn't gel as it should. [Oct 2006, p.124]"
Pitchfork,58,"A stylish but stilted pastiche, 5:55 follows a decade's worth of mostly superior homages, often involving the same artists."
cokemachineglow,58,"Make no mistake, this is a slight record, but nonetheless one with more than a few enjoyable moments."
Q Magazine,40,"It feels awkward. [Oct 2006, p.119]"

AllMusic,90,"There isn't a weak moment here as everything is organized, beautifully arranged, and never feels pushed or forced."
Urb,90,"[Security] delivers a treasure trove of eclectic beats, energetic sounds, political musings and agreeable voices that come together in a perfect musical statement. [Mar 2007, p.96]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"Security is absolutely accessible, with a broad, potentially surprising appeal for those willing to listen."
Filter,86,"This funk is organic. [#24, p.90]"
Magnet,80,"Security brings new elements to the mix without compromising Antibalas' fundamental power. [#75, p.94]"
Austin Chronicle,78,"Security delivers more epic, horn-thrusted, and tightly woven songs to launch booty into duty."
The A.V. Club,75,"With seven songs lasting about an hour, Security can be a challenging listen without a party and a packed dance floor."
Billboard,70,"'Security' lunges in a new experimental direction every few minutes... but never strays far from the groove, nor its compelling indignation. [10 Mar 2007]"
Rolling Stone,70,"This is big-time party music, plain and simple."
Spin,70,"Surprisingly subdued. [Mar 2007, p.86]"
Boston Globe,70,"The album's lengthy tracks are daunting for the casual listener, but the CD casts a spell reminiscent in its raw power and political fervor of TV on the Radio's triumphant 'Return to Cookie Mountain.'"
PopMatters,70,"Security offers an insightful and excitable polyrhythmic spree for newcomers and lovers of afrobeat alike."
Under The Radar,70,"A series of songs that showcase their exceptional musicianship. [#17, p.98]"
Vibe,70,"Here the production of Chicago post-rock maven John McEntire distends their horns... and fractures their beats. [Apr 2007, p.132]"
Uncut,70,"Their mission sounds increasingly convincing. [May 2007, p.87]"
The Guardian,60,"Seven years on from their first album, Antibalas have developed into an unexpectedly varied, sophisticated band."
Blender,60,"The bands fourth album turns down the roiling boil of 2004s What Is This America? to a seductive simmer."
NOW Magazine,60,"Perhaps the thinking is that a softer, subtler approach will make Antibalas more palatable to a wider audience. Unfortunately, it's come at the cost of what originally made their music so exciting."
Stylus Magazine,58,"The explorations of Security arent exactly shattering, but theyre refreshing."
Hartford Courant,50,"Essential background music, if such a thing exists."

The Boston Phoenix,100,"The son has a strong, pleasing voice and an easy facility with the sort of thereal, filigree guitar picking that served the father so well."
AllMusic,80,"He's already a masterful player in his own right and he has his ear cocked toward the future, not only the past."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Inevitably, Vieux Farka Toure is not in the same league as his father. But he has still managed to make a very impressive and enjoyable debut album."
PopMatters,80,"This debut release from Vieux Farka Tour displays a precocious mastery of form."
The Guardian,80,"Vieux already sounds like his [father's] natural heir, with confidence, expertise and a style of his own."
Boston Globe,70,"He enjoys modern arrangements and judicious cross-genre excursions that edge up on reggae and rock, and when he lets go, his guitar lines possess the playful muscularity of a tussle among rambunctious friends."
BBC collective,70,"It's perfect for passing down the crown of Malian desert blues."

The Boston Phoenix,100,"A brilliant shot of Veloso the pop composer."
Stylus Magazine,91,"Ce is Caetano Veloso's 40th albumand the first in many years to make the hairs on the back of one's neck stand up."
Entertainment Weekly,83,"What transforms this set into more than antsy retro guitar rock is Veloso's supple vocals and stylistic experimentation. [26 Jan 2007, p.73]"
Billboard,80,"The disc spotlights Veloso blasting off with raw, beat-driven fuel in the company of a band of youngsters who animate and invigorate him. [27 Jan 2007]"
Blender,80,"Joyous and limber. [Mar 2007, p.136]"
The New York Times,80,"Hes still singing with his usual soft, focused concentration, and in the rough textures and gaping silences of the band are strong melodies that point back to his simpler records from the mid-70s, like Qualquer Coisa and Joia. Embedded in it too are some of Mr. Velosos best lyrics of the last 20 years. [22 Jan 2007]"
Amazon.com,70,"The freshness of the arrangements appeals throughout."
Boston Globe,70,"Veloso's voice and songs are newly elastic, inspired by the economy and daring of the trio of electric guitar, bass, and drums that accompanies his acoustic pluck."
Village Voice,70,"The brightest, weirdest spotslags are around but ultimately forgivableare thrilling."
Dusted Magazine,70,"It is quite elegant in its clarity and cleanliness."
AllMusic,60,"Ce is an enjoyable, finely crafted, and elegantly executed album, but at the same time very far from Caetano's best."
Austin Chronicle,40,"The album's midsection goes limp."

Entertainment Weekly,100,"An elegant summation of his work. [11 Aug 2006, p.69]"
Observer Music Monthly,100,"All we need to know is, he was a master and this is his masterwork."
The Guardian,100,"This is an African classic."
Stylus Magazine,100,"Savane stands out both as Ali Farka Tours masterpiece, and as one of contemporary African musics finest achievements to date."
Amazon.com,90,"His unsentimental, voluptuously masculine, spirit-guided magic is captured at its best, for all time, in this magnificent farewell."
Billboard,90,"'Savane' is without question one of the finest efforts in his legendary discography."
Austin Chronicle,89,"One of his most accomplished recordings."
Pitchfork,81,"It is beautiful, emotive music, literally and figuratively entrancing."
PopMatters,80,"This final record shows Tour still brimming with vitality. Savane is his wonderful farewell gift."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Probably the most gutsy, timeless recording of his career. [5 Aug 2006, p.29]"
Under The Radar,80,"A work that deserves every bit of praise that it receives. [#15]"

Billboard,80,"Continues in [the debut's] innovative spirit, both elemental and experimental. [15 Apr 2006]"
musicOMH.com,80,"The trip-hop stylings have been toned down to a murmur as traditional Latino structures and devices come waltzing gloriously to the fore."
BBC collective,80,"If youre after dark, bloody romance with a twist, look no further."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Lunatico won't alienate fans by having evolved too fast, nor disappoint by excessively rehashing old themes."
AllMusic,80,"Lunatico is a brave and exotic experiment."
Uncut,80,"More organic and less electronic... but... still thrillingly left-field. [Jun 2006, p.106]"
Entertainment Weekly,75,"A bit formulaic, but winning. [14 Apr 2006, p.86]"
Amazon.com,70,"More skilled than the debut, Lunatico is no sophomore slump, though hardcore house music fans may want to wait for remixes."
PopMatters,70,"The dance tracks are collectively less distinctive than the slower, more calculated pieces, but still well enough constructed to stay interesting throughout for the sake of dancing or listening."
Urb,70,"It is quickly clear that Gotan Project have focused and finely tuned their mission during their hiatus. [May 2006, p.86]"
The Guardian,60,"Domingo dances well between old and new musics, but elsewhere the disc can feel like a dream about tango."
NOW Magazine,60,"Dreamy and hypnotic, alternating between sparse and lush, these tunes' tempos tend to stay down, and things can get pretty stagnant, but there's a great sense of ambience and mood."
Q Magazine,60,"Succeeds in sounding exotic. [Jun 2006, p.115]"

Stylus Magazine,100,"Pagode will probably be the best love album of the year (and maybe one of the best, period) because Z has always understood that you can explore feelings without just expressing them."
Spin,100,"Unlike many rockers who cherish childlike ideals only to fall prey to amateurism or whimsy, Ze is aware that kids are both complex in their inventions and earnest in their intentions. [May 2006, p.93]"
Village Voice (Consumer Guide),91,"No other Brazilian composer defies cultural boundaries so eloquently."
PopMatters,90,"On a very basic level, this CD is a fun, weird, nifty album of Brazilian pop music, and can easily be enjoyed as such. Unpeel the layers, and you will reap even greeter rewards, revealing a creative treatise on the rights of women in society."
cokemachineglow,89,"This is the new definitive rock opera."
Entertainment Weekly,83,"A sprightly psych-pop disc overflowing with exquisite melodies and cooing female voices. [14 Apr 2006, p.86]"
AllMusic,80,"To Ze's credit, the concept never overshadows the songs which, at their heart, are pop songs."
Filter,80,"He forges yet another new vision: one that involves psych rock, quirky funk and bossa nova as much as it does hip-hop and electronica. [#19, p.104]"
Uncut,80,"In Ze's hands Tropicalia is still a potent, living artistic force. [Jul 2006, p.118]"
Blender,80,"Folding in lean funk, tender arias and as many catchy tunes as West Side Story, Ze makes his cryptic polemic perfectly enticing. [Jul 2006, p.105]"
Pitchfork,79,"Estudando o Pagode is an impressive album, musically, conceptually, and lyrically, and the cast of musicians and singers Z assembled delivers on his singular vision."
Los Angeles Times,75,"'Estudando'... turns mere ideological target practice into surreal and kaleidoscopic musical theater. [9 Apr 2006]"
The New York Times,70,"He's both analytical, distilling songs down to essential parts, and whimsical in his fondness for funny noises. [10 Apr 2006]"
Rolling Stone,70,"Its dizzying counterpoints, seductive crooning and orgasmic yelps will definitely heat up your next cocktail party."

Entertainment Weekly,100,"More diverse than the series debut. [3 Mar 2006, p.102]"
Stylus Magazine,91,"Congotronics 2 sticks closely to the sonics of the first volume, possibly because the bands do actually sound similar, or possibly because the bands have been recorded in similar fashion."
Village Voice (Consumer Guide),91,"This being anthropology, pretty much, a sampler is the ideal introduction."
AllMusic,80,"Highly recommended."
Dusted Magazine,80,"This compilation goes for breadth where Kononos Congotronics went for depth."
Village Voice,80,"The pace isn't all breakneck; vocal approaches range from blanket chanting to raucous call-and-response, and some stretches are plain-gasp--pretty."
Pitchfork,79,"While the sounds of these bands will certainly be familiar to fans of Konono, there is a remarkable amount of variety on the disc."
PopMatters,70,"This is exciting music, and Congotronics 2, with its good new bands, extrapolates fruitfully on Congotronics."
Uncut,70,"Initially seems more listener-friendly than Volume 1... [but] Congotronics remains radical listening. [Jan 2006, p.125]"
Under The Radar,70,"Sounds like nothing else in modern music. [#13, p.96]"
NOW Magazine,60,"It didn't take long to turn the novel clank and grind of Kinshasa junkyard techno assault unit Konono No. 1 into an easy-to-use formula with enormous money-making potential."
Rolling Stone,60,"Check the track by Sobanza Mimanisa, who add guitar and more melody to the mix, as well as the accompanying DVD, which beautifully documents the recording of the CD."
Prefix Magazine,60,"What's lacking this time around is the cohesiveness of the Konono No. 1 record."

musicOMH.com,80,"This is a quality piece of craftsmanship and there isn't a weak point on the album."
Entertainment Weekly,75,"As an urbane soundtrack for sucking venti lattes, this Starbucks-sponsored set of gentle samba-jazz-rap is a pleasant surprise. [24 Feb 2006, p.64]"
Billboard,70,"An intriguing change of pace. [18 Feb 2006]"
Lost At Sea,70,"Timeless is a step up for will.i.am and a step down for Sergio Mendes, somewhere between decency and exceptionality."
Urb,70,"Though sometimes bordering on earnest kitsch... the bulk of material plays out as inventive reconstruction. [Mar 2006, p.114]"
The A.V. Club,67,"At its best, Timeless has an airy, effervescent quality, a beguiling smoothness. At its worst, it sounds like a lackluster Will.I.Am solo album that just happens to have Sergio Mendes sitting in on keys."
Rolling Stone,60,"When Timeless succeeds, it's beautiful, boundary-breaking music."
AllMusic,60,"Timeless is a mixed bag, but it's not because of Mendes. His own playing and arranging is utterly elegant."
PopMatters,60,"Someone mistakenly told Will that his talent deserved to be showcased more than the other guest artists on this album, and it winds up turning what could have been a fantastic genre cross-pollination experiment into a slightly better than average album almost ruined by a guy who needs someone to tell him to stay on the other side of the microphone a little more."
Q Magazine,60,"When samba's beat is uppermost, the music takes off. [May 2006, p.129]"
Mojo,60,"A solo album with not enough of the soloist. [Jun 2006, p.102]"
E! Online,58,"It's a well-produced disc, but the cavalcade of stars and cartoonish beats make the songs sound more dated than the originals."
Paste Magazine,50,"Timeless sounds like a pop-charts-and-trends magazine exploded in the studio. [Apr/May 2006, p.115]"
Stylus Magazine,42,"Timeless falls awkwardly between Buena Vista Social Club and Santanas latter-day Rolodex albums, deftly combining multi-culti good intentions with the bathos of a great artist aiming squarely at commercial revival."
Prefix Magazine,30,"A predictable, oversimplified, boring mess."
The New York Times,30,"The shiny new beats in 'Timeless' weaken the groove that existed in songs like 'Mas Que Nada,' 'Berimbau' and 'Surfboard' even before Mr. Mendes got to them 40 years ago. [13 Feb 2006]"
Under The Radar,20,"Safe and uninspired.... This is the type of MOR impulse buy that will eventually pollute used-CD bins everywhere across the world. [#13, p.93]"

Dusted Magazine,100,"One of the most important anthologies to come along in quite a while."
Entertainment Weekly,100,"A perfect mix of giddy tropical rhythms and Beatles-style experimentation. [27 Jan 2006, p.85]"
Stylus Magazine,100,"Not every classic song from the era is here, but yes, if you do choose to own only one Tropiclia disc, then this should be the one."
Pitchfork,95,"Though omissions are certain to be an issue for cratedigging obsessives, this collection is as flawless a primer as has ever been made available on a single disc."
The Guardian,90,"And whereas the dark era that began with a military coup in 1964 is now relegated to Brazil's history, the music it inspired sounds fresher and more provocative than ever."
Dot Music,90,"This release at least gives some sense of the visual brilliance, media spectacle and utter fertility of artistic energy that came together in Tropicalia."
Mojo,80,"Vibrant, vividly colourful and high spirited. [Jan 2006, p.146]"
Q Magazine,80,"The wild rhythms, unusual arrangements and often manic energy of the selections here still resonate. [Jan 2006, p.139]"
Uncut,80,"As primers go, it's close to definitive. [Mar 2006, p.112]"
ShakingThrough.net,80,"Granted, those who have the David Byrne-endorsed Everything Is Possible sampler of Os Mutantes' hottest cuts will find less value here, but Tropicalia serves as a decently comprehensive introduction to an essential period in music history."

AllMusic,90,"Part traditional, part African rhumba, part smart avant-garde electronica, Congotronics is the sound of an urban junkyard band simultaneously weaving the past and the future into one amazingly coherent structure, and not only that, you can dance to it."
Amazon.com,90,"Truly remarkable... Fans of Fela and the Ethiopiques discs will dig this, as will fans of the Notwist, Prefuse 73 and Aphex Twin."
Dusted Magazine,90,"Almost classically psychedelic at times, with the overdriven saturation of too much light, motion and volume applied to every aspect of the music, this ensemble... represents the best of gritty, pre-funk groove music, Day-Glo popcorn cooking in gasoline, rattling like a machine gun."
Stylus Magazine,83,"This tapestry of homemade instruments gives the mythology of Konono a potent, raw edge, and the ferocity with which they play them only further substantiates the feeling that the music has been pushed into a raw, indelibly pure zone."
Almost Cool,83,"It's something that could appeal to everyone from fans of Can to Fela to Kompakt. This is inspiring stuff."
Mojo,80,"Stick on the nine minutes of opener Lufuala Ndonga, turn the bottom end up and stand back. What happens next is unbelievable. [May 2005, p.98]"
PopMatters,80,"At once ancient and modern."
The Guardian,80,"This could be one of the unexpected successes of the year. Play it very loud."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"I simply cannot imagine what it would be like to see these guys live, but follow up that New Order at your next dance party with some Congotronics and people will be bouncing off the walls."
The Wire,80,"As you try to sift through the dense crosstalk of twittering beats, your ears are beguiled ever deeper into Konono's rhythmic threshing machine. [#253, p.52]"
Pitchfork,79,"It's among the most fascinating music I've heard and deserves a listen by anyone with even the remotest interest in the possibilities of sound."

Neumu.net,95,"Chvez Ravine works because, ultimately, it isn't a history lesson or museum piece. It's the sound of musicians, now on the periphery, playing and singing the music they love."
Entertainment Weekly,91,"A ghostly meditation on the culture of forgetting. [8 Jul 2005, p.68]"
Billboard,90,"A masterwork of insight and delight."
Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"It hits very close to musical documentary with very few of the abstraction perils that usually haunt artists in converting ideas to their medium."
Paste Magazine,90,"What makes the album so amazing is its ability to balance poignancy and fun."
AllMusic,90,"Chavez Ravine is easily the most ambitious thing in Cooder's catalog, and it just may be the grand opus of his career."
Los Angeles Times,88,"Cooder manages to make his work both cynical and idealistic. But most importantly, it's authentic. [12 Jun 2005]"
The Guardian,80,"It's a very clever album, and at times easier to admire than to simply enjoy because there is so much going on."
Uncut,80,"With Chavez Ravine he has performed another ethnomusicological miracle, opening a can of worms while drawing us deep into the musical heart of a lost community. [Jul 2005, p.90]"
Q Magazine,80,"A self-contained gem. [Jul 2005, p.112]"
Mojo,80,"Conjunto, corrido and jazz emerge from and mingle with R&B and pop as the band follow the story from innocent beginnings to the tragic, bitter end. [Jul 2005, p.98]"
The A.V. Club,80,"Chvez Ravine never romanticizes its subject. It simply makes it seem unnatural that any place where people lived, dreamed, died, and formed a neighborhood could be made to disappear."
The New York Times,80,"Its seriousness never makes it earthbound. Mr. Cooder brings to it all he has learned from a career delving into odd corners of American and world music. [13 Jun 2005]"
musicOMH.com,80,"Though it might not be as rewarding a listening experience as Cooder's Cuban albums, this is still a set that demands repeated hearing, and I doubt there'll be another record as lovingly crafted as this all year."
ShakingThrough.net,78,"Chvez Ravine suffers from an uneven flow due to the varying quality of the material."
Stylus Magazine,75,"Chavez Ravine drags occasionally, the result of too many serious narratives, but the stories that do work are jaw-droppingly simple and painfully familiar."
Amazon.com,70,"The result is an CD that sounds like it's aspiring to be something far more ambitious: a DVD, a theatrical production, even a time machine."
Rolling Stone,70,"Cooder has delivered a remarkable song cycle that tells the story -- a sort of brilliant and flavorful film-noir history lesson that samples the past freely."

The Wire,90,"There is no fake authenticity in this musical exploration, and Herren's musical palette is impressively wide ranging. [#241, p.63]"
PopMatters,90,"Apropa't pulses with sensual rhythms, lush harmonies, and ethereal forms that weave together to create a truly amazing aural experience."
Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"While it may be the most unfamiliar work of Herrens discography, its still one of the years first great albums."
Filter,82,"An album awash in evocative warmth. [#9, p.111]"
Dot Music,80,"Towards the end, Herren's love of the glitch tentatively tries to reassert itself, but poetry and seductiveness manage to pacify it for the duration."
Mojo,80,"A better advert for time-share life it's hard to imagine. [Feb 2004, p.102]"
Uncut,80,"As good a record, in fact, as anything this gifted polymath has ever released. [Feb 2004, p.82]"
No Ripcord,80,"Side projects rarely eclipse their protagonists main works, but Apropat is one radical departure that finds the players perfectly aligning themselves to each other so convincingly that its hard to imagine Herren looking back again."
Neumu.net,80,"Apropa't has a tendency at first to gently wash over you, striking no particular chord. But as you pay closer attention to the music, the melodic wash of it all becomes one of its addictive qualities."
Stylus Magazine,71,"Apropats biggest flaw could be the use of Eva Puyuelo Muns vocals. Perhaps Im accustomed primarily to Herrens music as instrumental, but the use of Eva feels painfully forced at times."
Q Magazine,70,"So intimate and sad you can almost see the candles flickering. [Mar 2004, p.110]"
Dusted Magazine,70,"His most personal recording yet."
Logo,70,"Here their ambient electro is enhanced with a melange of influences that include soul, jazz and - a real winner this - Brazilian psychedelia."
Pitchfork,69,"This may be Herren's least accessible project to date."
Playlouder,60,"'Apropa't' sounds as organic as a dump and as lush as a drizzly sunset."
AllMusic,60,"Listeners who expect a batch of immediately compelling music from any Herren material will be sorely disappointed here; Apropa't pulls way back from his upfront Prefuse work and delivers a record of music so sparsely textured it barely raises off the surface."
Junkmedia,50,"Classical guitars, mellow piano chords and brushed drums lope across the proceedings like yawning animals still awaiting their first caffeinated jolt of the day."
Village Voice,40,"This is the kind of thing indie boys put on when they want to have sex."

Village Voice,90,"The mightiest alterlatino album in many years. The sound is more rock-oriented and vibrant, and the band has actually learned to write songs."
Logo,90,"Something new has been born here; its parents are every form of dance and many forms of rock, and it rolls."
Entertainment Weekly,83,"Gives Kinky's vacuum-tight sound some breathing room. [5 Dec 2003, p.98]"
Spin,83,"Sure to rule clubs and fashion runways from Milan to Monterrey. [Jan 2004, p.100]"
Blender,80,"The most original spin on indie-pop in years. [Dec 2003, p.140]"
Launch.com,80,"Tito Puente meets Daft Punk!"
AllMusic,80,"With Atlas, Latin rock quintet Kinky move closer to actual rock than the electronic pop of their 2001 debut allowed."
Pitchfork,72,"Electronic music that genuinely rocks."
Alternative Press,70,"Atlas may lack the overall inventiveness of Kinky's self-titled debut, but the album still finds the Mexican electro-funk rockers in fine form. [Feb 2004, p.88]"
Urb,70,"As sophomore albums go, Atlas is far from sophomoric. [Feb 2004, p.79]"
E! Online,67,"Kinky, however, gets tangled up when they attempt to rock out in English, and the odd rhymes and dated '80s vibe taint their musical revolution."
Rolling Stone,60,"Kinky's stylish, easygoing concoctions offer a pleasant diversion, but they are too lightweight to match the creative ambition of the better Latin bands out there."
Uncut,60,"It's a less daring enterprise overall. [May 2004, p.106]"
The Guardian,40,"They can surely do far, far better."

Dusted Magazine,90,"Sometimes it seems almost sleight-of-hand that any music could have so much going on and yet be so spacious."
Amazon.com,90,"Rootsy and undeniable, The Intercontinentals is yet another Frisellian work of genius."
PopMatters,90,"Simultaneously adventurous, beautiful, and full of depth."
AllMusic,90,"This is a remarkable album; it sets a new water mark for Frisell's sense of adventure and taste, and displays his perception of beauty in a pronounced, uncompromising, yet wholly accessible way."
Mojo,80,"The result is laidback and chilled. [Apr 2003, p.104]"
Blender,70,"An album of languid grooves and slowly descending melodies. [#16, p.117]"
Village Voice (Consumer Guide),67,"Every once in a while a drone or pattern emerges, reminding me of what I treasure most in 'world music'-- articulated rhythm. Then he gets some tech genie or steel player to throw on another synth substitute and it's back to the miasma."

E! Online,100,"Walk's mellow mood sidesteps the usual overly melodramatic soundtrack hoo-ha for a journey that works as well on the stereo as it does on the screen."
Entertainment Weekly,91,"Has the same ethereal grace as Passion. [21 June 2002, p.85]"
Billboard,80,"'Long Walk Home' passes the ultimate soundtrack test: it stands alone beautifully, capably supporting the work of director Phillip Noyce while at the same time feeling like a natural and fluid extension of Gabriel's own distinctive artistic vision."
AllMusic,80,"It's not a splashy comeback, then, but a quiet return to something Gabriel does best --  creating soundscapes that are at once alien and familiar, eerie yet comforting."
CDNow,70,"Unemotional throughout, Long Walk Home is without obvious peaks of joy or valleys of sorrow, offering instead a steadfast, unerring journey."
Launch.com,60,"Even in a blindfold test, you'd probably guess it was his creation. That's both how distinctive and predictable he's become."
Q Magazine,40,"The synthesised tropical shimmers, buzzings of insects and blat of helicopter blades largely lack the momentum to sustain interest outside the cinema. [Jul 2002, p.112]"

Launch.com,80,"Brilliantly combining Spanish dialogue and hauntingly serene vocals with conga, timbales, accordion, cheesy organ, and funky guitar, Kinky intertwines it all with coiling bass, mad samples, and sexy synthetic grooves."
Ink Blot Magazine,80,"All in all, a really great debut for this quintet."
Blender,80,"With a thick strain of the DJ humor found in the music of De La Soul and Daft Punk, Kinky know no borders, slapping Mexican norteno with techno until it sounds like neither. [Apr/May 2002, p.114]"
Stylus Magazine,76,"Kinky has the potential to transcend both the dance and Latin music genres, simply because of their ability to do just a little bit more than whats expected."
Uncut,70,"Think the Chemical Brothers meet Flaco Jiminez and you'll get the idea. [Jan 2003, p.119]"
Rolling Stone,70,"Despite the band's electronic trappings, Kinky has a visceral, funky feel to it."
Playlouder,70,"Consistent and cleanly sexy stuff."
Mixer,70,"The album is witty and fun and will appeal to a wide variety of people. [Apr 2002, p.82]"
AllMusic,60,"This is international music, not intended merely for Kinky's native Mexico. Actually, it's more intended for trendy music cultures such as those of Europe and the U.S. -- a sort of Spanish update for the early 2000s of the late-'90s electronica/rock sound associated with groups like Prodigy and Primal Scream."
Urb,60,"Updates the happy-fi Plastilina Mosh sound into a pop-friendly mix of hip-hop, funk and lounge-y atmospheres. [May 2002, p.116]"

