Punknews.org (Staff),80,"There's confidence in the slower tempos and meatier hooks that add as sense of foreboding to these 11 songs. [Apr 2016, p.99]"
Sputnikmusic,80,"This is a more fully realized and textured vision of what the band offered on their debut."
Kerrang!,70,"There's plenty here to enjoy at a high volume, and at twice the length of their debut, Bloodsweat practically comes off as a double album."
Rock Sound,70,"An alluring, seductive listen that might take a while to get under your skin, but once there will point blank refuse to leave."

Alternative Press,100,"Theres not an ounce of fat on these eight, energised tracks. Everything is sharpened by the awareness of mortality and there is alchemys in Pops ability to infuse such resignation with real electricity."
The Line of Best Fit,100,"As parting statements go, Post Pop Depression is solid gold proof of his genius."
Kerrang!,91,"Underscored by high-octane tunes, Post Pop Depression runs the gamut from quiet introspection to brash rebellion--and stands tall as some of Pops most essential work in years."
Punknews.org (Staff),90,"Post Pop Depression comes across like a third Pop partnership with Bowie, only more brutal and more elegiacally touched by the shadows of the smiles in Pop's memory. [No. 130, p.56]"
Sputnikmusic,90,"This album is a vindication of the instinct that less is more. Its a magnificent testament to a man who has been scarred and damaged by his journey, but whose lust for life remains gloriously intact."
AllMusic,80,"A cool, sleazy rock record that's unmistakably a group project but also perfectly an Iggy album: sexy, nasty and darkly funny."
Rock Sound,80,"Hommes relative subservience is largely to the records benefit--hes clearly happy to ride shotgun for Pop--and the symbiotic alliance renders Post Pop Depression a beguiling listen, fascinatingly experimental, thematically compelling and a deeply intimate portrait of one of the all-time great rock wildmen coming to terms with the idea of retirement."
The A.V. Club,80,"Over nine songs and 42 minutes--old-school LP length--they [producer Josh Homme and Dean Fertita] juggle tight and loose, conjuring a ravaged cadaver in a sharp funeral suit."
Exclaim,80,"An album that once again proves Pop never was and never will be an ordinary guy."
Alternative Press,80,"Its a stark, sinewy affair that foregrounds the punk-rock lifers voice, a finely weathered instrument, all knowing vibrato and bemused sneering."
Q Magazine,80,"As per usual, every song Homme touches ends up being undeniably sexy, but it's unlikely you'll want to take it off and get it on, listening to it. Post Pop Depression isn't the sound of an acclaimed artist seamlessly slipping away, but a wild animal screaming with all his might into the night."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"Post Pop Depression doesn't really sound like anything Pop's done before, yet it sounds unmistakably, naturally like an Iggy Pop album, a very good and, at its frequent best, impressively alive one, proving that what Pop really needs is a collaborator who understands how best to frame his unique talents."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Iggy Pop is what it says on the tin and Iggy Pop is what every aspect the music revolves around."
Clash Music,80,"Post Pop Depression is every bit as startling, both in sound, and end-of-days openness. [Apr 2016, p.86]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"Grimly compelling. [Apr 2016, p.66]"
AllMusic,80,"It's been a hell of a ride, one where the journey is just as much fun as reaching the journey. [12 Mar 2016, p.51]"
No Ripcord,80,"[A] brilliantly unsettling album. [Apr 2016, p.110]"
musicOMH.com,76,"The album recalls so many of his best old tricks while altering the presentation just enough to give it a necessary freshness."
The Guardian,75,"Most of the music reflects a kind of mid-paced and downcast feel. As the tracks bleed into each other, at times theres too much stylistic similarity. But any feeling of monotony is cut short by songs like Vulture or German Days, which mixes playful 70s guitar-riffs with a dark, flourishing chorus."
Alternative Press,75,"For all of Pop's well-earned reputation as a bare-chested banshee in concert, he has an expressive, even sonorous baritone voice, and a pithiness as a lyricist. His words brim with battle-scarred imagery and humor."
Exclaim,75,"While Post Pop Depression is full of life, its also checkered with countless allusions to Iggys musical mortality."
AllMusic,70,"Thanks in no small part to the significant contribution of Homme, the shirtless rocker has created his best work since his early Bowie collaborations."
Rock Sound,70,"A few songs, like American Valhalla and In the Lobby, are rather dreary, and feel like Homme and Pop just spinning their wheels; they could have used a bit of a Stooges-style kick in the ass. Even on the slower songs, though, Homme and the stripped-down lineup he assembled for the album--fellow Queen of the Stone Age Dean Fertita, and Arctic Monkeys drummer Matt Helders--provide a heavy, rhythmic bedrock and stylistic versatility."
The Telegraph (UK),69,"If Post Pop Depressions refined execution has you missing the more unhinged Iggy of old, rest assured, hes not going down without a fight."
New Musical Express (NME),67,"Iggy Pop's adieu doesn't go out in a blaze of blitzkrieging punk, but rather adopts a subtler, rhythmically diverse attack reminiscent of his earliest solo work and specifically 1977 twofer The Idiot and Lust for Life."
Entertainment Weekly,65,"Post Pop Depression is very much a man trying to find the proper context for himself, his considerable legacy, and where his shape fits in the modern world, and perhaps sounding a little lost in the process."
Magnet,60,"He seems caught in a place between wizened wild child and something kookier, but hes apparently too content to go whole hog in either direction."
Classic Rock Magazine,60,"Even though some of these songs are less than the sum of their parts, its hard not to warm to a collaboration that comes up with a track as funky and modal as Sunday."
Punknews.org (Staff),60,"Its comfortable, casual and--as is Iggy--a little bit weird at times. Its catchy and has some great stories nestling in there--Post Pop Depression gets its hooks into you gradually with each listen."
The Skinny,60,"Its never poor, but never quite scales the heights you want. Its a shrug, and Iggy Pop should never incite shrugging."
Rolling Stone,60,"Its hard to say if Homme and Pop are better served by the nine-track length or not. Post Pop Depression doesnt feel particularly tight or focused, but neither dude is conceptual enough to really justify a larger sprawl."
AllMusic,60,"An album by turns terse, sinuous and playful, streaked with disgust and delight in roughly equal measure."
Boston Globe,33,"Its dripping with oldness, but its far from good."

Exclaim,100,"It's a record you'll return to again and again, such is the strength of the songs. [5 Mar 2016, p.50]"
The Line of Best Fit,90,"Overall, Muncie Girls have created a fresh touch to the mixture of indie and punk. The band has officially mastered their sound and made ten songs the band should truly be proud of."
Clash Music,85,"It's a tumultious mixing pot of important issues, personal emotion, raw refrains, and cotagious hooks that makes their words hammer straight home."
Mojo,80,"While Muncie Girls might tread relatively familiar musical territory on From Caplan to Belsize, its Hekts acerbic, no-frills lyricism that shines brightest."

Uncut,100,"It's a near-constant barrage of fist-pumpers built to fight back the sunrise, from the opening pummel of Throwaways to the Replacements-indebted pop power of closer Dirty Lights."
Kerrang!,91,"Its across 10 immaculately tidy tracks, and if Snyders goal is to get the bands points across and accomplish that feeling of catharsis all the same, then this record sure feels like a success."
Q Magazine,90,"The hope was that Beach Slang would be the next great melodic punk band; with this album, that's no longer in question. [Nov 2015, p.96]"
Paste Magazine,88,"The Things We Do is a record for anyone whos ever felt, even for a moment, that music is what matters the most. For any hard-luck kid or nowhere bum who needs it, that escape is heaven."
The A.V. Club,85,"It is an album with a vibrant, thumping heart that, while bruised and battered, keeps beating through it all. This is music made for people who have needed music to keep going."
Chicago Tribune,83,"For all its flaws, Beach Slangs debut is a fun and absolutely engaging listen."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Its an indie record, yet it sounds huge--and not in an overbearing way."
musicOMH.com,80,"The Things We Do To Find People Who Feel Like Us proves that Beach Slang are not a flash in the pan. Theyre a genuine part of the heart of punk rock, pumping blood and keeping its spirit alive."
Slant Magazine,80,"Its the most passionate batch of love songs youre liable to hear in 2015, and theyre all about a specifically anthemic form of punk rock."
Pitchfork,80,"The Philadelphia quartets appeal is built on an earnestness and an honesty that leaks from every sweat-channelling pore of The Things We Do To Find People Who Feel Like Us."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Too late to be the sound of the summer, Beach Slang will instead warm your hearts all winter--and far beyond. [31 Oct 2015, p.54]"
Under The Radar,80,"Beach Slang play with the kind of heartfelt abandon that you could imagine translating to wider audiences in a similar vein to The Gaslight Anthem or, going back even further, The Goo Goo Dolls. For now, the no-hopers have a voice, but you get the feeling that it won't be theirs alone for much longer."
NOW Magazine,80,"At some point or another, we all feel as though the electricity of our existence is being trapped in a confined space, waiting to break loose. The Things We Do To Find People Who Feel Like Us pops the lid, vigorously releasing that energy into the atmosphere. Its liberating."
The Observer (UK),75,"The Things We Do sounds like the product of an alternate reality in which Bruce Springsteen was a teenager in the 2000s who spent all his time crafting the perfect instant messenger away notifications instead of ruminating on small town America. But Alex and his bandmates pull it off with sheer conviction and force of will."
DIY Magazine,70,"Some of the songs do blend together a bit, but repeated listens, preferably loud and accompanied by ones preferred adult beverage, should remedy that situation."
The Guardian,70,"There's something refreshing about a bastard of old who doesn't try to slow down his band's headlong thwack with stubble-stroking musing on midlife malaise or clunky lit-seminar over-trying. For these guys, noise will always be enough."
Spin,70,"Beach Slang are well-aware that there are people out there who feel just as they do, and they reveal their allegiance through the power of a good ol rock song."
The Independent (UK),70,"A few of the songs sound a lot like one another, and, like any rock & roll, The Things We Do can come off as risible to the rational heart and sensible head, but for the uncertain and, to refer to the Replacements, unsatisfied, the album is potentially relatable and potently cathartic."
Pretty Much Amazing,70,"Teeming with hooks and lyrical calls to arms, The Things We Do is a unique record, one that rages with youthful vigour, but which couldn't have been made by anyone under the age of 35."
Kerrang!,70,"The albums escapism is alarmingly potent, to the point where it verges into the downright delusional, but its lack of self-consciousness is--somewhat ironically--the thing that keeps it in check."
Punknews.org (Staff),58,"Music saves the misfit kids, but not every pain can be walloped into submission. Beach Slang sound less interested in ripping that pain open and exposing its insides than they are in shouting over it, and The Things We Do can start to sound like an exercise in emotional extremes."
The Line of Best Fit,50,"This is Beach Slangs core problem: they are constantly telling, never showing."
DIY Magazine,50,"His [James Alex's] lyrics aren't particularly strong. [No. 126, p.53]"

NOW Magazine,80,"Punchy, purposeful and convincingly contemporary, its frequently spiced-up with exhilarating examples of the bands trademark, Television-esque guitar duels."
The A.V. Club,80,"From tension-riddled songs like Two Places to the instrumental Outromistra (EM Forster with guitars), this is a confident and exciting high for the band, at a time when most bands of their era are looking for their reading glasses."
Alternative Press,70,"Their jangly, soulful, melodic take on punk-pop still has freshness and urgency. [Nov 2015, p.80]"
Paste Magazine,60,"The County Durham punks' first in 36 years is suitably grown-up if a little underwhelming. [Nov 2015, p.96]"

The 405,80,"The album slowly loses its sanity: Edging over that transgressive line, like all good punk bands do."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"Debut album Dark Black Makeup is a thrilling half-hour of punk rock with a small p but a big UNK!--hooky, heavy and furious in all the right places."
The Guardian,75,"Theres a timeless quality to Dark Black Makeup that, again, probably has something to do with the bands young age and built-in resistance to musical trends. Its refreshing to hear a band that wears its influences on its sleeves without toeing the garage-punk party line, and its led to a surprisingly diverse collection of songs."
Punknews.org (Staff),70,"One of the strongest punk debuts of 2015."
Pitchfork,60,"Theres plenty of talent there, but more homework is needed before they graduate to the bigger leagues."
DIY Magazine,60,"Barely out of their teens, the band's enthusiastic aping of their idols can be forgiven (they even go so far as to build the largely nonsensical 'Le Song' around the lyric 'come a little bit closer,' which is the refrain from the Walk Among Us gem 'Vampira'), but they'll need to dial down the hero worship on future endeavors if they ever want to establish their own legacy of brutality."
Kerrang!,60,"Less scrappy punk and more slick guitars, theres an air of the Queens of the Stone Age about their debut, and its a sound they wear well."
Clash Music,60,"Radkey's greatest strength is sounding urgent but never rushed. The greatest weakness is that they wear their influences like face tattoos. [22 Aug 2015, p.52]"
Sputnikmusic,40,"The tunes, for all that they whistle by breezily enough, lack the snap, crackle or pop that separates the hitters from the makeweights. [Oct 2015, p.113]"

The Line of Best Fit,100,"Thrilling, challenging, life-affirming rollercoaster of a record. [27 Jun 2015, p.50]"
PopMatters,85,"Freedom ultimately finds cohesion in Refused's continuing mission to punish your ears, move your feet and rage against the Man. [No. 122, p.58]"
Rolling Stone,83,"All of this is more fun than a politically charged hardcore album has any right to be."
No Ripcord,80,"They are as fearless and undiminished as ever here. [Aug 2015, p.114]"
AllMusic,80,"Freedom sounds as furiously principled as this group has ever been, and it's a liberating, hard-hitting exercise in punk for smart people."
Exclaim,80,"Persuasive, pummelling, precise, Refused may have--quite literally--set the agenda with The Shape Of Punk To Come but here theyre proving that they can still translate the blueprints regardless of how much time has passed."
Spin,80,"A solid listen front to back, Freedom is the album fans have been waiting for."
Consequence of Sound,80,"The conviction put into every moment of this record, much like that they put into every second of their original reunion shows, makes Freedom a more than worthwhile comeback."
cokemachineglow,75,"He's a master of weaving his overdubbed vocals into rapturous gospel heights, as on 'Flesh,' and his cry of 'Should've known better' amid the heartbreak of 'Leaves' resonates long after the track is finished."
Magnet,70,"It's the exhilarating sound of a band that still lives by its own rules."
Record Collector,60,"A leaner, more radio-friendly effort. [Sep 2015, p.86]"
Classic Rock Magazine,60,"Occasional static aside, it seems Refused are really making good on their long-stated goal to take the airwaves back, or at least vibrating a little closer to the right frequency."
Uncut,60,"Although Freedom isnt the return fans were hoping for, theres enough experimentation here to at least remind old fans of what made them adore the band in the first place."
Mojo,60,"While crossover potential is huge with their more conventional, contemporary sound, Freedom is doomed to connect on a far more limited level than their early triumphs, especially with the genres diehards."
The Line of Best Fit,54,"It's unclear from this album what they came back to accomplish."
Classic Rock Magazine,50,"It's too bad the songwriting doesn't match the ambition."
Consequence of Sound,50,"Freedom is nothing more than an exercise in competent stadium rock."
New Musical Express (NME),45,"This is not a terrible record, just a bland and misguided one."
The Independent (UK),42,"Freedom never seems to settle on a single direction, but its hard to say whether thats good or bad.... But its when Refused attempts to sound modern--through ultra-slick production tricks and modern sonic collage--that the album truly falters."
AllMusic,40,"Loaded with fake anthems and wholly failing to capture the anarchistic musical charisma of past work, Freedom is a worst-case scenario. Refused was better off dead."
DIY Magazine,30,"After a fierce opener that sounds like they've never been away ('nothing has changed', screams Dennis Lyxzn over raging instrumentation), things then, regrettably, go downhill."

Kerrang!,80,"Catchy, clever, no-frills fun. [Apr 2015, p.94]"
Q Magazine,80,"You wont learn anything about the 44th state, but you will get your fill of more loud, pop-punk goodness."
Kerrang!,60,"While they haven't exactly stretched the boundaries of three chords, these Wyoming punks have crafted another 14 tracks of fearless fun here. [28 Mar 2015, p.54]"
Magnet,60,"Tales From Wyoming stays safely in the established genre without trying to be groundbreaking, but simplicity and quirky immaturity are the bread and butter of pop punk, and there's enough to satisfy here."

Consequence of Sound,90,"For all its blaring noise and sneering obnoxiousness, its probably ATRs most accessible album; playing Reset feels like lighting a fuse and detonating something."
Q Magazine,80,"Less the raised middle finger of old, this is more a clicking one, trying to snap you out of whatever Big Brother fug you may have settled for. [14 Feb 2015, p.54]"
AllMusic,80,"The volume remains punishing, but this record triumphs in melodic subtlety, political nuance and conceptual clarity."
DIY Magazine,70,"Reset is an enjoyable 42 minutes of dystopian aphorism and boasts more dense textures and a keener ear for juxtaposition than its predecessor. It's a definite progression; just don't expect it to tear down the firewalls of GCHQ any time soon."
Exclaim,60,"As ever the brush strokes are broad and the confrontation is intense but it's good to know their fire is afar from undimmed. [Apr 2015, p.95]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"Atari Teenage Riot have made this their most accessible album yet."

Chicago Tribune,90,"By making new albums like this, the band sidestep the entire revival punk circuit ethos and create something new, again. [Summer 2014, p.88]"
Rolling Stone,80,"Its trademark Buzzcocks, with the slashing guitars to get you going and biting lyrics that let you know its not all fun and games."
Mojo,80,"This is a euphoric trip to the apocalypse, whether in a dig at social media in Virtually Real or a look at daily craziness in The Way."
Spin,75,"This sharp, addictive collection winks at the past in ways the already devoted will love."
Sputnikmusic,70,"The result is an urgent collection whose creative spark burns brightly. [Dec 2014, p.104]"
PopMatters,67,"Less concerned with fictional romance than with virtual reality, its an anxious record from a band that should be settling comfortably into old age. Its also a powerful argument for why the Buzzcocks remain relevant in spite of their increasingly troubled take on modernity."
Pitchfork,60,"If The Way's latter stages descend into lumpy Who-y rawk, the earlier auditory apparition of Buzzcocks in tuneful excelsis will always be welcome. [Dec 2014, p.89]"
Slant Magazine,60,"The short, sweet The Way packs enough pop-tinged punk energy and emotion to satisfy Buzzcocks faithful, at least."
The 405,60,"The Buzzcocks haven't lost their touch as a live act in the 21st century, but The Way makes it clear these guys need to recharge their creative batteries before they attempt another studio album."
The Line of Best Fit,60,"Though The Way is unlikely to attract many new fans, those who contributed to the project to make the album should be pretty happy with the results."
The A.V. Club,58,"Instead of growing soft and slick while retaining their songwriting prowess, theyve stayed fast and raw--but left much of their popcraft somewhere behind."
Austin Chronicle,50,"The Buzzcocks deserve credit for continuing to craft new material, but after nearly 40 years, they also risk sounding sometimes like some bands they emulated, or mocked, who started long before them."

Under The Radar,70,"Yesterdays is a heartfelt memorial to a fallen comrade as well as a reminder that Pennywise remember their roots well, and haven't lost sight of the ideas and ideals that drove them."
Alternative Press,60,"Some people may find this outdated, but it's an absolute treasure chest for slavish fans. [19 Jul 2014, p.53]"
Punknews.org (Staff),60,"It wont satisfy the appetite of fans of the band that are salivating over the thought of a brand new album with Lindbergs patented shout-sing back and leading the charge. But as a stopgap and look back at the bands early years, Yesterdays is a rowdy Pennywise romp."
Kerrang!,60,"Presented as a new studio album, it only manages to recapture the band's spirit, rather than its soul."

Exclaim,90,"From the twin guitar salvos of Mark Goldsworthy and Liam Matthews through to Tom Kelly and Henry Ruddell's flawless rhythm section crowned by Mitchell's voice of reason, they're an unshakable and on this, their long-awaited first LP, an unstoppable force."
musicOMH.com,83,"These are songs that almost certainly take on extra ferocity in a live setting. Eagulls captures that intensity well, heralding one of Englands most promising new voices."
Kerrang!,80,"Singer/lyricist George Mitchell sings clean and fairly melodically, but with convincing disaffection."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Post-punk might not be new, but like their name, with a few tweaks and some bold personality Eagulls have defiantly made it their own. [Apr 2014, p.108]"
The Line of Best Fit,80,"With a perfect combination of loose noise and tight melody, Eagulls self-titled debut puts the group on the fast track to be taken seriously, even compared to peers on their third or fourth try."
Q Magazine,80,"While they're not doing anything particularly new, the mixture of bile and valedictory swagger here is exhilarating. [Apr 2014, p.73]"
DIY Magazine,80,"As a whole, Eagulls is a refreshing, unrestrained album, a cool drink of insta-nostalgia for the best of the late 80s, early 90s rejecters of the mold."
Classic Rock Magazine,80,"Eagulls' density and intensity sometimes border on exhausting, but the album is an undeniably bracing beginning."
Paste Magazine,80,"Its as nasty a little thing as it sounds, yet, for all the ugliness that spills out of Eagulls, theyre never anything less than vital; these are anthems for a doomed youth determined to kick against the pricks rather than mope forlornly and fruitlessly."
Boston Globe,80,"Amidst the sanded-corner tunes and taut, buffed percussion, the five-piece have a lot of valuable ruminations on being young and hopeless and helpless in modern Britain."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Theirs is a fierce and angry sound, with elements of grunge, hardcore, post-punk and shades of goth, too. But it's also packed with hooks."
Alternative Press,80,"I can't work out what the bloody hell he's on about half the time but there's some kind of of authenticity dripping from every verbal bark and echoey guitar jangle, every driving bassline and intelligent whack of the drums."
Consequence of Sound,80,"It may not be original, but in a time where bands prefer to gaze wistfully at their shoes or navels, Leeds Eagulls are like a necessary breath of fresh air."
Mojo,80,"A tour de force of Eagulls' brash and brazen-faced formula, this is a record thatll be ringing in your ears for days after its finished."
Exclaim,75,"Imperfect as it might be, the albums relentlessness is also its chief allure. In reality, Eagulls sounds more innovative than it probably is due to the world in which it arrives."
AllMusic,74,"Eagulls have synthesized their influences well, and have created an enjoyable rock record (they've been around since 2010, which may account for why so many of these songs sounds accomplished as they do); so while Eagulls is not exactly life-changing music, the songs stick with you, and sometimes that's enough."
musicOMH.com,70,"As a debut album, Eagulls proves that this band has tremendous potential."
Pitchfork,70,"It's hard to ignore that the arrangements feel like templates. [No. 107, p.55]"
PopMatters,70,"Its a great release by one of the UKs most promising bands, and lays down a foundation for them to build on being melodious and aggressive."
AllMusic,70,"The Eags are at their best when they bump into a memorable melody."
Kerrang!,70,"What keeps these 10 songs honest is the audible influence of another genre: shoegaze. [Mar 2014, p.92]"
Alternative Press,65,"It's the sound of a bunch of guys getting the same kicks in the studio as they have on one stage after another since their start. [Feb/Mar 2914, p.71]"
Exclaim,60,"A single-minded, yet ultimately baffling experience. [Apr 2014, p.95]"
Drowned In Sound,58,"The band surely know their strengths and have developed their sound, but the individual songs suffer when stacked on top of each other."
The A.V. Club,50,"The Eagulls album does a fantastic job of funneling the bands energy. Thats the good part. But as for the subtleties--the way that players interact, the fit between chug and melody, the depth that emerges with occasional negative space--you wont find any of that here."
NOW Magazine,30,"Far from being as incisive as Albini or as sonically daring as Kevin Shields, Eagulls have created something akin to comfort food, an album to soothe the fears of guitar nuts afraid that feedback-driven six-string assaults were somehow in danger of going extinct."

Q Magazine,95,"Place A Wilhelm Scream into whatever brand of punk genre there is, it doesn't matter. It is unquestionably the best album released this year in whatever genre you choose"
No Ripcord,80,"Its cleaner, more ferocious tone does this batch of songs well, pushing them back closer to their genius Nitro Records days."
Uncut,80,"Partycrasher isnt a comeback record or a return to form. If anything, its a loud affirmation that A Wilhelm Scream are still one of the most creatively engaging and thoroughly fun and exciting bands in punk."
Filter,80,"Partycrasher is still overflowing with singalong moments and air guitar opportunities that should remind you why A Wilhelm Scream are one of the best punk bands weve ever had."

AllMusic,100,"Sound System gives the full, eclectic picture. [Oct 2013, p.116]"
New Musical Express (NME),100,"Sound System is quite the piece of work. [Sep 2013, p.94]"
The Line of Best Fit,100,"Sound System presents the complete Clash, lovingly remastered on six discs, comprising the five studio LPs the classic lineup released between 1977 and 1982, plus a 3-CD set featuring non-LP singles and B-sides. A DVD unspools archival footage, plus every video. The sonic upgrade sounds best on the earliest material."
The Guardian,100,"There are many extras here to pique the completist's interest.... But the real punch rests in the unprecedented clarity of the remastered original tracks, and the audacious creativity and humour of the packaging. [Oct 2013, p.104]"
The 405,100,"The content is lovingly packaged in a box neatly dressed-up as one of those giant beat boxes hipsters used to lug around before the advent of the Sony Walkman and the digital revolution that followed."
Clash Music,100,"It takes a band as myth-saturated as the Clash to live up to a career-summing box as ambitious as this one. But Joe Strummer and his crew of London gutter-punk romantics fit the bill."
DIY Magazine,95,"The good news is that the extras that come along with the albums are fantastic. Theres not much that the completest wont have heard, but most people will be really happy to have the best of the bands B -sides, extended 12-inch versions and EP extras collected on three CDs."
Pretty Much Amazing,95,"Sound System could well be a life changer, containing, as it does, the collected works of hands-down the greatest rock 'n' roll outfit the UK has produced in the last four decades. [No.102, p.51]"
Pitchfork,90,"Sound System really is the definitive article, and with Christmas on the horizon, is sure to feature high on several wishlists."
CMJ,90,"Sound System drives home the foursomes adeptness at boundary hopping, while never forgetting the value of a good hook and a politically righteous lyric."
Magnet,90,"The immersive experience of sinking into the lovingly detailed Sound System will serve as a reminder of why fans agree with their label's slogan, 'The Only Band That Matters.' [Aug-Sep 2013, p.103]"
musicOMH.com,90,"This is as complete as we'll get and if it doesn't present any fresh revelations, it brings the Clash's era back to life, both sonically and visually."
Rolling Stone,90,"It's practically the entire history of the band crammed into a mock boombox. Designed by bassist Paul Simonon, the set incorporates retrospective essays, reprinted fanzines, a poster, dog tags, stickers, badges, and so forth; die-hard fans have probably sold off their existing Clash collections just to afford it."
Alternative Press,70,"Sound System errs firmly on the side of inclusion in virtually every way. This means, of course, inclusion of the albums Sony Legacy assumes we already own, so true fans might want to quickly Ebay their last purchase of the first five albums to afford the hefty price tag of Sound System."
Under The Radar,60,"Hardcore fans will own it all already, and newcomers will find it too daunting."

Mojo,80,"They are definitely good enough to keep fans of modern heavy music pleased with the genre's continued vitality. [Aug 2013, p.83]"
Consequence of Sound,80,"Their most accessible album to date. [20 Jul 2013, p.54]"
Dusted Magazine,65,"With Tracing Back Roots, We Came As Romans have shown just enough progress to make me believe that LP4 could be the game changer theyre looking for."
PopMatters,60,"Both sides [metal and pop] work well individually, but bolted together it sounds confused. [Sep 2013, p.100]"

Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),100,"It marks their perfection of the swooning pop stuff they've been churning out since 2006. [30 Mar 2013, p.54]"
Alternative Press,60,"Young New England may not define Transit, as it's wildly uneven and sometimes oddly raw, but there's enough good here--the missteps, you'll listen and forgive. [May 2013, p.91]"
Punknews.org (Staff),60,"Transit break the emo-pop formula and head in a pleasant, pleasurable, indie-centric direction for their second album on Rise."
Rock Sound,40,"For the most part, Young New England is embarrassingly lost in itself, a superfluous output that floats along at a frustratingly slow pace and lacks even a slight resemblance of direction."

Q Magazine,80,"This is how you do post-hardcore in 2013 without sounding like a relic. [23 Mar 2013, p.54]"
Classic Rock Magazine,80,"Produced by Shaun Lopez (Far, Deftones), the sound and shape of each Renacer is clean and spacious."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Their best album to date. [Apr 2013, p.85]"
Mojo,80,"Ultimately these well-place segues are but a welcome respite from the pummeling power of the riff."
The Telegraph (UK),40,"Renacer paints a clear portrait of a band lacking the courage and will to abandon the tendencies they have clearly grown out of and no longer stand behind."

Rolling Stone,80,"Live at the Gluepot is a crucially important document for fans of New Zealand's fabled indie pop heyday, but anyone who likes good, heavily snarky rock & roll will appreciate this recording of Toy Love going out in a blaze of glory."
Paste Magazine,79,"Live at the Gluepot is more immediately impressive [than the new compilation], just in terms of sheer speed and momentum."
Magnet,70,"With Knox as a lighthearted master of ceremonies, it's a rousing, worthy period piece. [Jan-Feb 2013, p.93]"
Drowned In Sound,70,"Live at the Gluepot is a great addition to the bands back-catalogue."

Filter,90,"It's the best representation yet of the sheer force of the band live, a perfect half hour snapshot of the energy and aggression they've never properly captured on tape."
Under The Radar,90,"MacNeil delivers a riveting, throat-destroying performance that owns every moment [Oct 2012, p.88]"
AllMusic,86,"Gallows will arguably divide the fanbase between a hint of less grit at times and a vocalist not quite harnessing the same volatile nature as before--therefore yielding what is arguably the band's most diverse record in terms of execution."
Spin,80,"The band's heavy, high-octane assault gets an extra kick of power from MacNeil's throaty growl, making their third LP their most direct and pummelling yet."
PopMatters,80,"Gallows may have been floundering during the last days of Frank Carter's time with the band but this very impressive comeback is the sound of a band reinvigorated."
Record Collector,80,"Gallows finds them staying the course, delivering high-octane thrills on every track in a way that feels as if it's meant to reassure fans that Gallows are done playing around and are ready to get back to business."
Alternative Press,80,"Gallows at their harshest, their angriest and their most thrilling and it turns out that no change in frontman can stop that."
Kerrang!,80,"There is not one note out of place; the music remaining tight, aggressive and addictive throughout."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"This is a raw, vicious and churning blast of a record. [25 Aug 2012, p.52]"
Q Magazine,80,"This is music with a pure heart, a clean conscience and the snap of a steel-spring trap."
Kerrang!,70,"More than an impressive musical step forward, Gallows does the band one better by showing their true colors."
Alternative Press,60,"It's hard to shake the sensation that the band have become rather more ordinary as a result [of the departure of Frank Carter.] [Nov 2012, p.73]"
AllMusic,60,"MacNeil is certainly a stronger singer--though without the coarse and charismatic Carter there's a sense that they are now one punk band among many, albeit still more sonically violent than most. {Oct 2012, p.86]"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"Gallows is less significant than its predecessor, but it often sounds more urgent. [Oct 2012, p.100]"

Kerrang!,77,"It's as much heady, restive psychedelia as it is a punk rager."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"Musically, this might not be post-anything, but it is a postscript to an already impressive musical rsum."
Alternative Press,70,"There's a sense of rollicking craziness throughout, some busting out, some swaggering boogie breakdowns."
Revolver,70,"Split Cranium has a lot to offer artistically and intellectually, but more importantly, it's just damn fun."

PopMatters,80,"The end result is a half-hour of good, giddy fun that leaves you with a slightly strange taste in your mouth, and that's probably just right."
AllMusic,79,"If you're seeking cool, ironic detachment, best look elsewhere. But if you want to hear fresh blood pumping exuberantly through the veins of these classics, give Osaka Ramones a spin."
Pitchfork,70,"This covers album maybe a joyous blast of buzzsaw pop, but you just know that the live shows will be even better."
Under The Radar,70,"It might not break any new ground but there'll be few albums this year as enjoyable as this one."
PopMatters,60,"[Shonen Knife's] 13 Ramones covers sound exactly like you'd expect."
Drowned In Sound,60,"If you love Shonen Knife wholly you will probably enjoy Osaka Ramones to some extent."
Alternative Press,40,"As it stands, Osaka Ramones is a misguided affair almost from start to finish, and, as a whole, should be given as wide a berth as possible except by completists who have to have absolutely everything by Shonen Knife."

Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"Thee Oh Sees manage to simultaneously evoke Suicide, Them and The Fall on their latest album of echoey, dense psychedelia. [Aug 2010, p.96]"
NOW Magazine,80,"Once again: there are six more songs on this album. Six songs that really aren't bad at all. But once your needle has dropped to the end of side one, it's only going back to the beginning again."
musicOMH.com,70,"Thee Oh Sees conjure sweet, sticky fuzz, and there's very few spaces on Warm Slime to take a breath, or think about what you've heard. Then again, it's this very saturation that makes Warm Slime such a natural high."
AllMusic,70,"Warm Slime; it's just solid, thick as a brick."
DIY Magazine,70,"Swiftly recorded in just one day, Warm Slime is an intuitively-conceived, addictively impulsive lesson in peculiarity."
Sputnikmusic,70,"Like the title suggests, Warm Slime is gooey but curiously inviting stuff, and sinking into it might not be the safest way to pass the time, but it's a genuinely pleasurable experience."
Kerrang!,69,"Even for a committedly lo-fi aesthetic, Warm Slime is rough going at times; listening to it back-to-back with the relatively cleaner Help is startling, like blasting a bug-spattered windshield with a jet of wiper fluid."
BBC Music,60,"The fact that Warm Slime doesn't quite measure up to the band's lofty previous releases is hardly the point. Thee Oh Sees are already careening down another road at 100 miles per hour, and you best keep up."
Consequence of Sound,50,"Dwyer's yelps paired with Brigid Dawson's sugary vox have made them a West Coast Frank Black/Kim Deal, and Warm Slime secretes the tightly wound psych-punk blues of Help, but lacks that album's urgency."

Uncut,90,"Crusty, jarring and still as acerbic as ever, this is Cancer Bats at their best."
Mojo,80,"If the album has a flaw, it's the excessive length  14 tracks in 45 minutes should have been shaved down to ten in 30. But overall, this is a solid effort from a band with a lot to offer fans of aggressive rock who aren't too worried about categories."
Q Magazine,80,"Through it all, they retain their fundamental hardcore power-chug while vocalist Liam Cormier gives his most diverse screaming/growling/speaking performance yet. [May 2010, p.105]"
Pitchfork,80,"Cancer Bats tendency to veer towards the metallic might shock those unaccustomed to having a sweaty Torontonian screaming blue murder in their faces. But persevere and it reveals itself as a selection of dark, enjoyably violent treats."
Exclaim,80,"This freewheeling third record is picthed just the right side of sobriety. [May 2010, p.112]"
AllMusic,76,"While there is some filler, some of the best Cancer Bats songs can be found here and that alone makes this worth checking out, even if it isnt a gigantic departure."
PopMatters,70,"Bears, Mayors, Scraps & Bones is an impressive album from Cancer Bats, having the most potential of their three albums to attract new fans with its genre variety and dynamic compositions."

AllMusic,100,"Raw Power is one of his definitive statements, and it is presented here in superb form. You owe it to yourself to get this."
Paste Magazine,100,"Finally, the third and most brutal album from these Detroit legends gets both the rawness and the power it deserves."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),100,"The Stooges' third and final studio album before their recent reunion--remains a uniquely visceral listening experience, a confrontational slab of psychedelic punk made in the dead zone between psychedelia's demise and punk's birth."
musicOMH.com,100,"The vindication of this luxury raw Power is it bestows still greater kudos on Ron's band. [Jun 2010, p.140]"
New Musical Express (NME),94,"The landmark proto-punk album is refined at a decibel-defying rate while the outtakes highlight the grating guitars and Iggy's guttural vocals that trademarked the group's sound."
Drowned In Sound,91,"So many Stooges live sets and outtakes are already available that the bonuses risk redundancy (and there's an even longer 'Deluxe Edition' available via mail-order), but Raw Power itself remains a landmark."
PopMatters,90,"First spewed forth in 1973 this blend of Iggy's guttural moanings and James Williamson's precise spiky guitars is rightly regarded as one of the most seminal, ferocious, uncompromising, crude, sleazy, nihilistic rock albums of all time."
Uncut,90,"Bluntly, if you consider yourself in any way interested in rock music and don't already own this album, you're doing yourself a rather large disservice."
Drowned In Sound,90,"The quality of Georgia Peaches is expectedly sketchy  but such is the energy conveyed that it's tough indeed to not become caught up in the crackly cacophony."
Dusted Magazine,90,"The Legacy Edition of Raw Power honors this great album better than the Iggy Pop remix that's been its only digital representation since 1997, but the extras included here fall short of making this the definitive release of the James Williamson-era Stooges' bloodied but unbowed triumph."
Tiny Mix Tapes,86,"Bowie is back, and thanks to better technology, these special editions of 'Raw Power' sound right on the money. But the story here is the extras."
New Musical Express (NME),85,"This slick new edition furthers the case for Raw Power as The Stooges' greatest work--as if there was any question."
AllMusic,83,"This reissue-- available in a 2xCD, budget-priced Legacy Edtion set and as a more elaborate $60 4xCD Deluxe Edition-- doesn't attempt anything quite so ambitious. Instead, the main impetus is bringing a remastered version of the original Bowie mix back to market."
Pitchfork,80,"This is the best Raw Power has sounded since it was first humiliating people's turntables in the 1970s."
Prefix Magazine,80,"This package is more than worthwhile because it gets closer to the original vinyl. [Jun 2010, p.112]"
Austin Chronicle,60,"The original running order is slightly shuffled, but starting with 'Raw Power' wasn't such a good idea, as it mostly serves to highlight the way the album sags in its second half. But ending with a roaring 'I Got A Right' salvages the set. [Jun 2011, p.48]"
Rock Sound,50,"In the end it's a 'must buy' only as far as you care about the bonus materials. For everybody else, don't throw out your old copy. [Spring 2010, p.73]"

AllMusic,91,"The Brutalist Bricks sounds nothing like that at all. Ted Leo is still very much in his prime, and Bricks is as relevant (and as great) a record as you'll hear in 2010."
Alternative Press,83,"The Brutalist Bricks is just as much a stirring, personal response to the times as the early Pharmacists albums. Theres a back-to-basics, making-sense-of-the-world vibe about the record, and Leos blend of the personal and political is often touching."
BBC Music,80,"Leo was impressive even when he was an unmitigated idealist but now, older and less sure of things, he is even better."
Q Magazine,80,"He's smart enough to know what's to be done, sincere enough to do it free of distraction, and nice enough not to impose his will on you. Ted Leo has literally seen his success as an artist become a life or death experience, and he's here to tell you how to treat it like a grown-up."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"The Brutalist Bricks is an experimental and enjoyable pop-punk record. [Apr 2010, p.128]"
PopMatters,80,"With The Brutalist Bricks, theyve silenced doubters with another skillful dose of catchy rock and its quite the remedy for any sour disbelievers."
PopMatters,80,"Both in words and music, this album works by letting anger and warmth share a platform. In this respect, listeners already au fait with this splendid band should find plenty of cheer."
Rolling Stone,80,"After the misfire of Living With The Living this is a content, relaxed record with nothing to prove. Ted Leo is a man un-fussily playing to his strengths."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"The Brutalist Bricks isn't quite the match of 2004's career highlight Shake The Streets. But 'Gimmee The Wire' mixes punky, Mission Of Burma dynamics with a garrulous, troubadour storytelling, while 'Bottles In Cork' unfolds as a bar-hopping travelogue as colorful as anything Craig Finn has put his pen to. [Jun 2010, p.92]"
Q Magazine,79,"Leo's still exceptionally adept at saying a lot in a small space but there are more than a few lines that feel a little too forceful no matter how many times you run into them, sitting slightly askew next to the richer images and more pointed jabs here."
Filter,75,"Throughout, Leo and his stalwart Pharmacists (who include James Canty of the Make-Up on guitar and keyboards) reflect the singer's unified worldview with hooky, sharp-angled guitar jams that somehow seem catchier the thrashier they get. Chalk up another win for one of the good guys."
The A.V. Club,71,"The Brutalist Bricks, for its moments of torrential fury, sags when Leo occasionally writes outside of an exhausted but all-encompassing formula."
Clash Music,70,"In Leos case, its somehow comforting that every few years hell be along to inspire and cajole his fans with his dedication and passion. The Brutalist Bricks will let no one down in that regard."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Despite its obvious ingredients and well-worn criterion, Brutalist Bricks comes off peculiarly fresh. There are simply not a lot of people making the same sort of music Leo is these days; his audacious conviction is so easily appreciable (and hard to recreate) that he's almost immune to diminishing returns."
BBC Music,70,"Leo has now produced more Pharmacists records while we've been at war than not, and in a world that still needs Fugazi's oppositional fire, The Brutalist Bricks' Dischordant burn is welcome."
AllMusic,70,"Although it may not be a punk album through and through, songs like 'The Stick' and 'Where Was My Brain?' embody the genre's spirit with pounding drums, frenzied guitars and rushed deliveries (the former cut clocks in at less than two minutes), while 'Mourning in America' mixes the genre's chaotic arrangements and political bite with Leo's usual power-pop flare."
Billboard.com,65,"Unfortunately, the rest of the album is just plain forgettablea flat stale gray of staid sentiments and middle-of-the-road rock."
Paste Magazine,60,"One of these days, they're going to produce a masterpiece, but The Brutalist Bricks has too many soft spots to be it. [Winter 2010, p.64]"
Pitchfork,60,"His social commentaries occasionally overwhelm the music, as on Bottled In Cork, a doozy that might elicit an I get it, I get it, the world is fucked response. And though he also stumbles on the underdeveloped, raspy, pop diversion One Polaroid A Day, Leos still built a sturdy addition to the bands discography."
Uncut,60,"It's a good move, supercharged power pop melodies and sparky guitars combining to good effect on tracks such as 'Gimme The Wire.' [Jun 2010, p.127]"
Mojo,50,"If he'd played up his vocals over his vitriol, Brutalist Bricks could have been a much better album. Loud and messy may be the hallmarks of hardcore, but showcasing his talents would have made a bigger impact, both musically and politically."
The Wire,40,"A perfunctory listen yields little that stands out, offering none of the instant classics that the earlier albums earwormed into steady rotation."

Under The Radar,91,"This Addiction is a chiseled, go-for-broke disc with a modicum of overdubs, melodic flourishes, and even harmonies."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"Alkaline Trio arent nave punk rockers from the Chicago suburbs anymore, as a result this album fails to recapture that innocence but succeeds in creating another strong body of work that the group can be proud of."
The A.V. Club,80,"The title track sets the tone with its exploration of heroin addiction as a metaphor for relationships, but it's 'The American Scream'--a gritty, neo-gothic parable--that best illustrates Alkaline Trio's unique take on three chords and the truth. [Mar 201, p.97]"
Dusted Magazine,75,"This Addiction promises exactly what the title describes, as most older fans will eat this up."
Prefix Magazine,75,"Fans will be pleased to find Alkaline Trio remembering what it's like to be itself."
Alternative Press,70,"While This Addiction might not be perfect, it's a more than respectable entry into the band's already sizable canon, proving that though they may be in that rarified group of punk-rock lifers, Alkaline Trio aren't done evolving yet. [Mar 2010, p.89]"
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"Hooky, blood-soaked bad-love allegories such as 'Draculina' and 'Dine, Dine My Darling' (check the punny Misfits nod) satisfy like heartburn-inducing comfort food."
BBC Music,65,"This Addiction is interesting and ultimately noteworthy because it finds a way to continue on with the bands winning schematics while tweaking the blueprints in such a way that it's almost hard to notice that youve been duped by all the seeming predictability."
Drowned In Sound,60,"With its return to a more straight-forward approach, This Addiction does hark back to the likes of Goddamnit and Maybe Ill Catch Fire. Unfortunately, while not being a bad album, it is not a patch on those seminal earlier releases. Simply a solid recycling of their much-loved sound."
Uncut,60,"Its hardly the best of their Asian Man days, but This Addiction is a solid mix of their old and new sounds that is well worth a listen."
Pitchfork,60,"Their 2008 major-label bid, Agony & Irony, got bogged down in power-ballad overreach, so with its seventh disc, the group is back to its bleak-Blink-182 roots."
The Boston Phoenix,50,"The album is a pointedly minimal production, though -- most tracks are simple guitar-bass-drum affairs with a few tasteful harmonies that put the surprisingly durable hooks up front."
cokemachineglow,40,"Aging punks flog a rapidly expiring horse."
AllMusic,40,"Based on the simple songwriting and the nauseating lyrical content, This Addiction is sad, and to the die-hard Alkaline Trio fans such as myself, it will greatly disappoint."

Slant Magazine,90,"CIS convey aggression and energy through a maddening array of effects pedals and the haunting, grainy tenor of Kristain Hallbert's reverberating voice, combining to form corrosive anthems embellished by space and nuance. [Mar 2010, p.92]"
Spin,90,"Where 07s Is Dead hinted at the band experimenting with a more progressive sound, it was nowhere near as cohesive and accomplished as this. I Was Trying To Describe You To Someone is a phenomenal album."
Billboard.com,88,"The band has sprinted forward and earned an Olympic title of the 'P' word. I Was Trying to Describe You To Someone is going to turn heads and only gain more respect and fans in the process."
Paste Magazine,80,"While Is Dead may be the bands most accessible album, their latest release contains a much more developed and mature set of tracks that showcase a very talented group that with can easily aspire to new heights in the coming years in the hardcore genre."
Under The Radar,75,"I Was Trying doesn't top 'Is Dead,' but it does keep Crime in Stereo on track toward the strange and unfamiliar. That might be the best compliment of all."

NOW Magazine,80,"This music is fierce and anthemic without ever sounding pretentious, and Pierced Arrows show that a few decades of experience can actually be good for you in punk rock, a welcome revelation in a genre that thrives on youthful snot."
Q Magazine,66,"While Descending Shadows (their second full-length and first for Vice) is leaner and mellower than anything they've done, it still barrels forth with the same haggard, long-fanged intent that made Dead Moon so great."
No Ripcord,60,"Although sloppiness normally both describes and compliments their sound, Shadows is messy with little to redeem it."
PopMatters,60,"It may not be earth-shattering, but its doubtful this album will ever sound dated."
The A.V. Club,40,"Full-length Vice debut and second LP Descending Shadows has some good songs ('Paranoia,' 'Zip My Lip'), but it's no big stretch from Dead Moon's formula."

Rock Sound,100,"Granted, Fucked Ups ambitious full-lengths are always going to snag the most attention. But when it comes to chronicling the groups heart, recklessness, and rabid devotion to the fine art of the punk anthem, Couple Tracks is the true classic."
Q Magazine,80,"This career-spanning retrospective helps put Fucked Ups unlikely critical-darling status in perspective, and serves as a handy catch-up tool for those whove come to the party late."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"Think of this impressive, 25-song double-CD compilation as Singles Going Screaming -- a testament to a Canadian punk institution."
Billboard.com,80,"The bands phlegm-clotted bark and crisp four-chord surges remain intact throughout, whilst at the same time appearing more refined and steadily more adventurous."
Alternative Press,80,"This wildly varied collection begins with their first release in 2002, 'No Pasaran' about the Spanish Civil War, and include treats such as 'Dream Come True,' a self-released 7' given away at gigs, which sounds like Henry Rollins singing the 'Grease 'soundtrack while vomiting marbles. Yes, it's that good. [Feb 2010, p.84]"
Spin,80,"Couple Tracks seizes on these dichotomies and captures Fucked Up in all of its multi-faceted glory."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Although this record reeks of Matador Records looking to score capital off Fucked Up, its not a bad way to go. Couple Tracks would be great for someone who wants the Fucked Up experience."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Granted, 25 songs of fast, furious, gravelly hardcore punk may seem like a lot to take--and some of the raw alternate takes are in best form in their fully evolved multi-tracked versions on the excellent Chemistry of Common Life and Hidden World albums--but even so, most of the songs included on Couple Tracks are absolute necessities."
PopMatters,80,"Damian Abraham's vocals are still the star of the show, but the cleanness of Couple Tracks shows how, with the right kind of engineering, Abraham's behemoth-unleashed singing, rather than alienate non-hardcore kids, ices the cake on an already great band."
Rolling Stone,80,"Five unreleased LP outtakes and alternate versions make this essential even for Fucked Up completists. [Feb 2010, p. 115]"
Los Angeles Times,78,"It's a bold, scattershot declaration that leaves vinyl junkies ready to track down Fucked Up's coinciding (but not included) 7-inch single, 'Couple Tracks.'"
Hot Press,70,"Those who dont want to trawl ebay and other such sites for the out-of-print singles will be happy to have these fabled tracks available to them. Its just a shame that a release a mere month ago would have allowed more people to fit 'David Christmas' on their festive playlists."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"For those searching for clues as to where this band came from or where it might go next, Couple Tracks offers up an attractive proposition indeed."
Alternative Press,70,"This is a goldmine for some great material that may have fallen beyond your grasp. [Winter 2010, p.74]"
Rock Sound,68,"Despite its nonchronological sequencing and song-cherrypicking, it never really comes together as an album; it's more like 'the many moods of Fucked Up,' or, rather, their many variations on one mood."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"While it is by no means required listening, Couple Tracks is certainly worth it for newcomers and short-time fans of an up and coming experimental punk band. And while it never achieves an album feel, it's got enough short blast of quality to make it worth the money."

Delusions of Adequacy,100,"Motion City Soundtrack have made the best album of their career and easily one of the best albums of 2010 or any other year. [Feb 2010, p.91]"
The Boston Phoenix,92,"The complexities and dense topics still remain on Dinosaur, giving the album many layers for the listener to peel apart. Basically, My Dinosaur Life is the fusion of the best moments of Motion City Soundtrack's previous three albums and expanding on that, while maintaining all the uniqueness and quirks that fans love about the band."
AllMusic,91,"On My Dinosaur Life, the Minneapolis quintet's winning fourth album (ably produced by blink-182's Mark Hoppus), frontguy Justin Pierre lets his geek flag fly, likening a breakup to the destruction of Superman's home world and puzzling over ephemera ranging from acid rain to Busta Rhymes, all backed by soaring choruses guaranteed to fossilize themselves into your brain."
Pitchfork,83,"In the end, Motion City Soundtrack has created another in a series of impeccably constructed pop albums."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Even after ten years of navigating the new millennium's punk-emo scene, Motion City Soundtrack sound positively hungry. My Dinosaur Life is a sugar rush without the crash at the end, just the insatiable need to hear it all again."
NOW Magazine,80,"Instead of concerning themselves with matters out of their control, Motion City Soundtrack have knuckled down and at last knocked one out of the park."
Austin Chronicle,70,"My Dinosaur Life, on which the band strikes a radio-ready balance between mayhem and melody, may well trigger their long-awaited breakthrough."
The A.V. Club,70,"Motion City Soundtrack's smart-aleck tendencies combine nicely with a harder sound on My Dinosaur Life, pushing the band back to its roots with enough twist to propel it in a new direction."
NOW Magazine,70,"They have evolved their sound in this release with a host of much stronger tracks than ever before. While the immaturity remains in these tracks, the instrumentals are much more polished and infectious."
Spin,70,"While the album has its share of radio-friendly anthems like 'A Lifeless Ordinary,' the real standouts on the band's fourth full-length are the grittier, unexpected moments such as the sinisterly syncopated 'Hysteria' or post-hard-core masterpiece 'Disappear.' [Mar/Apr 2010, p.90]"
BBC Music,60,"Taking on the whole album without the aid of the skip button is likely to leave one feeling over-caffeinated and under-stimulated; you're better off going straight to the highlights, which are so generously hook-laden as to withstand any number of compulsive replays."
Uncut,60,"My Dinosaur Life, with it's punchy guitars and lyrics about ennui and breaking up and video games, would fit perfectly in any blink fan's iTunes library."
Dusted Magazine,60,"It was produced by Blink-182's Mark Hoppus, a fact evident within five seconds of opener, 'Worker Bee.' [May 2010, p.126]"

Delusions of Adequacy,70,"Here, they deliver a sequel as successor, less a follow-up and more an outright usurper from the underworld."
AllMusic,66,"Were we swimming in a sea of likeminded releases, Frauhaus may seem merely competent-- a collection that leaves listeners wishing the trio weren't so slavish in their devotion to early-80s post-punk and no wave, but one that gets the toughly innocent, acidic vibe right nonetheless."
Prefix Magazine,60,"At less than two minutes, many of the songs remain as sketches neither punchy enough to work as snotty punk songs nor ever developed into anything more."
Mojo,60,"Is Frauhaus! a groundbreaking musical statement? Absolutely not. Is it in the spirit of great, similarly-minded albums from contemporaries past and present? Resoundingly, yes."
Austin Chronicle,60,"The charms of this deceptively nifty record slowly revealed with each spin. [Feb 2010, p.107]"
Drowned In Sound,55,"Its certainly punk, but it does not rock. At less than a 30-minute running time, its revealing that much of Frauhaus! is quite tedious. The future may hold great things for Wetdog, but for now their appeal doesnt reach much further than diehard genre adherents."

PopMatters,90,"Pretty much, Say Anything offers more for fans and opens up the Say Anything sound for new users to come and enjoy. Its the perfect balance of a step forward and a redaction to a more safe sound."
Under The Radar,80,"This is an impulsive album, an odd piece of work that manages to be puzzling without alienating the listener."
Pitchfork,80,"On his third album, Bemis has crafted one of his strongest musical statements yet, outright mocking genre conventions one second before deliberately succumbing to them the next, showcasing large amounts of self-referential humor but never once stopping to point out just how clever he is and feeding into what could potentially be a Kanye-sized ego."
No Ripcord,80,"In the end, all of this makes Say Anything the most mature  as well as the catchiest--record in Say Anythings already impressive oeuvre."
Alternative Press,78,"The chaos is nothing new for Say Anything, but the band's newest release is tightly executed and gives fans a deeper look into Bemis' clever mind."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"That's how much of of this album feels--confusing....Our advice? Stick to the disc's first half; it's where you'll find the best songs. [Nov 2009, p.114]"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"The music doesn't always keep up with Bemis' self-absorbed lyrical jujitsu, but there's definite charm in the struggle."
The A.V. Club,67,"It's even better crafted than its sprawling, genre-hopping predecessor. Sadly, its also more obnoxiously solipsistic."
AllMusic,60,"There's sax and doo-wop here, but Bemis is at his best yelling stuff like 'I can't define myself through irony and self-deprecation!' over taut punk pop."

Drowned In Sound,90,"It's the core group that delivers the most astonishing displays of hardcore fury and progressive musical exploration on Axe to Fall"
Spin,90,"The closest Converge has ever come to pure doom metal, Ballous sustained chords, bent strings, and screeching lead fills are anchored by Newtons and Kollers disciplined approach, the chemistry more than apparent during the Big Black-esque break, during which all four members, well, converge in a way that has the rest of us marveling at not only how these guys manage to still sound so fresh on record, but actually get better with each one they put out."
Billboard.com,85,"A huge array of guests help out, representing acts like Disfear, 108, Genghis Tron, and Neurosis. They are too many to list, but the bottom line is, they work. Whether they're yelling, singing, or laying down leads, they fit their songs. And that in itself is fitting."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Axe To Fall makes good with an appetite for reinvention."
Revolver,80,"Converge create art-school hardcore while still delivering on metals basest needs."
Slant Magazine,70,"Sure the plot has been done to death and you know what's going to happen; but the personalities involved draw you in like a rubbernecker gawking at a highway accident fromth safety of his car. [Nov 2009, p.105]"
PopMatters,60,"Staying true to a 20-year career of uncompromising extremity, it will take commitment to breach this seventh album's walls of noise. [Dec 2009, p. 113]"
Q Magazine,60,"It's Converge's energy that impresses first, their brutal, full-blooded fury, the sheer physical assault; listen closer, however, and you'll find a group as inventive and progressive in their riffage as Slayer or Metallica at their early apex, a compulsive complexity to their chaos. [Feb 2010, p. 100]"
BBC Music,60,"It worries me that cheesy metal riffs have made their way onto a Converge record, making it sound like it might be accepted on tour with Mastodon. Its not a matter of breaking apart but experimentation that might not always go right."
Pitchfork,50,"In general, 'Axe to Fall' speaks towards the stagnancy of most bands in the metal genre. The collaborators here can't even help a band as good as Converge make a solid record and when examining Converge's almost flawless discography that is wholly unexplainable."

New Musical Express (NME),80,"Welcome back ladies. The world's more fun with you in it. [Nov 2009, p.114]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Die-hard Slits fans who aren't put off by the band's newfound professionalism or the greater reliance on keyboards at the expense of guitar will find their faith rewarded by Trapped Animal."
Uncut,70,"It seems borne more out of logical considerations than organic ones. It doesnt mean the music is necessarily bad, but rather that its animated more out of a lifelessness than anything else. Its undead music."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Up's German-Jamaican patois still sounds youthful, and bassist Tess Pollitt's dub rhythms still vibrate with reggae power. But with the duo augmented by newer, young female musicians, a more playful approach hits and misses."
Sputnikmusic,60,"On Trapped Animal they bring that approach to bear on a wider range of styles--dancehall, digi-dub, roots reggae, lover's rock - although the title track and Reject stand out as the most originally shaped punky pop songs. [Dec 2009, p. 95]"
AllMusic,60,"Despite the 28-year gap since they first disbanded, this lineup resumes as if it were only yesterday, in a joyously abrasive, renegade reggae style with lyrics that don't mess about. [Dec 2009, p. 113]"
PopMatters,60,"Some might find Issues a bit too strenuous ('I stand up to them and confront/While you choose to be a cunt, ' claims Up) but as fans know, The Slits are meant to be full-on. [Dec 2009, p. 126]"
Delusions of Adequacy,50,"Animal is a study in patience and makes one pine for the visceral indulgence of the past. [Fall 2009, p.60]"
Billboard.com,50,"As far as the sound goes, they do nicely when they are respectful of the reggae tradition, when they mix punchy punk vocals and reggae, and, occasionally, when they mix world music styles with the former. The move into a more electronic dancehall style, however, mostly combines with poor lyrics for a one-two punch that may knock out many listeners from the very first track."
Alternative Press,47,"Trapped Animal is nothing more than an odds-and-sods record being passed off as 'business as usual' by a band that doesn't seem to know what that business is anymore."
Spin,40,"Were all for people celebrating the music they love free from boundaries of race and that, but theres something inescapably grating about hearing a German/English newspaper heiress wittering on about fucking Babylon in thick patois. Crushingly disappointing."
The A.V. Club,30,"The thick and poorly affected patois, the overproduction, and the sheer terribleness of the songs on Trapped Animal seem, at best, a huge dent in The Slits otherwise immaculate armor."
Rolling Stone,30,"Even with slick production the instrumentation is lackluster, missing that rattling punk energy; in their overt politics and complete lack of subtlety, the lyrics are trite."

AllMusic,70,"While Tokio Hotel may not have matured enough to hang with the big boys yet, they are most certainly the dark horses pacing up and down the Disney fringe."
PopMatters,70,"Humanoid is no less appealingly shiny than its 2007 stateside debut, 'Scream.' But with the exception of the song 'Automatic,' an instantly catchy chunk of bubble-grunge perfection, it does have fewer killer melodies, which allows more of your brain to focus on Kaulitz's lyrics."
Pitchfork,50,"This music doesn't particularly sound like it was created by human beings, but it's no doubt close enough for their many fans."
Drowned In Sound,40,"With the exception of 'Hey You' and 'World Behind My Wall,' the album is melodically anemic and strangely low-key. Subtle is not a mode that suits Kaulitz."

NOW Magazine,80,"Burmas ragged and raging record is a start-to-finish blast, but dont miss out on the partys substance: crafty vocals, heroic guitars, dark humor, steely resolve."
Alternative Press,80,"The Sound The Speed The Light is as good as 'Obliterati.'"
Q Magazine,80,"It would've been easy to let The Sound cruise from there, filling it with solid also-rans. But the energy level and commitment continue unabated."
Mojo,80,"It sounds like, well, another solid Mission Of Burma record. [Nov 2009, p.110]"
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Even if this is a by-the-numbers creation, it certainly adopts the same fiery posture that every Burma album encompasses. It just has to be looked upon with a different mindset. So heres a toast to conviction."
Sputnikmusic,80,"The Sound finds Burma at a new peak of sorts. But this one not only packs a visceral instrumental punch, but also engenders a sense of danger sorely lacking in today's largely fangless garage punk scene."
Alternative Press,75,"The Sound The Speed The Light may not reach the same heights as its predecessor, but it shows Mission Of Burma still in fine form, and making rocks most improbable comeback look easy."
AllMusic,70,"The Sound the Speed the Light falls a few feet short of the level of excellence Mission of Burma have set for themselves in the past--though most contemporary bands would be overjoyed to make an album as interesting and compelling as this one."
Dusted Magazine,70,"While The Sound The Speed The Light might not push the band beyond the ground theyve already covered, it goes a long way towards proving that more of the same isnt so bad when it comes from the right outfit."
The Guardian,70,"The Sound the Speed the Light pushes the same boundaries that Mission of Burma has always pushed, and no doubt it will lose points for not pushing any new boundaries."
Mojo,70,"This album sounded exactly as I imagined it would, sounding pumped in straight from a dingy practice space from the early 80s. Its just that the music sounds more in service to the post-punk ideal than to the individual songs, affecting a feeling of taking a wild trip through a style instead of offering memorable individual experiences."
Uncut,70,"The trio continue to demonstrate their chops and their wit over these 41 minutes."
Q Magazine,67,"A surprising change of pace for a band that shows no signs of slowing down."
Under The Radar,60,"The band rolls out another solid, if slightly unspectacular album."
PopMatters,60,"This isn't quite their peak (not least since it seems to have been recorded in a shed next to a motorway), but when they hit their stride it's clear why they're so revered, most thrillingly on the anthem that is, 1,2,3, Partyy!, the stentorian Forget Yourself or the beguiling closer, Slow Faucet. [Jan 2010, p. 122]"
Pitchfork,60,"What's remarkable though, is the seamless way in which they carried on from where they left off after their two-decade hiatus: although this sounds modern, it still has enough of their early urgency, once more balancing the anthemic ('SSL83', 'One Day We Will Live There') with a thrilling sense of a band about to career off-course at any moment. [Jan 2010, p. 121]"

New Musical Express (NME),100,"Crash is easily A.F.I.'s best since 2003's 'Sing the Sorrow,' and the cheeky pop-punk chorus of 'Too Shy To Scream' is their first successful decree to boogie the night away."
Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"In no uncertain terms, Crash Love is an accomplishment that raises the bar for them as musicians and writers."
Prefix Magazine,88,"The music of AFI wasn't always as daring as its fashion sense, but the NoCal band has grown with accelerating sophistication, stepping further beyond easy pop-punk thrashings to something grander, with music to match the mopey melodrama of Havok's words."
AllMusic,80,"Ultimately, AFI have lightened up the band's darkly-sexy vibe on Crash Love and delivered a yearning, perfect pop/rock crush of an album."
Billboard.com,80,"With fewer studio effects and electronic twiddles, Crash Love is a simpler rock record than its US number one predecessor 'Decemberunderground.' If anything, it's better however, and shows that while fusing goth, punk and pop doesn't need to be rocket science, when AFI are involved it's very definitely an artform."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Crash Love doesnt demand the listeners attention to the same degree as Decemberunderground did, but closer inspection reveals a more intricate and well-constructed album."
Rolling Stone,73,"Even though Crash Love isn't terribly progressive in scope and the band's '80s idolatry might one day run its course, the set is another highlight in a discography that's as consistent as it is expansive."
Boston Globe,60,"Davey Havok builds lyrics around the vague concept of a souring relationship, and amid some fetching singalongs (the Cure-y, uptempo 'Veronica Sawyer Smokes'), he gets his dark mojo working."
Dusted Magazine,60,"AFI may not be breaking new ground, but they never forget who listens hardest."
Pitchfork,42,"The limited palette this time around doesnt do the band any favors."
Alternative Press,40,"The quartet's hardcore horror shtick has been homogenised to such an extent that this teen-friendly eigth release could soundtrack the next Twilight movie. [Nov 2009, p.101]"
No Ripcord,30,"It's at the safest of removes; emote by rote, numbness by numbers."

Under The Radar,60,"When they stretch farthest away from their origins, as they do on the plodding power ballad 'Sudden Movements,' their sound takes a turn for the best."
The A.V. Club,60,"Brendan OBrien, best known for his continuous work with Pearl Jam and Springsteen, takes over from Gavin Brown on Billys third s/t offering, and theres some noticeable dulling of the edges here."
AllMusic,50,"III is unspectacular, yet its laudable that Billy Talents chins to remain unencumbered by the ballbags of big business."
Tiny Mix Tapes,40,"It may not be an unpleasant listen, but it's a strangely soulless one. [Aug 2009, p.101]"
Prefix Magazine,40,"Maybe they should have bigger ambitions. [Spe 2009, p.79]"
Delusions of Adequacy,40,"the overall tone of Billy Talent III is, at best, one of stagnation and, at worst, one of regression."
Drowned In Sound,20,"The intensity on Billy Talent III feels the same as the intensity of the band's live show, awkwardly forced and absolutely repellent."

Austin Chronicle,91,"Love And Curses still generates plenty of highs. Cartwrights songwriting draws on Stax, Sun, and the Brill Building, combining a classic pop structure--simple and memorable--with a fair amount of only-got-this-studio-booked-for-an-hour immediacy."
PopMatters,90,"Musically invigorating, lyrically exciting, and thematically prescient from start to finish, Love and Curses gets my vote as the best album of 2009."
Q Magazine,85,"Love and Curses is filled with great melodies that burrow deep into the skull without being cloying, and offers lyrical sentiments that tug at universal truths without pandering."
Uncut,80,"Love and Curses features 14 songs driven by soul, strength and fierce belief, and with a voice as strong as Greg Cartwright fronting a band this tight and effective, Reigning Sound are just about unbeatable; they're one of America's great bands and they're firing on all cylinders with Love and Curses."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Love and Curses is a rock n roll record with neither pretense nor manicure, a clean glimpse into rocks exposed essence."
Alternative Press,80,"The results are impressive: the requisite 1960s garage cover sits happily alongside the band's traditional urgency, and their newfound classicism. [Nov 2009, p.99]"
Los Angeles Times,76,"Love and Curses sounds as much a product of the present as of the past, and the new songs attack with goblin force but vampire sophistication, thanks to another new line-up."
AllMusic,72,"Everything is in complete control, which says a lot about their zen-like mastery of the garage rock cubbyhole, but for me half the fun was the audible battle happening right there in the mix: the sweet sound of instruments bucking around, splashing cold water into cold faces."
musicOMH.com,67,"Love and Curses is a sound entry into the Sound discography, one Cartwright seems intent on tuning up."
Sputnikmusic,60,"Potent, and strangely noble. [Nov 2009, p.112]"
Billboard.com,60,"His nicotine-gritted , hurt-strained voice finds a honeyed foil in Dave Amels' swirling organ, while rhythm section David Wayne Gay and Lance Willie provide R&B warmth and swinging, bar-band stomp. [Dec 2009, p. 96]"

Rolling Stone,70,"The songs of OCD Go Go Go Girls stand-up to a certain mood--one, passed a certain age, that's usually buoyant and beer-fuelled."
Spin,70,"Whether or not the band are more than just a gumbo of their influences is debatable, but in all honesty, OCD Go Go Go Girls is so damnably fun to listen to that you really couldnt care."
The A.V. Club,60,"While it hasn't got them to their destination, this album is a definite step in the right direction."
Q Magazine,60,"OCD Go Go Go Girls is, as Think was, simply an imperfect heads-up for Lovvers live skills."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Their first proper LP reflects its jittery title; it's brimful with melody, scuffed guitars and singer Shaun Hencher's scuzzy vocals."

AllMusic,100,"Making good on the only slightly veiled threats of Curses, the new Travels With Myself And Another finds Falkous barbed stories--of fruitless sex, godless existence, and other pointless-yet-unavoidable bullshit--stretched wire-taut, with nary a moment of wasted energy."
NOW Magazine,90,"Travels... is a 33 minute monster without a slither of excess fat, and the best thing Andy Falkous has ever put his name to."
New Musical Express (NME),90,"Travels With Myself and Another is the best thing this crew has ever made. Its got all you could ask for: hooks, riffs, volume, wordplay, razor-sharp absurdity, and Jack Egglestones incomparable power drumming."
Q Magazine,90,"By no means a feel-good record, Travels With Myself and Another is rich with enough black humor, sharp perspectives and tight muscular music to make it one of the best rock albums of the year."
Uncut,80,"Travels with Myself and Another distinguishes Future of the Left from Mclusky without completely severing ties, and proves they're a band that can keep post-hardcore exciting with righteous anger and merciless wit."
PopMatters,80,"Yet despite the occasionally black subject matter this is a fine and powerful album for lovers of red meat rock, served rare."
Drowned In Sound,80,"As 80s revivalism hits its self-fellating peak, its a pleasure to hear an album that knows escapism isnt dressing up like a fucking unicorn--its shutting your eyes and screaming until your throat burns."
The A.V. Club,80,"In addition finding new ways to snarl in their music, the lyrics go beyond mere cleverness into sharp, thoughtful introspection, making Travels a document of a creatively restless band out to prove something to themselves, and not just the fans theyve picked up along the way."
PopMatters,80,"Travels with Myself and Another expands the complexity, adding guitar solos and a more careful sense of composition to the pounding fray."
Prefix Magazine,80,"These Brits--featuring two members of Mclusky, a great band that died in 2005--spit fiery, trebly guitarrock venom with such lusty glee that following them to hell actually sounds inviting."
AllMusic,80,"A band that couldn't ddcide if they preferred the caustic post-grunge of The Jesus Lizard or the absurdist, singalong witticisms of Half Man Half Biscuit, so choose to do both. Happily, the band have the muscular riffs and eloquence to pull off both. [Jul 2009, p.88]"
Dusted Magazine,70,"With the razor-sharp, endlessly listenable, and wildly rocking Travels with Myself and Another, Future of the Left have put their past to rest."
Uncut,67,"No single frontman in indie quite possesses Falkouss unique blend of obnoxious charisma, and that fact alone makes Travels a sometimes engaging listen, but hes still made an album that steers dangerously close to emulating the bros hes spent his entire career railing against."
Pitchfork,63,"Travels with Myself and Another doesn't quite live up to the band's first studio album, 2007's 'Curses,' but it reaches the same boorishly absurd heights on the spastic 'Drink Nike' and on 'Stand by Your Manatee,' a catchy freakout about the 'shame' of using plastic silverware."
cokemachineglow,40,"Trying to find a sense of humour amidst the walloping woe is exhausting. [Aug 2009, p.107]"

Austin Chronicle,80,"Indictments abound on The People Or The Gun, Anti-Flag's seventh full-length that proves Pittsburgh's politically aware punks haven't lost their bite nor bark. [Jul 2009, p.122]"
Q Magazine,80,"They get the sentiment of a thousand anguished FT editorials across in a mere 30 minutes."
Mojo,70,"Even if People or the Gun does nothing to break new barriers musically, fans of their early work will be pleased to hear a return to form."
Dot Music,70,"The album never challenges the conventions of a political punk rock record. Because so many political punk rock records have come and gone, Anti-Flag missed another opportunity to at least make The People or the Gun a little more compelling than its army of predecessors."
Drowned In Sound,58,"The band isnt in the same lyrical league as others of similar political persuasions. What they do have is energy, which makes about half the album enjoyable, in spite of lyrics that would sound more appropriate coming from a high-school freshman."

musicOMH.com,90,"While The Loud Wars is overflowing with extremely impressive musicianship, creative time shifts, and interesting instrumentation, it also has an inviting pop sensibility. [Jun 2009, p.99]"
New Musical Express (NME),70,"The latest album from St Louis, Illinois, quartet So Many Dynamos is definitely a keeper."
The Guardian,65,"If you dont mind the lack of edge or grunginess--which is to say, if you like your danger safe--bring extra artillery. You could spend serious time deconstructing this album."
The A.V. Club,60,"There are memorable riffs and lyrics throughout this album, but nearly all of the vocal melodies fall curiously flat. This cuts down a lot on the catchiness of the songs and makes the whole package slightly less memorable."
Drowned In Sound,55,"When I take The Loud Wars as a justifiably forgotten but enjoyable enough record from a bygone era, I'm soothed; it's a little better than, oh, Fake French or something, and I'm sure as hell not going to dig around to find that one with this thing floating around."

Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Sometimes observing that a band keeps making the same record is an insult. Not so with Rancid--and not when the records are this good."
No Ripcord,80,"With this exceptional comeback album, Rancid back up that boast [We got it right, you got it wrong, were still around, Armstrong proclaims on Dominoes key single, Last One to Die.] in spades and prove they are the only punk band of their generation who still matters--regardless of their age."
AllMusic,80,"By making a record that solely lives up to the standards they've set themselves, Rancid have maintained their dedication to the punk ethos with a resonance that will shine longer than the dozen rewrites of 'Ruby Soho' some fans want from them. [Jul 2009, p.121]"
musicOMH.com,80,"Seven albums in, not much has changed for Rancid, and that's a good thing."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Rancid's strength is singer Tim Armstrong's touching depictions of the world; from his heritage on 'East Bay Night' to swimming through the devastation of hurricane-stricken New Orleans and on his brother's time in Iraq on the acoustic 'Civilain Ways.'"
Pitchfork,70,"Rancid's been doing this a long time and while they'll never recapture the exact same power and glory they exuded in the '90s', on Let the Dominos Fall they show they've got more than enough of each to get by in grand style."
Slant Magazine,70,"The sunny brutalism of Rancid's East Bay ska-thrash has lost nary a step and their ethical-emotional rigor is as sweet as it is pure."
Spin,70,"Rancid sat out most of the Bush years, and they make up for lost time here, decrying corporate greed and the Iraq War in rave-ups."
Uncut,67,"This is a record meant to sound good and feel good, though its unlikely to stir many passionate feelings, for or against it."
PopMatters,60,"This album, the bands seventh, feels familiar in structure, packed with the usual two-minute bursts of aggression. But its improbably weighty and ponderous and unusually slow moving for a band that specializes in gnashing."
cokemachineglow,60,"Thier latest dusts off their usual blend of late-'70s Clash-styled punk, ska and dub reggae, but applies topspin via 'Civilian Ways,' a bluesy folk exercise inspired by the return of Armstrong's brother from Iraq. [Sep 2009, p.92]"
The Boston Phoenix,40,"They appear to be sincere in their sloganeering so youve got to admire them, but, really, the message of a song like New Orleans gets seriously undermined by the shiny Busted balloon its caught inside."

Q Magazine,80,"Just 22 minutes long, We Be Xuxa doesn't waste time in proving that Mika Miko can expand on their Cali-punk roots without losing what made them vital in the first place."
Alternative Press,80,"Its catchy, committed, prehensile punk rock."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"While not as hybrid as Abe Vigoda nor as melodic as Jay Reatard, these women kick out a place in the musical universe through sheer, happy, blasting audacity."
AllMusic,70,"Here, as elsewhere, there may be subtext and hidden allusions but the important stuff is bouncing around on the surface."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"As it clatters into earshot, the most immediately surprising thing about We Be Xuxa is that it sounds pretty much how youd expect it to, ie confused, teenage and drunk."
The A.V. Club,65,"For those who like their music brief and stupid-simple (and appreciate the various strains of the punk canon Mika Miko are drawing upon), We Be Xuxa can be plenty of fun."
Alternative Press,64,"Xuca keeps the listener at a chasmic distance from anything resembling intensity or urgency."
Rock Sound,63,"Many moments of We Be Xuxa come close to fulfilling the band's Slits-meets-Wipers mania, but much of the record feels so giddily tossed off that one almost wishes for a little sheen."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Their live shows are always explosive fun, but for the first time, the ladies (and their new dude drummer) capture their rowdy energy in a studio."
PopMatters,60,"Songs like 'Turkey Sandwich' are nothing new, exactly, but win out on guts. [Jul 2009, p.91]"
Pitchfork,50,"On record it's just a little flat because it's all about energy and despite occasional flourishes, the songs are a bit underwhelming."
Boston Globe,50,"No one can deny the Los Angeles group's enthusiasm. However as for Mika Miko's album, their creativity seems numbed by monotonous repetition."

PopMatters,80,"Its vital for the maintenance of Gallows present profile that they curb their enthusiasm for experimentation and pushing the envelope of aggressiveness to some degree, and by doing this sensibly, theyve produced an album thats big on surprises but that also ticks the essential boxes of heaviness and melody."
Alternative Press,80,"While the listener is largely swamped in this sense of horror and disgust--which no doubt makes the point--Gallows are also concerned with some kind of catharsis."
Billboard,80,"Gallows are the sound of this country's rising fury. And people in power need to listen, because if it spills over, there'll be trouble."
Mojo,80,"Grey Britain sports some decidely non-punk maneuvers in the form of piano-concerto codas and unnerving sound effects that elevate the band from mere street-punk cliches. [Jun 2009, p.104]"
AllMusic,80,"An antidote to pop bands masquerading as punk, this is the real deal--ugly, and utterly English. [Jun 2009, p.98]"
Spin,80,"Grey Britain is at once more accessible than its chaotic predecessor, 'Orchestra Of Wolves.' but also harder hitting. [Jun 2009, p.122]"
Rolling Stone,80,"Grey Britain builds upon its predecessor without diluting any of its rabid energy and grinding, oppressive negativity. [Jun 2009, p.86]"
The A.V. Club,60,"Shifting into metalcore territory is a tricky decision, since a lot of their initial appeal was due to the fact that they were making their own personal stamp on revitalizing punk--a genre that's becoming increasingly saturated with commercialism. Here, they seem less unique."
The New York Times,60,"It's not like they intended to win over Lady GaGa fans with their scantily clad synth-pop, but ended up making a unremittingly gruesome prog-punk album by mistake. And there's no getting around the sheer power of the music, which grabs you by the throat and pins you against the wall, the better for Carter to scream in your face."
Uncut,60,"Grey Britain has important things to say, but due to the lack of any direction or mission, it allows itself to be eaten up by the anger that fuels it."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"Trimmed down to a good 35-40 minutes, and with a producer like Kurt Ballou instead of the more polished-sounding Garth Richardson, this might have been the provocative, inflammatory second record that Gallows fans had hoped for. Instead were left with yet another young band whose reach far exceeds its grasp."

AllMusic,70,"The band sounds the most engaged on the early hardcore numbers like 'Suicidal Maniac' (Suicidal Tendencies), 'Thirsty and Miserable' (Black Flag), and 'It's the Limit' (Cro-Mags), while nods to the metal gods such as 'Ghosts of War' (Slayer) and 'Escape' (Metallica) are blistering and volatile enough to warrant inclusion, but feel a little rote."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Every band represented on For The Lions are hardcore legends, and Hatebreed do their songs justice--they just don''t deliver anything in the way of innovation. [Jun 2009, p.104]"
Prefix Magazine,60,"Overstuffed and a little undercooked, Lions suffers from the fact that Hatebreeds influences arent terribly diverse, and many of the short, hard, and fast numbers tend to blend together in a way that wont appeal to anyone without a working knowledge of the American hardcore canon."
Dusted Magazine,60,"While it may not stand up to the rest of Hatebreeds canon, it does a great job of promoting some smaller acts that the average fan may not be aware of, and is a must-have for those antsy for new material."

New Musical Express (NME),80,"You might not trust Thee Oh Sees to give you a ride home after a gig, but if you're looking for a seriously buzzy rave-up, Help certainly delivers the goods."
Pitchfork,80,"On Help, bits of digital noise have worked their way into the sound, like the band is absorbing the textures of Dwyers more avant projects. Or maybe its just a crunchy topping to contrast with the creamy icing, because this is one cake of a record, as approachable as Dwyer has ever been."
cokemachineglow,80,"If you're a lifelong garage-rock purist or just enjoy the occasional Jay Reatard track, there's a good chance you'll get a lot of mileage out of Help. It's hard not to: This is like meat and potatoes prepared by a master chef--totally familiar but utterly delicious."
Los Angeles Times,80,"San Fran stalwart John Dwyer continues to deliver quality goo goo muck with his subterranean garage-psych combo. [Aug 2009, p.104]"
Rolling Stone,80,"It's an exhilarating racket, to say the least. [Sep 2009, p.88]"
Uncut,78,"Save for a track or two, Help is indeed fully erect."
musicOMH.com,50,"Its fairer to say that this album fails me because these 12 tracks are simply not interesting enough, especially for a band that was always so visceral and engaging."

Urb,80,"Solid, creative, urgent albums like Coaster cement the fact that whenever someone gets around to opening a Punk Rock Hall Of Fame, NOFX should be in its inaugural clas. [Jun 2009, p97]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"As a whole, it's not one of their best records, considering the size of their discography, but it's not a bad little record. Fans will like it since the band is still shining as a tight unit and hasn't lost a step musically."
Observer Music Monthly,60,"Beneath their notorious humour, 11th studio album Coaster is less angry than previous political witch hunts, but Fat Mike and co still love to offend."
Dot Music,60,"Coasters not exemplary, but its definitely a quality late-career entry in NOFXs increasingly uniform catalogue."
Alternative Press,60,"Despite these touches, musically NOFX are pretty much doing the same thing they always have."

Mojo,80,"With Blink-182/+44 bassist Mark Hoppus producing, Fight does pack a wallop, enveloping frontman Jordan Pundik's angsty relationship paeans on a dozen compact, dynamic and hooky tracks in a mere 35 minutes."
Q Magazine,75,"Even these songs give way to the loud-guitar/crunching-rhythm style that drives the rest of Not Without A Fight, demonstrating that, softening middle years be damned, New Found Glory still hits hard enough to matter."
Uncut,70,"Taken as a whole, Not Without a Fight is a pleasant listen, mature in its outlook, and happily adolescent in its vigor."
AllMusic,70,"There is some filler, particularily within the latter half, which despite the inspired riffage, isn't as memorable as the former. If Fight was a smidge more consistent, it would certainly be receiving a higher rating in this review. [Apr 2009, p.131]"
The Guardian,63,"Producer Mark Hoppus (of Blink-182) helps the band remove all the air from the music, but the effect isn't stifling, it's reassuring. With no leeway available, it's not possible for the train to come off the tracks. The result is adolescence reconfigured as a highlight reel."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"New Found Glory's newfound maturity makes for a surprisingly palatable record that will soothe both lovelorn teenagers and their long-suffering parents alike. [Apr 2009, p.108]"
PopMatters,50,"Not Without a Fight bobs and weaves between chugga-chugga riffs and poppy lead licks, with Jordan Pudnik's well-meaning whine bouncing off Chad Gilbert's more assertive (and appealing) bark."
AllMusic,50,"Not Without a Fight lacks the kind of hooks, fun riffs, and sing-along choruses that made the band famous and it also lacks the solid song writing that helped their last album not become a horrible failure."
Alternative Press,50,"It doesnt mean theyve made a bad album here, just a predictable one. Attempting a traditionalist record in any genre is a game of constraints, and those constraints are fully felt on Not Without a Fight."
No Ripcord,40,"Congrats, boys, youve made Warpeds one millionth girls-suck album."
NOW Magazine,20,"This sixth studio set is so generic that it doesn't just sound dated, it makes them sound old. [May 2009, p.91]"

AllMusic,80,"Underneath The Owl is unquestionably the best album of the Gamblers' career thus far. [Apr 2009, p.132]"
Dusted Magazine,70,"It's weird to think that these Texas upstarts are largely relegated to the fringes of pop--what they do is so basic, so elemental, it's hard to even come up with a modifier to place in front of 'rock.'"
Pitchfork,60,"Some of the tunes slip into vague kvetching. But the tenderhearted raveup 'Victory Lap' combines the best of Against Me! and the Replacements."
Mojo,60,"Since the Riverboat Gamblers are regarded as one of the best live acts on the current punk scene, it seems curious that Underneath the Owl follows the strategy of sounding as little like a live performance as possible, and it neuters a band that knows how to get wild in the studio."
Uncut,50,"Side A is all the big, obvious, high-sheen rock, meant to be heard blasting out of speakers in a sweaty dive bar, but its stuff that tends to mash together in the haze of a few PBRs. Side B, tho, while hardly a sea change, shows a willingness to grow and experiment."
Austin Chronicle,40,"Underneath the Owl plays up the Gamblers' pop-punk traits while keeping a tight lid on their explosive tendencies. This wouldn't be of issue if the songs reached out and grabbed you, but ear worms are in short supply here."

Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"As hard-rock takes on the shape of minimalist composition, the repeated rhythms and snatches of melody express rage and frustration long after the lyrics have ceased explicitly stating the message. Its the kind of song that feels as appropriate today as it did 33 years ago. That kind of fervor makes ...For the Whole World to See such a blast and a defining example of the spirit that drives not just rock n roll, but true outsider art."
Alternative Press,80,"Belatedly, it turns out to be great: seven prescise, insurrectionist ramalams that somehow fit somewhere between the MC5's high Time and Dead Boys' 'Sonic Reducer.' [Mar 2009, p.82]"
AllMusic,80,"Although just 26 minutes long, it's an unexpected triumph. [Apr 2009, p.115]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"This previously unreleased mini-album (recorded in late 1974) turns out to be a marvellously invigorating blast of proto-punk intensity."
NOW Magazine,71,"The album falls short of a diamond-in-the-rough-caliber discovery, but considering these seven songs are the remains of an aborted 12-song full-length-from a band that reinvented itself every three or four years, For the Whole World holds up well alongside, say, concurrent Blue Oyster Cult or New York Dolls albums."
PopMatters,70,"Theres not a bad song in the bunch, but the songs from Deaths only official release are the clear highlights on ...For the Whole World to See."
Billboard,70,"For the Whole World to See is not the true revelation the label wants you to think it is but it has some catchy melodies and delivers them at breakneck speeds."
The A.V. Club,60,"Lost in the dustbins until now was 'Freakin Out,' which sounds like a primal version of the Buzzcocks. 'RockNRoll Victim' is the kind of chunky cock rock Kiss would refine for arenas. But not everything is so visionary."

AllMusic,80,"The band's third self-titled album deviates not an inch from the brutal style that's served them well since 2002. [Holiday 2008, p.92]"
Alternative Press,80,"If the spirit of punk and the brawn of US hardcore is to be found anywhere today then it is in this, the third dazzling full-length album by The Bronx. [Jan 2008, p.110]"
Los Angeles Times,80,"This album is the sound of just scraping by with a shitty job but not letting it get you down because theres more than enough beer and guitars to make life worthwhile. Maybe in the next life or maybe in another world, but for right now The Bronx are right now. Welcome back, boys. We missed you."
Q Magazine,70,"Its still a brilliantly sleazy punk rocknroll album that feels, sounds and smells just like you want The Bronx to be, and the fact its so pure and elemental works strongly in its favour."
Spin,70,"Here they dial down the Black Flagderived chaos of 'The Bronx (I)' and '(II),' unleashing sharper melodies and boogie rhythms that Axl Rose might've admired before getting cornrows."
Sputnikmusic,70,"The Bronx III shouldn't be perceived as a misstep, because this band's growing pains have more character than the parade of desperate losers saddled with pay-to-play blues lined up in front of L.A.'s Roxy Theatre. [Dec 2008, p.129]"
PopMatters,70,"Nevertheless, the casual listener will have little to soak up from here, only surface bruising. The masochists amongst us already know were gonna get our kicks from this."
Blender,67,"The Bronx III is muscular and solid and is, more often than not, good clean fun."
Under The Radar,60,"Certainly the LA punk mob have a free-spirited approach to life  as rebellious and American as the Stooges or Jack Kerouac  and every bit as compelling."
Alternative Press,60,"The Bronxs third self-titled album sounds a little too comfortable."
Spin,60,"You can't help but feel that had they cut loose more often--as they do on the album's highlight, 'Ship High in Transit'--and put a bit more punk in their rock, they would have made the record they'd like us to believe they did."
Rolling Stone,60,"A short and sharp, but ultimately shockless, album that would have benefited from changing its tune once in a while. [Feb 2009, p.112]"
AllMusic,58,"Several songs will get your blood pumping; the rest will let you practice your Bronx cheer."
PopMatters,50,"Not many tricks up their sleeves on this album. The Bronx make more of the same noisy, aggressive songs on an album with the same title as their last two."
Austin Chronicle,50,"A return to DIY hardcore aesthetics may find this ferocity translated to record--a quality that is regrettably smothered by an ill-advised rock n roll swagger and a sterile production."
Tiny Mix Tapes,40,"For some of the mercifully brief 33 minutes and 43 seconds of this album there is some merit in the messiness of this L.A. four-piece's palette of punk powerchords and sustained hoarseness. [Jan 2008, p.88]"

Uncut,80,"It's their most glossy, most consistent, most calm, and surprisingly, their most socially relevant album, despite their approach toward middle age on a teen-oriented punk playground."
Q Magazine,80,"All that needs to be said is that C I V I L W A R was well worth the wait."
Observer Music Monthly,75,"The album is mostly interchangeable with its predecessors, right down to the silly samples that bookend the songs."
Pitchfork,64,"Civil War shows a band that's matured in some typical ways-- as if anyone was clamoring for 'broadened perspective' from these guys-- and some unexpected and not unwelcome ones."
Dusted Magazine,60,"While the album has bright spots, overall it feels a bit dull and without the spark that made 1998's 'Midwestern Songs Of The Americas' so fresh and exciting. [Dec 2008, p.132]"

Prefix Magazine,80,"It's not much different (from their first album), and that's no bad thing with Holly Golightly and Lawyer Dave's self-produced duets recalling Leadbelly and Jimmy Reed, as well as the gospel recordings of Loretta Lynn and Nancy & Lee. [Nov 2008, p.109]"
Rolling Stone,80,"Sounds alarmingly authentic to boot. [Nov 2008, p.102]"
Filter,70,"Dirt Don't Hurt isn't necessarily magical, but it is fun and breezy, as well as a nice addition to Golightly's impressive catalog."
Mojo,70,"It's still a heartily ramshackle affair, with pots and pans for percussion, rudimentary banjo picking, and what sound like first take on every track. The album's clattery rawness is its chief appeal."
Prefix Magazine,70,"The ballads tend to turn murky, but the rockers are terrifically drunken reveries."

New Musical Express (NME),75,"Longtime fans need not worry: Uptempo anthems like 'Savior,' 'Kotov Syndrome,' and 'Entertainment' should satisfy anyone still uneasy about Rise Against's radio aspirations."
Spin,70,"There's nothing here you haven't heard before from Rise Against--or, indeed, from Bad Religion before that. But producers Bill Stevenson (of the Descendents and All) and Jason Livermore keep the music moving at a breakneck pace that gives everything the gleam of urgency anyway."
Alternative Press,70,"Rise Against may be nervous about leaving the underground behind, but with sharp songs like these, they're ready for the rest of the world."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Because of the current pop landscape's shift away from melodic rock it's impossible to tell if Rise Against will ever break out, but it's nice to know that, either way, they're still making aggressive, well structured pop-minded hardcore."
Lost At Sea,70,"While it may not be a classic record and wont be the new soundtrack to the revolution, Appeal to Reason is filled with faux-punk rock anthems and memorable lyrics and basslines that will satiate anybodies need for Rise Against."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"Punk-rockers, like bluesmen, often devote themselves to perpetuating their style rather than transforming it. For Rise Against, that relentless earnestness is both a defining factor and a limitation."
NOW Magazine,60,"It all boils down to the simple question of which songs grab you, so there are certainly reasons to give Appeal a whirl and decide for yourself. [Nov 2008, p.151]"
The Guardian,58,"That's a serious issue on Appeal to Reason; songs like 'Re-Education (Through Labor)' and 'Entertainment,' which seeks to redress the evils of media manipulation upon the land, are peppy but pretty empty, power-chord downers with little bark or bite."
Q Magazine,50,"One just wishes the band did it with a bit more grace and inventiveness than on Appeal to Reason, where straight-outta-the Nation song titles like 'Collapse (Post-Amerika)' and 'Re-education (Through Labor)' disguise some pretty conservative ideas about how modern mainstream punk should sound."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"Like the work of a carpenter whos learned, through experience, the quickest and cleanest way to get a job done, its technically polished and modest in its aims."

Hot Press,100,"Smart, cocksure and as cosmopolitan as New York itself, Live At Shea Stadium deserves a place amongst the greats."
PopMatters,80,"Live at Shea rather remarkably captures the band conquering the soon-to-be-demolished stadium, turning the cold, sprawling space into a sweaty Brixton club."
Uncut,80,"It is, more importantly, a fine record of a dynamic live performance by a hugely influential band who transcended their punk origins."
AllMusic,80,"Live at Shea Stadium is a very welcome addition to bands already superb catalog of albums."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Live at Shea Stadium has its flaws: Devotees will rightly quibble with the set list, which is light on rarities and cuts from the Clash's brilliant debut. But the album captures a rousing, crystalline-sounding Clash show."
The A.V. Club,80,"Dub dropouts and freestyle toasts monkey with the beat; the rap on 'Magnificent Seven' yields to 'Armagideon Time,' then returns for more. Many people probably danced. [Nov 2008, p.89]"
Pitchfork,80,"The passion and power generated by Messrs Strummer, Jones, Simonon and Chimes make the proceedings feel like 10 minutes. [Nov 2008, p.170]"
Alternative Press,80,"A worthy addition to the Clash canon. [Nov 2008, p.126]"
Mojo,77,"The set most vividly captures the Clash's most enduring qualities: the triumphs and tribulations of being populist punks."
Uncut,70,"There were some signs prior to this 2008 archival release that this particular gig was pretty good--some of the cuts surfaced on the posthumous live 1999 comp 'From Here to Eternity' and the video to 'Should I Stay or Should I Go' came from this gig--but all the decades of disastrous myths help turn Live at Shea Stadium into a pleasant surprise."
AllMusic,70,"The sonic and theatrical muscle it takes to project to 50,000 people who've paid to see another band adds a sense iof purpose that can't transfigure the superb material but does give the music its own charater. [Nov 2008, p.81]"
Pitchfork,67,"The live mix is less than stellar, especially when compared to posthumous 1999 live compilation 'From Here to Eternity,' but the band sounds tight and lively at many turns."
Spin,40,"It'll no doubt sell by the bucket load; it's one for the completists and dads at Christmas, but first timers looking for an introduction to The Clash should definitely look elsewhere."

The A.V. Club,75,"Big Bad World also features some cranked-guitar rockers seemingly designed to prove the band hasn't gone (totally) soft, but even those ring with echoes of 'Delilah'"
Billboard,70,"Big Bad World is a tidy, enjoyable release, and the Plain White T's deserve points for remaining grounded after a meteoric year."
Rolling Stone,60,"Doo-wop-inspired harmonies lend a barbershop charm to the Chicago quintet's earnest and energetic pop-punk sound, though the retro styling of World occasionally comes off as more tired than inspired."
Slant Magazine,60,"Where past albums documented a litany of bummers, cascading melodies now airbrush moments of depression or kinkiness--even the horny groupie of 'Natural Disaster' sounds like a girl you could take home to Mom. Higgensons new outlook is surprising."
Sputnikmusic,40,"Plain White T's are ultimately as bland and banal as the clothing they take their name from. [Dec 2008, p.133]"
The New York Times,25,"This time around, it's all saccharine pop and desperate ballads."
Alternative Press,10,"One cant help but be at least slightly impressed at the precocious skill with which these polished musicians craft songs so completely shiny and empty."

Entertainment Weekly,90,"The '59 Sound delivers just about everything you could hope for in a well-written rock album."
Los Angeles Times,86,"The quiet-to-loud dynamics aren't forced, the ahh-ahh backing sighs come at the exact right moments, the church bells on the title track sound like god. These songs are simple, mostly, but they're executed perfectly."
PopMatters,80,"Fallon's lyrics continue to embrace the Americana ethos that is sucessfully married with a soulful punk sound as timeless as the sentiments that inspire him. [Sep 2008, p.148]"
Uncut,80,"It even sounds like producer Ted Hutt tried to mimic Jon Landaus production, since singer Brian Fallon sounds like hes singing through vintage mics. It works incredibly well, though, as Gaslight earnestly blast through 12 tracks of melodic punk."
Billboard,80,"Wearing their influences as badges of honour, the New Jersey quartet blast out affecting, soulful punk rock strewn with bitterweet memories of small-town blue-collar America. [Sep 2008]"
musicOMH.com,70,"Led by singer Brian Fallon, the group nails the high-energy, Killers-lite title track that sounds a bit like the Replacements circa Tim."
PopMatters,70,"While they might not be the most original band on the block, the Gaslight Anthem's interpretation of their influences makes for one of the more rewarding punk albums of the year."
Rolling Stone,60,"If you've already worn out your copy of 'Stay Positive,' this is surely your next stop. [Jan 2008, p.94]"
Spin,60,"Fatigue ensues from the relentless stream of common-man clichs, delivered in the most vocally bombastic way possible. Which makes the carefree 'Casanova, Baby!' such a pleasure; the Gaslight Anthem finally stops playing to the stadium, resulting in a positively joyous, catchy rock n roll song."

Alternative Press,70,"As with prior releaes, Woodruff's lyrics can be hokey, but his Midwestern earnestness makes it easy to let it slide. [Sep 2008, p.158]"
Q Magazine,70,"Emo fans will be satisfied; dabblers will have their assumptions about the genre confirmed."
Pitchfork,60,"It's a familiar mix of music, to be sure, but Fragile Future also sounds more valid than other emo albums, even if its hooks aren't quite as muscular as those on the band's previous disc."
AllMusic,58,"It's somewhat disappointing, that the disc's sound and content hew so closely to the standard emo/screamo/hardcore formula. [8 Aug 2008, p.68]"
Blender,58,"Guitarist J.T. Woodruff has assumed all vocals duties, and his nasally whine is virtually indistinguishable from the hordes of similar sounding emo frontmen; that and disappointingly bland hooks make Fragile Future feel formulaic."
Austin Chronicle,20,"Unfortunately, with Fragile Future, Hawthorne Heights start awkwardly and never really find their feet."

Drowned In Sound,90,"Of all the bands in the rock canon, Wire may be the best embodiment of the term forward-thinking that is so vogue nowadays, and Object 47 keeps with the mantra with stunning results."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"Wire is a great band who have often been daunting to approach, so the really dazzling thing about Object 47 is just how approachable and digestible it is."
AllMusic,85,"Object 47 does an excellent job of making a leap toward the avant-pop side of the pop/punk wire walked byuhWire on 'Chairs Missing' and '154.'"
Alternative Press,83,"That misstep ['Patient Flees'] aside, no band mocks harder, and Object 47 is a smartly sardonic piece of work on par with Wire's late-'70s heyday."
Blender,83,"Deprived of Bruce Gilbert's guitar, these fractious lifers return to and improve on their dance-rock '80s."
Q Magazine,80,"Object 47 highlights Wire's pop credentials, but the band hasn't lost its edge."
The A.V. Club,80,"Object 47 is at once warmly familiar as Wire yet not a 'return' to any particular sonic period in the group's convoluted history."
PopMatters,80,"At 35 minutes long, Object 47 is the perfect length: short, to the point, and boasting some of Wire's most vital music."
Lost At Sea,80,"Scuffed-up and brainy, Object 47 finds Wire still beguiling after all these years."
Pitchfork,80,"Pleasingly, this is the Wire's best new music since their glory days in the late '70s. [Aug 2008, p.145]"
Alternative Press,80,"Object 47 is proof that Wires edge remains as sharp as ever."
NOW Magazine,80,"The serrated serenades of Object 47 offer all the compact joys of past Wire classics like '154' and 'Chairs Missing,' but amplified and digitalized for the internet age. [Sep 2008, p.149]"
Q Magazine,80,"Their first album without guitarist Bruce Gilbert draws on their strength as writers of nuanced pop, producing, in the mellow rumble of 'One Of Us,' 'Mekon Headman' and Perspex Icon,' a few more for the next Best Of."
PopMatters,80,"Even when the Wire slow way down, their densely layered riffs reward wall-shaking volumes. [Oct 2008, p.83]"
Slant Magazine,75,"Even when the vocals are being run through processors and the guitars are distorted, it still feels managed, and a lack of high-range makes it inviting and easy to listen to even at its noisiest."
Uncut,60,"Various people have tried to explain to me why I find Object 47 so frustrating.... My inclination is to forget all that and just play the last four tracks over and over."
Magnet,50,"Object 47 is not a horrible record; it just isnt all that good. It has none of the flare found on the bands trilogy of classics and is never quite able to free itself from not-so-desirable labels like bland and unchallenging."
Alternative Press,50,"The album has a very sterile feel to it, almost as if the members all recorded seperately and then mailed their contributions in to be mixed together. [Fall 2008, p.85]"
Billboard,40,"Wire have consistently proclaimed a dedication to looking forward, yet many of the dance-rock collisions here seem rooted in the late 1980s/early 90s."
AllMusic,40,"Neither sparkly nor weird enough. [Sep 2008, p.110]"

Entertainment Weekly,83,"Once again, the Trio lives up to expectations--but it's easy to wonder how much longer that will cut it."
The A.V. Club,80,"Their sound is potent in its simplicity."
Sputnikmusic,70,"The album is still enjoyable and damn catchy in spots  but knowing as much as we do about this talented trio, it seems like it could have been so much better."
Prefix Magazine,70,"These guys seem comfortable with the added sheen--a few tracks could be the Killers covering the Misfits--but Skiba's tunes aren't quite as memorable as those on earlier Alkaline Trio discs, which blunts the overall effect."
PopMatters,70,"There's enough gallows humor and goth aggression to get the faithful swaying, but these guys won't be selling out arenas anytime soon."
cokemachineglow,60,"These gothed-out Chicago yeomen relish a catoonishly dark lyric and if they eke new inspiration out of anything on their sixth studio album--which bounds along, as though bunny-powered, on a pop-punk beat--it's war. [July 2008, p.70]"
The A.V. Club,60,"After five dark, swift albums, they tread fretfully toward maturity and make it seem like walking into the light. [July 2008, p.92]"
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),60,"The ominous charm that had fans nose over tail is not completely lost in Agony & Irony. [Aug 2008, p.156]"
AllMusic,60,"Matt Skiba's bitter lyrics still have an impressive sting, and with My Chemical Romance on hiatus, his misanthropy may yet secure a broader audience. [Aug 2008, p.135]"
Billboard,60,"Perennial underachievers once again fall short of the mark."

Observer Music Monthly,75,"The album tends to sag in the middle, and as for those gentler moments, well, one for two isn't bad ('Kristi, Are You Doing Okay?' is OK)."
Spin,60,"There are potent moments like the rise-and-fall ballad 'Kristy, Are You Doing Okay?' and the fierce 'Nothingtown,' but 'Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace' sounds more like a tentative step in the Offspring's new direction."
Q Magazine,60,"The patchwork of styles thrown around here distracts you from the album's strengths."
No Ripcord,60,"Sounding closer to their more earnest Smash days, the songs are snappy to-the-point SoCal punk, albeit with a more polished sheen."
Alternative Press,50,"The album's latter half contains some welcome pop moments--'Nothingtown' and 'Let's Hear It for Rock Bottom' make going nowhere in life sound like hot fun--but the standout melodies often take a back seat to the diatribes, and Holland doesn't back up his disaffection with many good reasons to rally behind him."
Uncut,40,"It's not that the Offspring sound behind the times on their eighth album, Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace--it's that they sound disconnected from it."
Blender,40,"Five years in gestation, these revved-up anthems are fuctional enough, but none have the catchy ska-punk bounce of the band's late 1990s commercial peak. [Sep 2008, p.99]"
Pitchfork,30,"This misguided eagerness to please is endemic throughout the albums 12 tracks, from the appropriation of other artists styles (the chunky riffing and brutish vocals of Hammerhead are reminiscent of Dave Grohl, while closer Rage And Grace is a transparent attempt to recreate the vitality of Green Days American Idiot) to Hollands equally unrelatable lyrics."

Dusted Magazine,90,"Mudhoney remain bloody but unbowed, heavyweight champions of fuzz and feedback, and on the evidence of The Lucky Ones, no one with any sense is going to challenge their title anytime soon; they built this strange machine, and they can drive it better than anyone before or since."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"The eleven tracks here are tight, raw, and marked by insistent thumping rhythms and taught chunky riffs, laying the groundwork for one of the bands most straight-ahead rock albums in years."
Under The Radar,80,"The Lucky Ones is unlikely to garner any new fans for Mudhoney, which is a shame because this is one of the best albums of their career."
The Guardian,80,"Although Mudhoney arent shaking things up too much with their established formula, The Lucky Ones shows no signs of the band mellowing out, and their bloozy, fuzzy rock action still sounds pretty damn great after a couple High Lifes."
Mojo,80,"Mudhoney celebrate 20 years of mucus-crusted punk hootenannies with a raw restatement of basic priciples. [June 2008, p.113]"
The A.V. Club,80,"Stooges riffs and Mark Arm's dirty growl bring alive tales of lusty romance played with a timeless swagger and an infectious smirk, though the lyrics do little justice to the power of the songs."
The New York Times,80,"The Lucky Ones frames this new worldview in a punchier, tauter, leaner sound--less fuzz but more crunch. [July 2008, p.104]"
AllMusic,80,"The end result escalates The Lucky Ones into one of the finest albums Mudhoney has ever produced, as well as one of the best albums of the year thus far. [July 2008, p.158]"
Billboard,80,"Some will call this regression, but longtime fans will likely call it focused and celebrate the return to form represented on The Lucky Ones."
Rolling Stone,72,"No envelopes are pushed on the quartet's latest, The Lucky Ones. But there's an increase in firepower that makes it their best effort in a while."
Blender,70,"With Steve Turner's guitar a buzzing hangover and Mark Arm snarling with irresistibly creepy restraint, Mudhoney's eighth studio album finds the band rocking like it's 1988 . . . or 2008."
Spin,70,"Longtime fans may accuse the band of losing its edge with age, but The Lucky Ones is still an exciting and efficient bridge between the Stooges' growling ruckus and Nirvana's noisy pop anthems."
Alternative Press,70,"The bedrock combination of redlined guitars and Mark Arm's adenoidal wail has only been rendered more caustic by two decades of watching lesser lights cash out. [June 2008, p.114]"
Q Magazine,70,"The Lucky Ones is a solid record chock full of classic sludge, pissed off yelps, and witty (almost existential) lyrics."
Hot Press,70,"The Lucky Ones shows him to be as reassuringly sarcastic and self-deprecating as ever."
Los Angeles Times,67,"Lucky Ones is the sound of a band that obviously knows not to fuck with a good thing."
Billboard,60,"Its another batch of seemingly uninspired grunge rockers lacking the sinewy venom that was the hallmark of early Mudhoney."
Village Voice,60,"Pitched somewhere between the Blues Explosion and Grinderman, it's an awesome racket, but the lack of time spent means the potential of 'Next Time' and the fevered 'New Meaning' have been lost in the rush to record. [July 2008, p.108]"
NOW Magazine,60,"It may not match the transcendent bird-flipping of those early albums, but Mudhoney are still as pissed and giddy as ever. [Summer 2008]"

Rolling Stone,100,"The Airing Of Grievances is not about anything so much as it is for everything--the beauty of life, the tragedy of life wasted, the looming of death and the desire to go out having lived fully--no, it is not about those things at all, it is for those things, it is a collection of songs written as odes to the gritty and the beautiful and the mixing of the two: our world, our sick world."
AllMusic,100,"With thrash-and-burn riffs, shout-along rants, E Street Band-style blue-collar blues, and tin-can acoustics, these Jersey boys' debut album The Airing of Grievances burns all the way down from its big mouth to its black liver."
Uncut,91,"With its brash and boiling-over debut, Titus Andronicus has done its small part to draw indie-rock out of the genre's recent navel-obsessed slump."
Sputnikmusic,90,"This is the kind of record you'll spend days rocking out to. You'll get lost walking around listening to it (I know I did), think about quitting your job to relive the days when a record like this was all that was allowed to matter."
AllMusic,90,"the majority of the album is exactly what indie rock has been lacking for over a decade, and this is too crucial a release to get caught up in nitpicking."
Dusted Magazine,90,"It might have sucked the first time you went through [the year between high school and college], but here, it couldn't sound better. [Mar 2009, p.113]"
musicOMH.com,90,"Each play of Grievances is like that triumphant, sweaty bar show, right there in your room."
Tiny Mix Tapes,85,"On a lyric sheet, Titus Andronicus may appear to espouse the sort of wrist-cutting histrionics emo's typically lambasted for, but the magic lies in the band's oddly enthusiastic grass roots delivery."
Mojo,84,"It remains instrumentally raucous, emotionally battered, and unaplogetically fun. [Winter 2009, p.100]"
The Guardian,80,"This sense of being aware of our own impending death leading to a heightened sense of life sums up perfectly The Airing of Grievances, an album that bemoans the past, shrugs it's shoulders and raises a glass to the future."
Uncut,80,"These are songs to learn and sing as loudly, messily and drunkenly as possible."
Alternative Press,80,"The Airing Of Grievances is one of the smartest, most joyous records in an age, channelling the spirit of other too-clever-by-half suburban punks from The Replacements to Nirvana and adding a dash of felllow New Jerseyite Bruce Springsteen's eye for detail. [MAr 2009, p.87]"
Magnet,78,"Angst has a new champion."
Pitchfork,70,"There's emo in the tortured lyrics and E Street Band in the arrangements, both appropriate for a Jersey crew. And the sizzling, storage-locker production makes it all sound like a cage match."
Billboard,70,"Patrick Stickles screams and moans amid the swirling, lo-fi racket, and although he sounds a helluva lot like Conor Oberst, this is no Bright Eyes knockoff. The Airing of Grievances is more inviting, fraternal, and widely referential."
Hartford Courant,70,"Feuled by a ninth-grader's nausea they refuse to grow out of, they take their skateboards and chase down the horizon. [Mar 2009, p.64]"
Spin,60,"Muddy production means the literate lyrics often get drowned out by the surrounding racket, but otherwise this is a raw treat. [Mar 2009, p.105]"
Delusions of Adequacy,59,"In total--and there is absolutely no other way to absorb this album; if it lets up it will lose itself--the sentiment is hostile, championing a mismatched, bitchy pile of allusions to alienation, dissatisfaction, and indifference that begs for attention and respect but is too passive to amount to anything but a wan wash."

Prefix Magazine,80,"Emo kids will flock to German class when they hear the original version of 'Monsoon,' the band's biggest hit, which closes this strangely fascinating Euro-glam effort."
The A.V. Club,70,"The taut power-trio arrangements mix the whisper-to-a-scream dynamics of post-grunge with glam-rock chords and a big dollop of emo's teen psychodrama."
PopMatters,60,"Despite the occasional misstep, Scream shows that the bandmembers are ready and able to embrace their growing abilities."
Q Magazine,10,"Almost too stiff to be funny, this might have been a surreal payday in the boardrooms of Berlin, but one presumes the buck stops here. [May 2008, p.142]"

Under The Radar,90,"Performing some of thre best party music for smart people this side of Black Lips, the rest of the band match Reis' powerhouse vocal eccentricities with a perfectly calculated degree of rock 'n' roll swagger, blasting ahead like the Wipers one minute and settling into a slow-burning Bo Diddley groove the next. [May 2008, p.128]"
Sputnikmusic,83,"As always, this stuff is better suited for the stage, and it would be foolish not to assume that horns could make The Night Marchers even better, but with the assistance of a band that includes a couple of fellow ex-Snakes, Reis has made his best record since Rocket's 'Scream, Dracula, Scream!' heyday."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Add the Night Marchers to Speedo's roll of triumphs and feel free to rank See You in Magic as one of his finest moments. It's really that good."
The A.V. Club,80,"Restless, relentless, righteous: this guru of the primeval groove is once more helming an exceptional rock'n'roll band. [July 2008, p.108]"
Lost At Sea,80,"See You in Magic's tracks are so consistently good that determining the album's best poses a challenge."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Even if it's easy to miss the full-tilt pyrotechnics of yore, Reis' new approach allows you to appreciate his wound-tight tunecraft like never before."
Alternative Press,70,"The disc fizzles a bit in its second half, following the very strong 'Bad Bloods' with the proggy excesses of 'And I Keep Holding You.'"
PopMatters,70,"It is a safe record, one that plays to its makers long-established strengths without really stretching them--but fans of all the aforementioned predecessors are certain to find much to love across these 13 tracks."
Pitchfork,70,"Deviations from the script are interesting but not as successful (the jangly 'Jump In The Fire,' the rockabilly 'Branded'). Luckily, they dont detract from the main course: a heaping helping of straight-up rock n roll like only Reis can deliver."
Filter,64,"If the herky-jerky new-waver 'Total Bloodbath,' and the 'Ticket to Ride'-styled charmer 'Partner in Crime' find Reis comfortably adapting to the pop approach, the mix can also leave Reis hanging out to dry, particularly on the smooth '70s-Stones strut 'You've Got Nerve,' where the droning qualities of his rasp are overemphasized by a chorus that simply repeats the title ad infinitum."
musicOMH.com,60,"The Night Marchers follow Rocket From The Crypt's tried-and-true strategy, intertwining punk, hard rock, and rockabilly, with lively if unsurprising results. [May 2008, p.104]"
The Guardian,40,"See You In Magic happily throws in every hoary old cliche in the book. [June 2008, p.149]"

Uncut,80,"This second installment is immaculate, an artful, emotional tour de force that underlines their 'American rock's Radiohead' status. [May 2008, p.130]"
Austin Chronicle,80,"Air is a masterpiece of production and gives the best few tracks from the entire collection. Earth is a cool-down lap after the more developmental and progressive preceding discs, showing a Thrice that is willing to trade in all that has made them great during their niche period (1999-2004) in favor of pursuing a less challenging but equally viable sound"
Rolling Stone,70,"Alone, Air and Earth are the weakest of the EPs, but taken as a whole, Thrice have managed to convert an ultra-abstract concept into a cohesive and innovative collection. [May 2008, p.143]"
Spin,70,"For The Alchemy Index Vols. III & IV: Air & Earth, the material is appropriately lofty to represent the former element but surprisingly sparse for the latter."
Blender,70,"The first disc is more guitar-centric, whereas the second part relies more on keyboards. But no matter the style, all of these songs hold together well."

Q Magazine,80,"Bright Lights is a super-serious record that demostrates some super-serious song craft. [May 2008, p.130]"
cokemachineglow,80,"Their sound--enhanced by the energies of a second guitarist, Chris Head, and a bassist, Chris #2--literally urges participation. Every songs chorus helpfully comes prearranged as a sing-along: no room for sullenness here."
Billboard,80,"Their thrillingly angry seventh album is a more furious companion piece to 'American Idiot,' raging at both social injustice and the self-righteousness of the punk underground. [June 2008, p.138]"
Rolling Stone,60,"On their seventh disc, the music successfully carries the message, thanks in no small part to Bowie/Morrissey/T. Rex producer extraordinaire Tony Visconti, who pumps even more life into these loud, rousing singalong choruses and driving power chords without sacrificing dynamics or naked emotion."
AllMusic,50,"The Bright Lights of America, Anti-Flag's second major-label album and eighth overall, proves for the billionth time that good intentions don't always make good music."
Alternative Press,50,"Too much of the disc, like the histrionic 'The Modern Rome Burning,' swipes singsong, folk-stoked stridency from Against Me! and American Steel; the rest of it throws random orchestration at the wall and misses it altogether."
Alternative Press,50,"Even if Anti-Flags hearts are in the right place, Bright Lights of America is too vague to be impactful."
The A.V. Club,40,"Unfortunately, despite now working with David Bowie producer Tony Visconti, who infuses their angular, system-smashing screeds with timpani ('Good and Ready'), brass ('Shadow of the Dead'), and harmonica ('Go West'), Anti-Flag still don't possess the innate pop sensibility that's allowed Against Me! to make a mainstream move."
AllMusic,40,"The ambitious sound of The Bright Lights of America is a dreadful fifty-two minutes long; with an average song length over three minutes."
Mojo,40,"On the Tony Visconti produced The Bright Lights of America, the band opts for the same brand of pristine song production and testosterone-soaked chants as every other mall-punk band, and, in so doing, makes it hard to discern them from the crowd. [Summer 2008]"

Delusions of Adequacy,91,"Go Away White is more than a swansong. It's a minor masterpiece that proves Bauhaus has been nicely preserved."
Billboard,90,"The proceedings sound loose, yet focused but never disappointing. [Apr 2008, p.160]"
PopMatters,80,"It picks up right where Bauhaus left off: a wet dream for original fans and a blast of recognition for the newly eye-lined."
Drowned In Sound,80,"It's so extravagant, trecherous and cocksure that it could almost make Interpol sound like a pleasant chamber quartet. [Mar 2008, p.94]"
Magnet,80,"Go Away White sounds like the four were trying one last time to reclaim the idea of Bauhaus as band and ethos from all the many limiting clichs heaped on it, something which the album title, taken from the song 'Black Stone Heart,' slyly hints at."
Pitchfork,75,"Bauhaus can hold their head high, mission accomplished; but with no victory-lap tour, no more studio albums, and several awesome new tunes pointing at an un-actualized future, it all feels rather anti-climatic and lacking closure."
Spin,70,"A tastefully matured Bauhaus produce enough fractured guitar and howling melodrama to wake the undead."
Q Magazine,70,"The end result is an album thats one half decent (even if it is a bit indebted to Ash, Haskins, and Haskins post-Bauhaus career) and one half incredible."
Q Magazine,60,"Like true vampires, Bauhaus still manage to pull off being melodramatic and wickedly energetic even in old age. R.I.P. again."
Sputnikmusic,60,"Their comeback kicks off in ebullient fashion, with little of the inconsistency that once overshadowed their importance."
Alternative Press,60,"It sounds alive and kicking almost to its own detriment. [Mar 2008, p.83]"
Billboard,60,"Go Away White is an unevenly inspired valediction."
PopMatters,60,"While the new material will hardly tarnish the band's legacy, it won't add much, either."
Alternative Press,60,"Those aforementioned past tense references are telling, because thats exactly where Go Away White sounds as if it belongs: in the past."
The New York Times,60,"It's disappointing that this epilogue couldn't have been crafted with more care. [Spring 2008, p.82]"
Q Magazine,60,"Preposterous, but this time knowingly so. [May 2008, p.114]"
NOW Magazine,58,"White doesn't quite make good on that potential, the guitar fuzz is too restrained, while Peter Murphy's vocals evoke David Bowie doing funny grandpa voices. [7 Mar 2008, p.93]"
Rolling Stone,40,"Sadly, this is a posthumous offering that sounds half-finished and, considering they must have known this would be their final statement, like a missed opportunity."
The A.V. Club,40,"Frontman Pete Murphy overdoes the drama, leaving little space for the songs to breathe, while his colleagues fail to access the mystique that at their peak, in the early Eighties, served to distinguish them from goth's also-rans."
Prefix Magazine,40,"A quarter of a century on, that still holds, right down to the same old ponderous rhythms, Daniel Ash's screaming guitar fuzz and Peter Murphy's ridiculously portentous vocals. [Apr 2008, p.102]"

Spin,90,"Decidedly mature and unapologetically soulful, Float is one of the most important records of this young year. [Apr 2008, p.148]"
Sputnikmusic,70,"With Float theyve delivered another strong album that is more assured than their other records, and offers a hopeful energy."
Under The Radar,70,"It's the band's most diverse album yetand, diversity being their strength, it's also their most accomplished."
The A.V. Club,70,"Most of the time, however, the band's blazing energy and instrumental swagger is able to lift your spirits despite the depressing subject matter."
Alternative Press,60,"Float is rescued from abject tedium by the deep, poetic lure of the subject matter and a couple of genuinely outstanding compositions in Float and (No More) Paddys Lament."
Billboard,40,"Thier relentless pursuit of 'the craic' is wearing, evocative song titles not hiding the fact Dublin-native Dave King's lyrics lack the romanticism of Shane MacGowan. [June 2008, p.138]"

Filter,80,"The release does establish Simple Plan as on e of the most consistent acts making music today. [Feb 2008, p.109]"
AllMusic,80,"Simple Plan's plan--to get you bouncing, bobbing, and otherwise grooving--is still simple. And like all uncomplicated strategies, it's still remarkably effective."
Pitchfork,80,"Simple Plan is a shameless little heatseeker, which isn't much of a musical problem. Provided you're after a good time, several cuts make excellent use of keyboard bleeps and drum-machine beats."
Spin,70,"The whining hasn't let up (see 'No Love' and 'Generation'), but the fun hasn't either. Credit the producers."
PopMatters,60,"The group's third full-length album, the simply titled Simple Plan, offers glimpses of something more, but invariably falls into to the same old pattern."
Rolling Stone,42,"All things considered, this Plan to update their sound winds up being too Simple."
The Guardian,40,"Album three aims for maturity, but the results are stunted."
Uncut,40,"There are some decent pop moments: 'When I'm Gone' is a seize-the-day anthem with a cathartic refrain. But most songs, like the angry barnburner 'The End,' are barely distinguishable from a dozen or so other Warped Tour bands."
musicOMH.com,40,"Like Good Charlotte and Fall Out Boy before them, these multiplantinum Canadian heartthrobs have finally covered up their pop-punk roots completely, on their fourth album. [Feb 2008, p.99]"
Hartford Courant,40,"Simple Plan continue to plough forwards wuth a punk template of such box-ticking efficiency that they at times resemble automatons. [Mar 2008, p.111]"
Drowned In Sound,25,"Think Lavigne's 'Girlfriend' without the hooks, but with a discernable degree of emo introspection."
Under The Radar,20,"This isnt music so much as it is economic exploitation of a demographic."

Mojo,91,"The venom is still there, and it's just as potent, but it tastes a little sweeter this time around."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Art-punk, post-punk, hardcore, alternative, slap whatever label you would like on it; I'll stick to youthful, captivating, raw, and memorable as my descriptors."
NOW Magazine,80,"It is raw, exciting and cathartic; so much so that it is able to match the notoriously incendiary live performances of its architects for sheer energy, whilst expanding upon these foundations in songwriting terms."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Quite frankly, after just one listen to Promises Promises, Die! Die! Die! could set fire to our first born and wed still be staring at them in doe-eyed wonder. Cold showers necessary."
Q Magazine,80,"Definitely, a sense of danger, hunger and heat--qualities that so many current groups guilelessly miss. Bloc Party and other post-punk apostles should come gather at this altar, and prepare to kick the bucket."
Alternative Press,70,"It's fun stuff, and I imagine their live show would be even better."
PopMatters,70,"Die! Die! Die! craft a rickety balance between cacophony and attractive post-punk melody. [Mar 2008, p.136]"
Spin,70,"It may be considerably more commercial than their first album, but Promises Promises is, crucially, also much, much better."
AllMusic,70,"Shattered, scattered voice and guitar can't help planting some bizarre memory garden of l-u-v."
Sputnikmusic,60,"It's like being hit over the head by a giant hammer in a neverending Itchy & Scrathy episode. [Jan 2009, p.113]"

Q Magazine,60,"All 10 songs on the album include strings, including the arena-ready 'Air Traffic Control' and the nine-minute 'Hopesick.' Whether these changes represent an improvement for Louis XIV is debatable--mostly it is hit and miss. [Winter 2008, p.83]"
Alternative Press,60,"Here they effectively marry T. Rex's trash-glam melodicism to a relentless blue-eyed funk beat. [Feb 2008, p.95]"
Amazon.com,50,"The moments of rocked-out swagger are fleeting and ultimately drowned out by a musical and lyrical heaviness that turns the album into a real downer."
Billboard,40,"The San Diego rockers havent completely reined in their runaway libidos on Slick Dogs and Ponies, but they stray from the devilish attitude that made their brazen dirty talk such a riot."
AllMusic,40,"There's still too much of Brian Karscig's ultracampy 'Big Balls'--style vocals, and it sometimes feels like these guys have confused expanding their range with finding new sources to rip off."
Boston Globe,40,"Sick Dogs never coalesces into anything more than the sum of its noisy, jagged parts."
Entertainment Weekly,30,"Aside from a handful of tunes, little here is all that memorable, namely because the hooks cant see their way clear of the repetitive, robotic arrangements."
Blender,30,"Louis XIV has a considerable amount of work to do for listeners to regard them as more than aimless glam-rock fetishists."
Rolling Stone,25,"The slightly more dynamic Louis XIV only give you testosterone-fueled rock at its least appealing extremes: heedless lust or, arguably even more repulsive, cheesy balladry."
Spin,20,"Though more adventurous than 2005's 'The Best Little Secrets Are Kept,' the band's sophomore LP, Slick Dogs and Ponies, still rings soulless at its core."

Q Magazine,100,"The follow-up [to 'Kezia'], Fortress, mines similar territory but cranks the ferocity even higher."
The A.V. Club,90,"It's a scarily mature album for a bunch of 21 year olds to have recorded, and the pairing of its ambitious lyrical concepts and motivated songwriting is something to be admired."
NOW Magazine,80,"Protest the Hero is having fun with their creativity here, and Fortress is a better album for it."
The A.V. Club,80,"Fortress stands out as gratifyingly heavy and heady."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"What makes Fortress much more than just a chain mail-clad sweep-picking clinic is the band's ability to weave bold melodies into the album's thudering riffage. [Feb 2008, p.116]"
PopMatters,80,"Despite the fact it can get a bit homogenous and maybe a tad over-the-top with its concept, Fortress is one of the most entertaining metal albums Ive heard in a long time."
New Musical Express (NME),36,"Protest the Hero suck off the idea of metal tropes and also think they have a sense of humor."

The Guardian,91,"Unexpected as they are, Defense's sonic twists almost always work, justifying the album's 89-minute run time."
Almost Cool,90,"Defense of the Genre is the best major label release of the year, and the most surprising album to boot."
Alternative Press,90,"Bemis successfully came out of the other side on In Defense Of The Genre, producing an opus that musicians more than twice his age could only hope to create. [Dec 2007, p.185]"
AllMusic,83,"Bemis has concocted a deliciously confounding album that transcends emo more than defends it."
Village Voice,80,"The result is a mess but--thanks to Bemiss passion, humor and knack for inserting multiple hooks into a single song--an exhilarating one."
Q Magazine,80,"Yet with its detours into slick synth pop, weepy roots rock, and big Broadway music, the sprawling Genre proves that emo needn't be boxed in by stylistic dogma. [Dec 2007, p.120]"
Under The Radar,70,"Bemis may be seeking to defend the emo genre, but his album instead illustrates the difference between run-of-the-mill emo--which, indeed, comprises most of the genre's output--and the imaginative, skillful tunes that flourish here. The only major downside is the album's length."
Spin,65,"In Defense of the Genre does defeat the emo stigma and the double CD stigma easily, and does improve slightly on the pretty-good 'Is a Real Boy.' But these are minor inventions; any 'genius' is pretty much limited to the bites and nuggets reported here."
AllMusic,60,"When Bemis is on--shuffling between a touching Latinate melody and an ace, bloodletting chorus on 'Hangover Song,' delivering the sugar-rush pop of 'Shiksa (Girlfriend)'--his songs are tuneful and invigorating."
Hartford Courant,60,"Its the same Say Anything that weve heard before, only this time around, theyve switched out their melodic focus for an expanded musical palette, which is ultimately a gift and a curse at the same time."

Rolling Stone,90,"As a concept album, it's halfway to becoming an amazing cycle. There are a few flaws and the second half of the collection to worry about, but so far, Thrice has produced another stunner."
Boston Globe,80,"Together Fire and Water form one of the most breathtaking albums of the year. [Nov 2007, p.166]"
Magnet,80,"Their clear evolution in terms of talent and ability is more than evident on songs like Firebreather and The Whaler. Between that and some pretty sweet packaging and liner notes, this is likely their best to date."
PopMatters,70,"This smart and fascinating album could use some subtlety, rather than bashing the concepts into the earth."
Pitchfork,70,"The results are fairly stunning. [Nov 2007, p.125]"
Slant Magazine,67,"Fire showcases the still-maturing, melodic, sometimes very heavy post-hardcore that Thrice is forging a career out of, minus any of the emo inclinations from the band's earlier records (no whining, some screaming). By contrast, disc two, Water, focuses on Thrice's reenactment of Radiohead circa Kid A, with 27 minutes of internalizing, electro-glitch pop steered around by up-front, friendly vocals."
The A.V. Club,60,"The cleaving of The Alchemy Index into awkward chunks of opera violates a fundamental rule of prog rock: Go all the way out, or don't go at all."
Sputnikmusic,60,"Ridiculous, yes, but to Thrice's credit, wanting to be Deftones (which they attempt here, at length) is a noble endeavour. But the results are still clunky."
AllMusic,60,"Examining classical elements is a novel concept, but spreading that concept throughout four EPs, two double-disc sets, and two record releases does little more than dilute an otherwise strong set of songs."
NOW Magazine,50,"Some of the sound makes for gorgeous fury.... But a little concision--and a bit of Pete Wentz's tune sense--would've gone a long way."
Alternative Press,50,"Fire & Water contains too much artifice to swallow."
Sputnikmusic,40,"Theres nothing like a concept album for faking musical maturity."

cokemachineglow,90,"Reunion Tour further cements the Weakerthans' status as legitmate rock 'n' roll tastemakers. [Nov 2007, p.172]"
Entertainment Weekly,90,"Listening to The Weakerthans makes me feel young and happy and hopeful."
Sputnikmusic,85,"Sampson's penmanship here is the most minute and observant among a recent batch of great songwriting"
Alternative Press,83,"Their steadily, sturdily conventional rock and roll is more compelling and rich than most people would admit as they're busy gawking at the sight of the Amazing Lyricist and his Kinda Weak Voice."
The A.V. Club,82,"The Weakerthans music ages well, and when they free themselves from style and are left to focus purely on their music, it never fails to make you feel specialthus making the Weakerthans a perfect band for fandom."
Blender,80,"The curiously titled Reunion Tour (four years between albums but they never disbanded) ups the lyrical ante ever more with contagious tunes like 'The Last Last One,' 'Hymn of the Medical Oddity,' and 'Relative Surplus Value.'"
Spin,80,"The band's latest, Reunion Tour, appeals directly to your brain."
AllMusic,80,"Although it lifts off with a flawless indie-pop opener and sounds somehow lively even at its most melancholy, the lovely new Weakerthans album disc is all about the art of settling in and telling a good, unhurried story."
Lost At Sea,80,"It's got the same mix of mid-tempo power chords and slow-moving ballads, and the lyrics are just as thought-provoking and insightful as ever."
Rolling Stone,80,"This is investigative journalism with a heart of compassion, a steady backbeat and four buzzing power chords."
PopMatters,80,"John K. Samson's imagistic descriptions of loneliness, desperation and yearning--which avoid the goofiness that plagues, say, Fountains of Wayne--are fleshed out with chiming guitars and warm synths. [Oct 2007, p.112]"
Sputnikmusic,80,"The band sounds quieter and richer than ever."
Alternative Press,80,"Few can match the Weakerthans's lyrical ingenuity without succumbing to earnest excess, and the result is an at times wry, at times touching exploration of life's overlooked corners."
NOW Magazine,80,"All things considered, this is a record of high quality, and a vehicle for a storyteller of uncommon faculty."
Billboard,80,"This is a rock record, and Samson's band functions as the sharp teeth to his lucid tongue. [Jan 2008, p.112]"
Spin,75,"Musically, Reunion has flashes of Wilco-esque brilliance, but it's mostly a blank slate on which Samson is free to squiggle his wise, weary verse."
The A.V. Club,70,"The fourth disc from this Winnipeg, Manitoba quartet proves to be its strongest and most consistent. [Fall 2007, p.83]"
Rolling Stone,70,"The songs are catchy and listenable, but Samson's lyrics lack the depth of songs like 'Benediction' or 'A New Name for Everything' on its predecessor."
New Musical Express (NME),69,"I can identify the albums merits and appreciate the craftsmanship but, to employ my second clich in too short a span of time, the magic is gone."
AllMusic,60,"By the end of the record, these people seem at the end of their rope, begging some benevolent force to help them out and it provides enough movement to Reunion Tour to make it a cohesive, solid album."
Village Voice,60,"Welcome to drivetime indie, in which edges are smoothed, choruses are polished, and rhythms chug in straight-up 4/4."
Prefix Magazine,59,"It's to the Weakerthans' credit that their lyric-driven songs can be, in a way, useful, at least by helping reassure the sentimental souls with whom Samson's deftly told stories resonate. Still, they're rarely as striking here as on the groups' previous albums."
Blender,50,"The Weakerthans are still writing pretty, tender music, but they seem to have lost their immediacy and potency."
Alternative Press,40,"The music is terribly dull, like a watered-down Weezer. [Dec 2007, p.125]"

Lost At Sea,83,"These Boston Punk-folksters owe a large musical debt to Irish punk-folksters the pogues. But if that's not a problem for Pogues singer Spider Stacy, then it's fine by us, given the gloriously raucous, hook-heavy nature of '(F)lannigan's Ball.' [21 Sep 2007, p.81]"
Prefix Magazine,80,"The Dropkick Murphys don't fuck with a good thing on The Meanest Of Times. [Oct 2007, p.156]"
Stylus Magazine,80,"The Meanest of Times is a lyrically dense album, but in spite of it all Dropkick Murphys know how to turn a wake in to a party."
Filter,80,"The Meanest Of Times moves beyond connecting the dots between working-class punk and ancient Celtic ditties, with surprisingly thoughful songs that explore lives shaped by drunken violence and Catholicism. [Oct 2007, p.100]"
Amazon.com,80,"Meanest is everything you want in a Murphys record and a great inauguration for the band's newly minted indie label, Born & Bred Records."
Hartford Courant,70,"They're also songwriters--and good ones, too, preserving their party-boy reputation while turning out giant, soulful choruses on songs both manicured and memorable."
New York Magazine (Vulture),50,"The band sounds re-energized here, and while the quality of the songs is very up and down, they at least all have their muscle back."
NOW Magazine,50,"Ultimately, The Meanest of Times stumbles when the folksy frayed stitching is torn away, exposing nothing but atrophied punk muscle."

Paste Magazine,80,"The best songs on the new Motion City Soundtrack album arrive like mousetraps, baited and primed and ready to snap."
Spin,80,"Motion City have deftly filled that space between emotional adolescence and responsible adulthood with this set of near-perfect pop. [Oct 2007, p.112]"
The New York Times,70,"There's no lull here, just fast-paced fun."
Boston Globe,60,"Much of the disc is business as usual. [Oct 2007, p.169]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"Underneath his architecturally impressive hair, front guy Justin Pierre is a savvy melodic songwriter and, refreshingly, hes completely incapable of taking himself seriously."
Uncut,60,"Though Even If It Kills Me remains far from breaking ground any time soon, MCSs third full-length release definitely stays true to the format Mr. Pierre and his band mates have seemingly perfected over the years."

The A.V. Club,91,"'O Katrina!' which kicks off like any lovesick Nuggets stomp, then drops the line 'I can't believe what's on the TV screen.' We're not hearing about a jilted girl anymore, but a jilted city. And before that can sink in, another wonderfully scuzzy guitar solo is on its way."
Under The Radar,83,"It might take a lot of effort to sound this effortless, but Good Bad Not Evil is a goofy pleasure."
Trouser Press,83,"Good Bad Not Evil is the record where naysayers, disinterested friends and acquaintances, and anyone else within earshot has to sit up, shut up, and listen."
cokemachineglow,82,"The album marks the first time Black Lips unconscious bar anthems have sounded completely, well, developed."
PopMatters,80,"Good Bad Not Evil isn't a major leap forward for the Black Lips, but it shows their sound is slowly but surely evolving, and they still rock with a nasty enthusiasm that's bold and compelling; this is quality stuff for your next black light party."
The Guardian,80,"At just 35 minutes in total and with just one track exceeding the three minute mark, the record is a grotty mess of a quickie which nevertheless gets the job done."
Pitchfork,80,"American flower-punks Black Lips are purists when it comes to scuzz, and Good Bad, Not Evil is a perfect tapestry of sordid pleasure."
Sputnikmusic,80,"On the stylistically diverse Good Bad Not Evil, they confront many of the problems facing America today, taking short, sharp stabs at the Katrina disaster, neurotoxins destroying the upper middle class, juvenile delinquency, false prophets and an apocalyptic holy war."
Q Magazine,80,"Good Bad Not Evil covers a wide range of territory, but never feels needlessly eclectic. Every stylistic experiment employed over the 35-minute runtime is a welcome departure from their signature slime rock"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"This is the Lips' fifth album and their slickest yet. It hurtles along with impressive momentum, its 13 songs each under three minutes long"
Alternative Press,80,"Killer album. [Fall 2007, p.78]"
musicOMH.com,75,"Parts of Good Bad Not Evil have some fascinating sonic touches."
Spin,70,"Good Bad, Not Evil delivers 13 testosterone-crazed grooves which mercifully give finicky revivalism the swerve, in favour of fuzz-frazzled sonics and lots of fun."
Boston Globe,70,"The best songs on this album, including 'Vini Vidi Vici,' subvert the band's bravado without erasing it altogether."
Rolling Stone,70,"The album's moments of schticky nonsense ('How Do You Tell A Child Someone Has Died,' 'Transcendental Light') are tiresome, but theyre surrounded by such good rock songs that they wind up being equally rewarding."
PopMatters,70,"Theres filler for sure, but with the 13 tracks being sleek as they are such fluff merely makes for a more rounded proposition."
Stylus Magazine,70,"It's easier to marvel at, than relate to, something like 'How Do You Tell a Child,' a country song about explaining death to a youngster. The same goes for 'Katrina.'"
The New York Times,70,"Other than the crowd noise, youd have a tough time distinguishing the two albums. This is a good thing, as applying studio sheen to the Black Lips primitive mix of acid-damaged psychedelia and beer-fueled garage rock would be akin to putting lipstick on an orangutan."
Spin,60,"It's gleefully cheeky, but a little safe. [Oct 2007, p.96]"
AllMusic,60,"Longtime Black Lips fans will notice a more polished production compared to past albums, but it also seems apparent that these boys have barely begun to scratch the surface when it comes to showing us what they've made of. [Nov 2007, p.170]"
Alternative Press,60,"Their fourth studio album combinds poignant odes to former drummer Ben Eberbaugh with a joyous refusal to take itself seriously. [Oct 2007, p.83]"
Blender,60,"Black Lips conjure not only the riffs of the early garage squallers, but their very spirit. [Dec 2007, p.108]"
PopMatters,60,"At times, it feels far too self-consciously hip; at others, the roughness of their songs is fantastically ready."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Entertaining in the flesh maybe, but a considerably less engaging proposition on record. [Jan 2008, p.105]"

The A.V. Club,83,"If you don't know much about these 30-year veterans except that they're legendary, this probably isn't where to find out why. If you have any idea what I'm talking about, however, partake."
Pitchfork,80,"It's pretty dour stuff on the whole, but delivered with playfully melodic wit and a certain poetic resignation usually found only in the hearts of forgotten souls and madmen (and maybe Tom Waits)."
Filter,80,"Some things get better with age: The Mekons' latest features acoustic, pub-ready stompers such as 'Give Me Wine or Money' and 'Dickie Chalkie and Nobby.'"
AllMusic,80,"Not all the songs are as delicate as 'White Stone Door,' though over all, this seems like a more restrained album than even 'OOOH!,' and is obviously far less rock-oriented than the Mekons early material."
musicOMH.com,80,"Natural sounds like the band's familiar, idealized dust-bowl Americana sound, with a little reggae, a little marimba and thumb piano, and strong overtones of Thomas Hardy. This was a good idea: For a British band that's fundamentally anti-commercial, its productive to dive into brambles and think about ancient ritual."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Muttering Jon Langford, golden-toned Sally Timms, and the rest of this sweaty eight-strong mob are at their red-eyed best here. [Sep 2007, p.134]"
NOW Magazine,80,"Three decades on, the Mekons are a veritable institution, but as Natural proves they're a still-evolving and effective one. [Sep 2007, p.105]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Lonely harmonicas, keening fiddles, plinking kalimbas, and vaguely dubby drums twist in and out of the interwoven vocals, their melodies like ivy vines climbing a fence; the lyrics grow on you just as slowly, requiring several close listens before they start giving up their secrets."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"It's full of loose sing-alongs, drunken chants and spooky ballads; of apocalypse, synicism and Satanism; of a jaded worldview that joyfully sees everything as --in the words of the opening track--'Dark dark dark.' [Fall 2007, p.102]"
Under The Radar,79,"Natural, the latest in the group's long line of records, is, per Tweedy's dictum, truly post-apocalyptic folk, music for when the lights go out and hope burns only dimly. It's the Mekons unlikely 'unplugged' bid."
Stylus Magazine,76,"Natural, their first album of all new material since 2002s Oooh!, is more of their brand of sparse, postmodern folk that will mostly appeal to their already devout niche of fans."
BBC collective,75,"Natural is their prettiest album; in spots it's almost pastoral."
Boston Globe,70,"Natural is a quiet but disconcerting snapshot of a world of chaos, which is to say it depicts a world not so different than the one that saw the birth of the Mekons in 1977, and confirms their message has remained constant even when their musical approach has not."
Dusted Magazine,67,"[The band] is at its most subdued and simmering here, with relatively little of the anthemic moxie it's normally so good at. Unfortunately, this means a lot of the songs blur together, even up close."
Drowned In Sound,60,"It's a roots record alright, with a few crumbs of hope amidst the looming sense of armageddon."
Hartford Courant,60,"It delivers the ramshackle, ritualistic, druids-at-Stonehenge mood that campfire crusties at U.K. festivals like Glastonbury aspire to. Convinced Armageddon is upon us, the Mekons are determined to get in some mournful Earth worship first, and for fans who feel the spirit, songs will emerge."
Magnet,60,"Far out stuff indeed, but very listenable. [Oct 2007, p.101]"
Spin,60,"The overriding element of Natural is the bands sense of experimentation, merging punk with semi-transcendentalist folk."

Alternative Press,80,"It finds that the guys don't just still have it, but they sound goddamn rejuvenated, bristling with electric energy and undeniable fervor."
Uncut,80,"New Maps is a terrific sounding record; at least two-thirds of it begs many repeated listens."
Mojo,75,"'New Dark Ages,' with its layered background harmonies, wall-of-sound instrumentation, and quietly propulsive drumming, is a 27-year career in a nutshell."
The Guardian,75,"The venerable outfit opens New Maps Of Hell, its 14th full-length, with a 58-second song inexplicably dubbed '52 Seconds'and it's a ravenous blast of hardcore that swipes a riff from Black Flag's 'Rise Above' before leading into tracks that range from anemic (the plodding 'Honest Goodbye') to anthemic ('Fields Of Mars,' one of the best songs the band has recorded in ages)."
Q Magazine,70,"The album is closer to the thrash end of their style then the folk, and the music reflects the anger in the songs brilliantly."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),70,"Theres a heavy metal fence around much of New Maps of Hell that does sometimes feel new, or at least like revitalization of old habits."
Amazon.com,60,"The tagets haven't changed much, and Bad Religion still hits them hard. [Aug 2007, p.98]"
Los Angeles Times,60,"On Maps, BR breathe new life into their formula--short, fast and melodic Cali skate-punk ditties led by the always politically and socially aware growlings of lead singer Greg Graffin."
PopMatters,60,"It's business as usual for Bad Religion, the US punk rock stalwarts recently restored to full power with the return of guitarist Brett Gurewitz. [Sep 2007, p.100]"
The New York Times,40,"It does nothing to distinguish itself from other BR releases and some of the premier punk albums released in the past few years, but it also can immediately trump most of the stuff being put out these days on the virtue of BR's tight and likable style."
Spin,40,"There's plenty of the driving, impassioned melodic hardcore that Bad Religion pretty much invented, but there is very little on this record to separate them from the vapid snowboard-video pop-punk that is their unfortunate legacy."

Mojo,91,"Good records from the Descendents and Bad Religion in one year? Joe Strummer's ghost must be keeping close watch. [Jul 2004, p.110]"
Dusted Magazine,82,"One of its most charged and inspired records in years."
Magnet,80,"As potent and timely as anything it released during the Reagan era. [#64, p.83]"
Pitchfork,80,"This is the band at their melodious best. [Jun 2004, p.112]"
Filter,75,"Even if some tracks unfold more like political manifestos than songs, Bad Religion has succeeded in expressing its outrage more eloquently while sustaining its musical muscle over the years. [6 Jun 2004]"
Stylus Magazine,70,"While not as edgy as The Process of Belief, it is more complex and better produced."
AllMusic,70,"Angrier than ever, Bad Religion aim punk's adolescent fury at grownup targets. [Jun/Jul 2004, p.134]"
The A.V. Club,70,"Bad Religion sound more relevant than ever on their incendiary, political manifesto The Empire Strikes First."
musicOMH.com,70,"A thrill from first to last. [Aug 2004, p.106]"
Rolling Stone,60,"The songs have the urgency and vitriol we've come to expect from the band, but there's one major problem: the spit shine production. [Jul 2004, p.128]"
Q Magazine,60,"The Empire Strikes First isn't a return to Bad Religion at its most vitriolic and unstoppable -- whether that could ever really happen is unclear, and probably unnecessary."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Despite Graffin and Gurewitz's intelligence and historical awareness, their artistic vision here suffers from oversimplification."
AllMusic,60,"This is by no means a bad album... and youll be hard-pushed to find a more topical anti-Bush punk album released this year, but after 20+ years and umpteen albums that - lets face it - havent really strayed much from their influential style, does anyone really need another Bad Religion album after this one?"
Amazon.com,50,"The album is not a total loss, however. When Bad Religion turn to more interesting subject matter, the results are more than worthwhile."
The Boston Phoenix,30,"A bore of an album."

The A.V. Club,80,"Seattle's answer to Funhouse. [Jul 2004, p.146]"
Playlouder,80,"For all the energetic, dark, brooding noise of Howling...It Grows and Grows, the Catheters are missing one thing: variety."
PopMatters,75,"It's nice to hear a garage band that actually sounds like it was recorded in a garage."
Spin,70,"Their raucous, raw live show transfers effortlessly to record, justifying all three of those exclamation marks. [Jun 2004, p.116]"
NOW Magazine,70,"A rock-solid album that improves with each listen."
Q Magazine,67,"The quartet's rock & roll may be fairly conventional, but their overdrive proves decently draining. [28 May 2004, p.126]"
Sputnikmusic,66,"Ultimately, The Catheters are big on style, and troublingly low on ideas."
The Guardian,60,"The intensity and energy get a little too repetitive toward the end of the album, but the returns aren't as diminishing as they have been on the Catheters' previous work."
Spin,60,"Whereas the Catheters are far more exciting, abrasive, and vivacious than whatever MTV is passing off as rock 'n' roll these days, they seem all too plagiaristic when compared to the garage-rock kings they so obviously idolize."
Pitchfork,40,"The Catheters do little to distinguish themselves, instead offering formulaic rock rebelliousness in a nicely packaged, repetitive form."
Magnet,35,"Guitars riff, drums pound, the bass plods, and the singer yowls -- but nothing gels."
Mojo,20,"[They] continue precisely where they left off on 2002's Static Delusions..., bashing their way through 11 indistinguishable songs without recourse to wit, style or tune. [Jul 2004, p.112]"

Los Angeles Times,90,"The record sounds like a seamless amalgamation of the three Hole eras (punk, grunge and rock), with Dalles ska roots almost entirely supplanted in favour of a grungier muse."
Trouser Press,90,"This is heavy pop at its very best."
Blender,90,"[Dalle] may be the New Courtney Love, at times even the Punk PJ Harvey, but she also has a depth of emotion that was last displayed by Kurt Cobain."
Rolling Stone,85,"All you have to do is plug Coral Fang in and turn it on to experience [Dalle's] greatness."
Q Magazine,83,"Fang's edge is a bit more mosh-by-numbers than Hole's. [Dec 2003, p.129]"
Alternative Press,80,"In making a record with such universal themes of love and hate, and sounding so pissed off in the process, Brody has inadvertently made herself the most important new rock star in the world."
AllMusic,80,"A series of punk songs that balance throat-shredding, brain-rattling intensity with an undercurrent of sadness and vulnerability."
PopMatters,80,"Coral Fang impresses not just by some nebulous 'punk' standards, but by the standards of just about anyone who wants to be rocked gently out of sleep by the dulcet tones of thrashing guitars, pogo-friendly love songs, and possibly the most compellingly forceful female punk vocals since Exene Cervenka wailed her way out of the nihilistic abyss that cartographers call 'L.A.'"
Drowned In Sound,75,"So what if the clean-ish production elicits screams of 'Sellout!' from longtime fans? This is good stuff. Somewhere, Courtney Love is wishing she made this album."
Tiny Mix Tapes,75,"Beyond Dalle's rusty-razor delivery, though, little about ''Coral Fang'' is remotely dangerous or shocking."
Village Voice,70,"At once punchy and overwrought, and blessed with some extremely good, if slightly monotonous, tunes. [Nov 2003, p.120]"
Alternative Press,70,"The Distillers subtract a little of Joan Jett's poppy tunefulness and add (even) more aggressive vocals. If that sounds good to you, you'll at least like this album."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"The record's initial thrill comes from the confidence with which the Distillers and producer Gil Norton revive rock as a demolishing force. [Nov 2003, p.116]"
E! Online,60,"This is exciting but competent American punk by numbers. [Nov 2003, p.114]"
Mojo,60,"Coral Fang's lack of memorable hooks makes it hard to admire for long."
Playlouder,60,"Coral Fang has its fair share of flaws, but it's impassioned enough to have plenty of bite despite them."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Those who looked at the Distillers as the hope of 2003 might be disappointed that Dalle's stuck in 1994."
Pitchfork,20,"Coral Fang finds The Distillers aping the bloodless Hollywood impotence of Hole's Celebrity Skin, their 'punk rock' inoffensive and utterly forgettable. [Dec 2003, p.113]"

AllMusic,80,"There's plenty of killer talent to be found here. [Jul 2003, p.108]"
PopMatters,80,"40 minutes of soul-searching and bittersweet recollection that nevertheless rocks with major-league efficiency."
Junkmedia,75,"Often lives up to its title, but they ought to find a kind way to break it off with the horn section. [Jul 2003, p.110]"
Neumu.net,70,"As with the band's other releases, the music inspires clear feelings of love and hate."
Q Magazine,70,"The usual blend of knockabout punk rock, nutty-boy ska and witty lyrics. [Jul 2003, p.108]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"It's like a thicker, dirtier Good Charlotte."
Playlouder,60,"A precision-produced guided missile seeking the hearts of socially awkward skate punks everywhere."
Dot Music,40,"Stylistic attention-deficit disorder dilutes the focus and also dates it. [#17, p.137]"

Stylus Magazine,90,"Seamless without being monotonous, 'Buzzcocks' is punk rock for grownups, teenagers, and everyone in between, without pandering or becoming a caricature of itself."
Spin,87,"Coherent and musically mature even as it kicks you around a bit. [#5, p.88]"
New Musical Express (NME),83,"It's nice to hear that middle-age hasn't diminished [their] songwriting skills. [28 Mar 2003, p.69]"
Rolling Stone,80,"May well be the best of its seven studio albums, one that even approaches the heights of the stellar Singles Going Steady collection."
Pitchfork,80,"Even at their most obvious, the Buzzcocks can smoke the young guns. [#58, p.83]"
E! Online,80,"Hard to imagine Green Day or Rancid having anything this interesting up their sleeve 27 years down the line from their first recording."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"A smart, slashing set of B-plus-level pop-punk. [Apr 2003, p.78]"
Uncut,80,"This is an absolutely satisfying listen and a feat of songwriting that few acts could match."
PopMatters,70,"Back to basics. [May 2003, p.100]"
Blender,70,"At times positively fizzes into life. [Jun 2003, p.110]"
Q Magazine,67,"They've still got angst to spare, but their wit has been ground down by 'maturity,' or whatever you want to call it, into a bitter thing that saps a lot of that reckless energy."
The A.V. Club,60,"Their love batteries have all but corroded and instead we've hangovers and metropolitan psychosis over the kind of guttural guitars you'd expect from their bastard American offspring. [May 2003, p.89]"
AllMusic,60,"The album is good -- remarkably so considering how late it comes in a group's life span -- but it's still a late-era release and suffers from many of the same problems so common to that milieu."
Village Voice,40,"They still spit nervous energy, but Shelly's melodies have suffered, and his pubescent whines have unfortunately matured into apologies for bad behavior. [#15, p.121]"
Mojo,40,"Granted, Buzzcocks sounds very '77/'78, albeit with better production, but it's largely devoid of the hooks, the melodies, and the anxious, deconstructed bubblegum pop feel that made the band's early material so memorable."
Alternative Press,32,"This album is flat boring musically and sonically."

AllMusic,100,"Sing The Sorrow soars with the kind of melodies hit singles are made of, yet it somehow persists with AFI's esoteric darkness. [Apr 2003, p.69]"
Spin,91,"A well-crafted mix of hardcore bluster, determined melody and anthemic grandness that boasts depth and texture rarely heard from the Warped Tour ilk."
Amazon.com,90,"It's terrifically exciting stuff. [Apr 2003, p.101]"
Q Magazine,83,"As big and slick a rock record as you're likely to hear all year. [Apr 2003, p.101]"
Playlouder,80,"The songs may have opened up around him, but Havok's lyrics are as pained and sharp as they ever were."
Rolling Stone,80,"Longtime fans might take it like a kick to the head, but this band is clearly moving toward bigger things."
Blender,80,"Sing the Sorrow is not exactly a concept album, but it does have a singleness of dark purpose that builds in momentum as the disc progresses."
Billboard,80,"Just when the strings, piano, and rainstorm effects threaten to turn Sing the Sorrow into a My Dying Bride album, there is a burst of hardcore like 'Dancing Through Sunday' to recall California pioneers of the genre like Dead Kennedys or SST transplants Husker Du."
Filter,60,"What's keeping the band from achieving a unique identity are Havok's generic whine and medoicre lyrics. [#15, p.120]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Well-produced, albeit predictable."
Neumu.net,25,"The songs combine the most pretentious and overworked elements of their influences. [21 Mar 2003, p.112]"

Magnet,83,"This disc has a clutch of songs that mix chord-y abandon with raging rock riffs--and a heck of a lot of good times."
AllMusic,80,"So Sum 41 have grown up... a little.... It's all relative, and, crucially, it still rocks. [#12, p.153]"
Alternative Press,80,"This is 'All Killer No Filler' with bells on and 'Does This Look Infected?' will rightly have the Blink 'boys' quaking in their trainers."
Junkmedia,80,"Throughout, the bouncy enthusiasm of old has become heavier, louder, faster and stronger. [Jan 2003, p.113]"
Q Magazine,70,"There are no real surprises here but then in the land of pop-punk surprise is not high on the agenda."
Mojo,70,"Trouble is, as grown up and grouchy as Sum 41 may have become (on record, if not in Strokes-mocking video), they sure aint no Fugazi."
Pitchfork,67,"What's missing is a sense of danger, a whiff of real risk, elements that have always been crucial to great rock."
Uncut,65,"Sum 41's second album careens with the impassioned joy of young men less interested in taking the system down than in entertaining their fellow mallrats."
PopMatters,60,"Does This Look Infected? squeezes a dozen energetic songs into a half-hour, and each one is over before you can figure out why that chorus sounds familiar or where you've heard that riff before."

Blender,90,"Possibly their best.... Brave, bleak yet compassionate. [#225, p.77]"
Dusted Magazine,90,"This is audaciously modern in its textural absorption of outre sounds from the 21st-century dance underground. [Dec 2002, p.136]"
Stylus Magazine,80,"American Supreme proves that Suicide can reach backward and still remain ahead of the pack."
Alternative Press,80,"An accomplished release that attests to their enduringly unique sound and vision."
E! Online,70,"Some of it sounds remarkably sedate and conventional ('Televised Executions,' 'American Mean') while other tracks ('Beggin' For Miracles') ramble psychotically into the good night of avant-garde minimalism."
Q Magazine,70,"Despite its relative palatability, compared with their earlier work, this is a hard album to like--and that's what makes it good. [Jan 2003, p.102]"
Spin,70,"American Supreme, even at its most unlistenable and monotonous, still makes its point."
PopMatters,70,"Suicide have rounded the edges on their metal machine music and jettisoned some rubbery retroisms. [Nov 2002, p.77]"
Amazon.com,70,"[A] fractiously funky but resolutely glum return. [Dec 2002, p.108]"
Rolling Stone,60,"The raw, first-take sound of most of these songs is impressive--Suicide remain the most genuinely punk of electronic bands. [#11, p.144]"
AllMusic,60,"A curious beast -- dark, confused, displaced and often hopeless."
Blender,50,"If American Supreme showed up today as the product of youngsters, Suicide would be called electro-clash. [Dec 2002, p.92]"
Billboard,40,"Perhaps the strangest twist about this record is how much of it sounds more crude and antiquated than the duo's first two albums, which were released over 20 years prior to this one."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"They've unfortunately discovered dance music several years too late. [Dec 2002, p.112]"
E! Online,30,"American Supreme accomplishes little more than tarnishing their chrome-plated punk and sending it on a winding downward spiral."

Blender,90,"A phenomenal recording of sonic and lyrical depth. [#53, p.69]"
Dot Music,83,"The band has energy and urgency anew."
Q Magazine,80,"Brett Gurewitz's return seems to have rejuvenated the band musically."
Playlouder,80,"A heartening set of high speed melody, humanism and pessimism."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Sounds more like Bad Religion than any Bad Religion album has in years. [Mar 2002, p.71]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"A MY-T-FINE punk rock album, chock full of swirling harmonies that came into fashion sometime around the Descendents rise in the mid-1980s."
Launch.com,80,"The three- guitarist approach brings back the spark and rush of their 1988-'94 peak."
Rolling Stone,75,"Catchier melodies and more breathlessly clever wordplay than the band has managed in years."
The Wire,70,"The album is solid, though hardly anything spectacular."
Uncut,60,"Fourteen throttling songs designed to remind Sum 41's worshippers about the oft-neglected cerebral side of punk."
New York Magazine (Vulture),60,"A solid, if average, album."
Dusted Magazine,60,"They still sound as spunky and powerful as they were nearly two decades ago when they kicked off this long-term assault on American culture."
Launch.com,40,"Plunges right back into oppressively rigid formula."

Alternative Press,90,"For those who only know Amy Ray as an Indigo Girl, or as a socially active label owner will find this record a snarling, beautiful surprise."
Pitchfork,90,"Stag is punk done in the tradition of Patti Smith and the Replacements rather than the Sex Pistols. It is punk in its rebellious spirit, its contagious energy, and its anti-establishment calls to action. More than that, though, it is pure Amy Ray -- her activism and her artistry melding and achieving something remarkable."
Mixer,90,"An extraordinarily potent recording, one that will likely be among 2001's best."
Mojo,86,"Ray offers up a wonderfully realized survey of underground rock.... Stag is the strongest solo debut in recent memory."
Blender,83,"Stag might have been a drab discourse on gender politics, but Ray's rocking songs earn her honorary riot grrrl stripes. [3/16/2001, p.68]"
Splendid,80,"Angry, bold, pointed and eclectic as hell, Stag suggests that Nirvana and Sleater-Kinney are just as important to Ray as Simon and Garfunkel."
Urb,80,"Stag is a diverse non-Indigo mix (the only song that makes me go hmmm starts, 'She brings me Spanish clementines, I eat them by the waterside'), intermingling Ray's canny ear for melody with a lo-fi, raw sensibility and attitude aplenty."
AllMusic,80,"It's too bad this independently released album will most likely fall through the commercial cracks, because Stag is one of those rare albums that fuses aggression, good music and sharp institutional critiques without sounding strident or, um, stiff."
Q Magazine,70,"Ray at last gives full voice to her riot grrrl urges, and if the CD isn't exactly combustible, it does evoke the spirit of such Ray heroes as Husker Du and mid-period Replacements."
PopMatters,60,"Unexpectedly vibrant, like riot grrrl with tunes. [Oct 2002, p.100]"
Magnet,60,"Stag for the most part rocks with biting fierceness and vibrant energy. [#155, p.81]"

E! Online,100,"The new album, Relationship of Command, is one of the most amazing collections of music I have ever heard."
PopMatters,100,"RELATIONSHIP OF COMMAND IS THE GREATEST ROCK ALBUM I HAVE HEARD IN THE LAST TEN YEARS."
Q Magazine,91,"In a bad time for young guitar bands, including many barely forgettable ones lumped under the trade name 'emo,' these ambitious yowlers are reason for hope."
Alternative Press,90,"ATDI's latest album has its amps cranked to the hilt from start to finish. Far from being another in a long line of sanitised American punk rock albums, 'Relationship Of Command' sounds REAL."
Launch.com,80,"The music roars along, occasionally slowing to build tension, then letting loose with a corrosive guitar assault."
Trouser Press,80,"On this 11-track masterpiece, so full of adrenaline and swarming moods, ATDI has created one of the most infecting and mind-blowing rock albums in a long time. While most of the tracks are of the more aggressive edge, this is undeniably the band's most focused and well put together and, therefore, best all-around album yet."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"The album's only weakness is its awful track sequence. At times it can be uncomfortable to listen to. The songs don't seem to fit together in the order they have been laid out for the listener."
Splendid,70,"They deliver breathless, urgent rifferama, elements of which can be traced to RATM, The Stooges and Placebo."
Rolling Stone,70,"When a band amasses most of its fan base from constant touring, as ATDI has, creating an album that captures the rawness of live shows is paramount. This natural ingredient in its sound is captured beautifully on Relationship of Command."
AllMusic,70,"Producer Ross Robinson (Korn, Deftones, Slipknot, etc.) brings a degree of alt-rock punch to the proceedings, but there's more than enough garage grit left in the grooves to keep the indie kids smirking. There's certainly some downtime on Relationship of Command, but when it hits you'll be smarting, and smiling."
Playlouder,61,"While Relationship of Command doesn't quite compare to seeing this group live, you'll surely want to mosh-dance in your bedroom when you listen to this recording."
The A.V. Club,60,"At the Drive-In (from El Paso, Texas) picks up where Jane's Addiction leaves off, emitting that thin, distinctive Perry Farrell upper register vocal amid a post-punk apocalyptic guitar/bass/drums detonation. Good for the Addiction, not so good for the Drive-In."
PopMatters,60,"This is bound to be praised to the hilt as the Next Big Thing, but rock outfit At The Drive In have only one thing going in their favour - the absence of competition. It's so close to being something beautiful, something to cling on to in these aurally barren times, but it's just so not quite."
AllMusic,60,"Producer Ross Robinson (Korn, Slipknot) adds some arena sheen, true. But it's not enough to smooth the edges off 'Arc Arsenal,' a primal tantrum against rebels 'robbed . . . of their cause,' or to homogenize the ragged beats and mind-bending guitar flurries of 'Enfilade.'"

Billboard,91,"This collection of urgent, gravel voiced anthems is one of the most vital things the punk world has coughed up in years."
Wall of Sound,90,"The harshest and most consistent album of their career."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"Sometimes it sounds like someone grafted the Who's Live at Leeds and the first Minor Threat EP together. Yes, it's that good. [#2, p.103]"
Rolling Stone,80,"Their new record rules, but in the party-punk, young-dumb-full-of-aplomb manner of their eponymous debut and the following year's Let's Go--not in the guitar-often-on-the-offbeat, more mannered manner of . . . And Out Come the Wolves (1995) and Life Won't Wait (1998)."
Village Voice,80,"Rancid is a roots record, scouring off any glossy residue left from the Alternative '90's by returning to pure punk... [Nov. 2000, p.209]"
Sonicnet,80,"Fast, furious and full of wicked good fun..."
CDNow,80,"The vitality of these ditties is such that you'll be swept up in the excitement without much time or inclination for deep lyrical dissections, or fretting about Rancid's originality."
Q Magazine,80,"This self-titled effort is the kind of wall-to-wall spitting, snarling aggression that they haven't fully unleashed on the world since Let's Go."
Alternative Press,73,"But as the songs blow by like so much sonic shrapnel, Rancid runs the risk of trying to say too much too quickly and losing its voice amid the ranting, raging blur."
Drowned In Sound,70,"With Rancid, the band's mix of American thrash minimalism and Brit punk's sound and fury have transcended revivalist mimicry once and for all. The result is a brutally exuberant rock album."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"A refreshing eardrum-blaster..."
Village Voice (Consumer Guide),60,"If punk must survive, it could sound worse than this. (Oct 2000, p.114)"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Thankfully lacking the comedy ska bletherings of their last two albums, this is certainly fast and furious and, where once they seduced the charts with songwriting, now they want to bludgeon with hardcore muscle."
Neumu.net,60,"In an age of 'been there, done that' cynicism, Rancid come across like true believers..."

