9,"Hits you like a breeze block thrown through a plate glass window. Plague Vendor offer up a brutal slice of punk rock thats dark, dirty, fun and at times apocalyptic in sound. It's hard not to be hypnotised by the murky atmosphere; though the album will shatter that trance with pommeling instrumentals and paint stripping vocals before pushing you back beneath the muddy water, only to pull you back out for another sonic assault that will have you wanting to cartwheel through dry walls with reckless abandon. The loaded lyrics will shred you like a hail of straight razors; there's no **** Brandon spits poetic truths with the inarguable intensity of a boiling pan of acid. They'll strip you down, leaving you with only the blood in your veins and sweat on your walls. In summery Plague Vendors second album is much more focused and structured release that manages to refine and concentrate the chaotic force displayed on their debut into something far more formidable. This is the sound of a band thats found exactly what they want to say and how they want to say it. Don't miss out on the experience!",0,0,"Jul 18, 2016"
10,"its an instant classic, there is not one bad song  on the album - catchy melodies, varying song structures, groovy, cool - could be a soundtrack of a tarantino movie.",2,3,"Mar 19, 2016"
3,"I want to show reverence to the many great men who worked on this album and brought me hours of pure rock joy. Criticizing them feels sinful as criticizing does inherently when someone has honest artistic intentions. Ok, here we go. It sounds like Josh Homme created a bunch of rock song shells for Iggy Pop to fill in later. Pop's voice never gets off the ground because, god bless him, he's old, and all he has left is a dirt-bike-exhaust pitch. His voice is grating (not for Tom Waits fans) for those hoping, in vain, for the explosiveness and recklessness of Iggy Pop. The lyrics are strange, dark, and sophomoric. The instruments cannot make it off the airstrip because they'd leave their passenger behind. I'm sorry, guys, but this record felt like a clunky, albeit honest, attempt to save a last dance.",2,9,"Mar 19, 2016"
3,"I am a huge Iggy Pop fan but this album is one of his worst solo efforts ever. 'Mask' was bad but it at least had the title song which was memorable. There is nothing memorable here and you can play it over and over and find nothing that even makes your toes move. I do not know if he has finally run out of gas or he has not recovered from the deaths of those so near. Don't listen to the critics as this is pure filler and a waste. We still love you though but you owe us one.",1,6,"Apr 15, 2016"
8,"A great Iggy Pop record. I still don't really like the first two songs, but the rest is really good, especially Sunday, Chocolate drops and Paraguay. This is rock solid Iggy.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2016"
7,"I wouldn't ordinarily have checked this out but earlier in the year I had a bit of a music vacuum to fill and this had just come out and was very well received. It's not bad but lacks substance for me. Josh Homme's fingerprints are all over it and the record has trademarks throughout. I wonder just how much of the record is Homme's vision as opposed to Pop's. Aside from this, while the songs are reasonably good, Iggy Pop's vocal delivery leaves the record with a sort of flatness to it.",0,0,"Aug 25, 2016"
7,"Iggy Pop returns with a vibe that is similar to his album 'The Idiot' with pretty good results. It's a varied album with lots of different sounds from the spaghetti western sound on 'Vulture' to the playful pop sound of 'Gardenia'. The lyrics are pretty interesting as well exploring themes of death or aging on 'American Valhalla' or thoughts of fame on 'Chocolate Drops'. 'German Days' is a bit of a mess of a song that isn't coherent, and 'Paraguay' was a tad boring, but overall this is a very solid return. It's not as good as 'The Idiot', but from the reviews of the Iggy and the Stooges 'The Weirdness' I guess this is a lot better than that.",0,0,"Apr  1, 2016"
10,"'Os ces ladro e a caravana passa'
Realmente  o que eu vejo, crticos & Media  no produzem nem criam ARTE (mas ladro bastante), quando um trabalho  feito honestamente e sem  produo de milhes... Na REALIDADE quem est a fazer o trabalho artstico  BRILHANTE & INTELIGENTE nessa arte. S posso apoiar, e neste caso eu estou h vontade, comecei a ouvir o lbum no dia 12 de fevereiro, mutos votos por aqui esto a ser influenciados pelos media e
Honestidade & inteligencia no se compram. Enfio aqui um 10/10 porque ningum aqui, tem voto na matria...",0,0,"Mar 20, 2016"
10,"Josh Homme bring Iggy Pop out of / in to retirement with some of the best material by both. Post Pop Depression is as great as QOTSA's ...Like Clockwork.",0,0,"Mar 21, 2016"
8,"An unexpected combination of four musicians makes Post Pop Depression more than an interesting music piece. On the album there's only rarely chosen for the most accessible way, allowing both the aggressiveness of punk, the sheer power of rock as the sunny sounds of indie to find a place on the album. Where the musical lines of Josh Homme's and Dean Fertita's Queens of the Stone Age regularly leave their mark on the sound of the album, Matt Helders adds his experience from the Arctic Monkeys to it. However, the album's is still fully Iggy Pop, who on the album reacts in a confident, excited and humorously way to his mortality and fame. Iggy shows his vulnerability in his dramatic baritone voice and let the poetry underscores his genius. His latest work of art or not, Post Pop Depression is certainly more than a dignified farewell to his wild, punky and energetic career. 7.7/10
Full Review: https://www.platendraaier.nl/albumrecensies/iggy-pop-post-pop-depression/",0,0,"Mar 21, 2016"
10,"Post Pop Depression is exactly what you would expect Queens Of The Stone Age meets Iggy Pop to sound like - The album oozes effortlessly cool desert art post-punk!!",0,0,"Jun  6, 2016"
7,"Not amazing, but the band shows promise. The drum tracks are interesting, but the bass and guitar are rather lackluster. However, the songs do possess a fairly decent display of lyricism. The songwriting is solid. Overall: Not amazingly interesting, but might lead to better things in the future.",0,0,"May 19, 2016"
9,"I've been waiting for an album to match Alvvay's debut album and fill the role of my next summer album. There isn't a single lyric on this album that doesn't call to the wanderlust and discovery of being a young adult. At 10 songs, the album never overstays its welcome, although I would like it to be a little longer. If that is the only criticism to have for an album, it must be pretty damn good.",0,0,"May 16, 2016"
6,"Fine, but they sound too much like the Replacements.   Its too overriding for me, and that's all I can hear.   Not sure why they're getting such a pass on that.  Back in the day the Goo Goo Dolls got ripped a new one for ripping off the Mats.",0,3,"Nov  3, 2015"
8,"Thsi music is loud. I laiike loud [in my punk museic.  But ts' about more than loud. is about youth and discontentinetn. Dope drumps. killed it. my pet dog.",0,0,"Dec 16, 2015"
7,"A decent punk album that doesn't shy away from it's pop appeal. The lyricism is spot on and the vocalist has a nice raspy voice that fits perfect over this type of production.
The album does have one flaw of sounding a bit too samey, but with a short run time this album does not overstay it's visit.
Lush and loud, Beach Slang's album 'The Things We Do To Find People Who Feel Like Us' is a fun ride.
Fav Tracks: Throwaways, Noisy Heaven, Dirty Lights
Least Fav Tracks: Bad Art & Weirdo Ideas",0,0,"Dec 31, 2015"
6,"I am a giant fan of all of Refused previous work, That being said this album is a giant disappointment. The magic that they were able to capture with Shape of Punk to Come is replaced with mostly over produced alt rock hip hop spoken word noise. At least 3/4 of this album is nearly un-listenable. With that being said the stand out tracks that actually sound like the refused on this album are Dawkins Christ and Destroy the man. Over all severely lacking...",2,3,"Jul  3, 2015"
1,"The Refused are **** dead. They did their former guitarist Jon Brnnstrm a favor by firing him. This album is embarrassingly bad. There are no screams. It's 100% clean vocals. They sold out and went from the Hardcore Punk to Indie Alternative Pop. Refused have always changed their sound with every album. However they always stayed within the Hardcore genre. Freedom is the first album to leave the Hardcore genre and join the Radio Friendly Alt Rock Scene.
They even changed their image to conform to the popular Indie Hipster look. The drummer now wears a fedora and those ridiculous hipster glasses. All the members wear vintage clothing, that is popular with hipsters and tight pants. Two of the members even grew untrimmed hipster beards. They look ridiculous. A bunch of guys in their 40s trying to dress like college hipsters.
Freedom is produced by pop producer Shellback who previously worked with Taylor Swift, Britney Spears, and Pink. He even co wrote 2 of the songs. This is the first time Refused has used outside song writers. In the past, Refused wrote ALL of their songs. A band that doesn't write their own songs is a joke.  It seems Refused lost their passion for music and just wrote this album for the $$$. They sold out. They changed their image and music to conform to the current music trends.
If you are one of those loser hipsters that hangs out at Starbucks all day, you will love this album. If not, you'll hate this album. Jon Brnnstrm dodged a bullet by getting fired. He must be feeling relieved that he wasn't a part of this disaster.",1,3,"Jul  4, 2015"
4,"Would have been at least a 6 if not for a Minecraft song. I ask to TB, Why would you think that song is a good artistic decision. Rest of the album is good but not as good as some of their earlier work",0,0,"Oct  8, 2015"
9,"I saw this band on Letterman and had to find out who they were. I was really impressed by their look and sound which is unique but which also reminds me of early clash, bauhaus and joy division. Download all of their other EPs (on iTunes), and make yourself another 30 minute album which is just as good as this new release. Would love to see them live. I'll bet their shows are awesome. Great stuff and recommended!",0,0,"Mar  4, 2014"
8,"A very great punk rock album. The music and vocals are some of the most riveting I've heard in some time, particularly those of the opening track. The other tracks are mostly quite good, but didn't reach the amazing level of first one.",0,0,"Mar  9, 2014"
5,"Noisy aggressive post punk music here, similar to Joy Division, Bowhouse and Holograms. Full of energy, ferociousness, re-verb and decent production. Not really engaging though and the vocals are pretty uninteresting. The songs don't stick much either to me.",0,0,"Apr 23, 2014"
10,"Alas dear Wilhelm! Tas been too long.
So it took me a surprising amount of time to really get round to listening to this record properly but my god am I please I finally have! With A Wilhelm Scream taking a rather lengthy gap between their studio follow up to their self titled EP I must admit I lost momentum somewhat with my following of their progress. What a gut shot wake up call this album has been though.
Whilst I enjoyed Career Suicide there were moments where I found myself less engaged than during the lofty heights of Ruiner however Partycrasher marks the perfect balance between their back cataloge and their more direct rock sensibilities they've recently been pursuing. There isn't a single song on this album that warrants a skip! (a talent this band seem eerily capable of with every release!)
This album has it all, awesome melodies and the trademark awesomeness of the harmonized guitars used just often enough to be tasteful and not overdone. The band are definitely at the top of their game as far as song writing goes this time around, there's plenty of diversity and songs such as Sassaquin offer a rather different more melodic side to the band. Oh and those riffs in Hairy Scarecrow...just wow! The added screamy vocal dimension in one or two songs adds some intensity which doesn't go amiss and truly serves to push things to the limit.
This album has re-invigorated my zeal for the band and I honestly can't wait to hear what they follow it up with even if I was a little late to the party.......crasher. (Di dum Chi!)",0,0,"Jul 28, 2014"
10,"There could be no better box set you could own. Ever. The Clash' discography is a timeless one. They stand out as one of the few enduring punk bands with a voice, message and set of convictions that was unchanging, unrelenting and has proved unstoppable. From their two chord, savage masterpieces, to their jazz and dub infused experimentations of later years, The Clash were non-static and poured great passion into every one of their albums. There is not much new to hear here, but it is all epic. Every track is worth poring over.",4,4,"Sep 17, 2013"
7,"Strange that this hasn't had a rating yet. Figured I'd give it one. Not a bad album here by any means but it's certainly got as good as their first two. Overall I give it about a 7.2/10. 'Ghosts' and 'Present Future and Past' are probably We Came As Romans's best songs ever. Sadly a lot of the rest of the album felt like filler. And one of the tracks ('Fade Away') is just awful. Kinda sounds like Nickelback. Overall if you're a WCAR fan, you'll probably love this. I just wish it would've been a little heavier and a bit more complex. I miss the epic guitar riffs and orchestral instruments that were present in the first two.",3,3,"Jun 12, 2015"
8,"This album is definitely not WCAR's best but not their worst. I personally think it's pretty good. It blends a more pop focused voice with a heavy aggressive sound that ranges for all audiences. However, I feel a lot of the songs portray no emotion and were written to meet a deadline for album production. The song that truly stands out to me is ghost. I feel that both Fade Away and Never Let Me Go were made simply to be commercialized and to make money and are the downfalls of the album.",0,0,"Sep  9, 2015"
10,"It's great to see a band like Senses Fail that has all the potential to be a great hardcore band put their strengths together and make what they've always wanted to. Some will be upset that they've taken this path away from their pop punk/emo rock stages and went with a heavy raw sound, but not me and the same will go for many hardcore fans who come across this album. Absolutely fantastic.",1,1,"Apr 25, 2013"
10,"A band that really grew on me a year or so ago has certainly come a long way since their primary sound in From the Depths. Of course, I cannot consider myself a fan from the start, but I can appreciate how far they have come, and I have loved pretty much every song they have ever put out. So to hear such a differentiation in sound blew me away; they have certainly switched to a far heavier sound, but the lyrics are inspirational as always, and it being such a gamble on their part, they have earned my utmost respect.
I'm hoping the next album they put out is just as well executed.",0,0,"Jan 19, 2014"
9,"Gallows have truly evolved and with their new album (Gallows) they have become the real deal. They have managed to combine the chaos of hard core punk rock with a more professional approach to musicianship and performance and have lost none of their originality and aggression. This latest album, Gallows, reflects a growing confidence and maturity which is rapidly expanding their fan base across Europe. It is a fan base that has remained loyal despite watching this band almost disintegrate in internal disagreements. And that is the big difference. This difficult third album shows us a truly great band pulling together, working together, telling us that they are not going away. Wade McNeil has provided stability and is the ideal front-man to take Gallows forward and harness this mighty talent. Gallows, like their two previous albums starts with a surprise, the unexpected. It then unwraps like a Russian doll absorbing elements of Orchestra of Wolves and Grey Britain before creating something totally unexpected and satisfying. This album sees Gallows at their best and coming of age. This is a classic adrenalin driven powerhouse of an album that leaves you longing for more and only Gallows could have pulled this off.",0,0,"Sep 22, 2012"
8,"Shonen Knife is the group that was meant to do a Ramones cover album, and the final product proves it. The band does great fresh takes on songs you've heard often enough to know by heart. And yes, Shonen Knife's live performances of these songs are even better (YouTube them)! My only disappointment is that their cover of 'I Wanna Be Sedated', which is my favorite Ramones cover ever, wasn't included on this album.",1,1,"Jun 27, 2012"
10,"Cancer Bats did it again! Take hardcore, then add metal and a little pinch of southern flavor to spice things up in the world of canadian post-hardcore.",0,0,"Aug 24, 2010"
6,"This album was listed No. 1 on Kurt Cobain's list of best albums ever and has been praised by musicians Johnny Marr and Cee Lo Green; its understandable why - the David Bowie produced record is a loud, vicious attack on the ears, with some heavy riffs and Iggy Pop's sometimes unintelligible vocals its easy to see this as a precursor to late 70's punk and Nirvana.
Despite the praise that I have given the album, I honestly do not like it. Yes, its an influential album but that doesn't make it a good one. With 8 songs clocking in at 34 minutes it feels drawn out, with most of the songs feeling overly long and never ending due to their somewhat repetitive nature. An influential classic - but not that good.",0,0,"Apr  4, 2014"
9,"It's solid, with very few weak spots. Much more seamless than the jack-of-all-trades Living with the Living from 2007. Many, many solid listens here.",0,0,"Mar 24, 2010"
7,"This Addiction offers something newer for Alkaline Trio. They've dropped the gritty punk sound that they developed in their early albums and got rid of the over-production that they had on Agony and Irony. It's a solid album but it still feels like a sound yet to be mastered. Some songs are instant classics, while others fall as flat as half of all the other pop-punk messes out there. The album as a whole holds up and is genuinely enjoyable.  An album that should definitely be a part of any ak3 fan's music library.",0,0,"Jan  2, 2014"
9,"Definitely one of the most impressive and unexpected rock albums of the last year or two, and pretty unlike anything out there...hence I guess the title of the record. 'Drugwolf' and 'I Cannot Answer You Tonight' are standouts, but there isn't a throwaway track on the entire thing.",1,1,"Mar 19, 2010"
10,"Crime In Stereo's best album, and that's saying a whole hell of a lot. Continue's the experimental spirit of '...Is Dead', and explores it to the highest imaginable satisfying ends.",1,1,"Aug 11, 2010"
8,"This is a very dense and challenging record on first listen. But, it has flashes of pop and beautiful harmonics, which make it an altogether captivating listen. I love its experimentalism, but sometimes it verges on being interesting rather than brilliant! This isn't a bad thing, it just means you have to let it take you on a sonically beautiful, but at times difficult journey. So, overall, an interesting album that captivates and necessitates repeat listens. Can't wait for the next one!",0,0,"Mar 26, 2010"
8,"Solid album. I wasn't even into this genre but this album has me interested. Not a bad track on the playlist.",0,0,"Mar 28, 2010"
9,"Writing this review shortly after the band has split might be a biased.The album is absolutely fantastic.  The tempo shifts, guitar play and lyrics will have you coming back time and time again.  Track 1 through six never take the foot off the gas and leads into of the best singles (Type One) that didn't get the radio play it deserves.  How did this band not make it?  I'm not sure but I believe it's a testament on how bad commercialism and I'm sure of bad management can cover up an absolute gem of an album.Best classification of the album?  No need to hit the skip button at any time.Looking forward to the reunion.",0,0,"Aug 21, 2010"
10,"This is an album that transcends genres and tastes to deliver what can be heard as an epic of human struggle.  The angst and the conflict are present and developed.  Offering any critique to this album proves nearly impossible.  The pinnacle of an alternative punk album.  More to be found in each listen and a work of art that all musicians should strive for in every piece.",0,0,"May  5, 2013"
2,"Shopping mall and supermarket music. Are all the reviewers 13 year olds?",0,2,"Jan 27, 2010"
10,"Love all th songs and the combination with tha amazing art of Joe Ledbetter create something UNIQUE! 10 +!!",0,0,"Jan 21, 2010"
9,"Their best album to date. Great songs, amazing lyrics, and overall just awesome. I highly recommend everyone to at least check them out and go buy their album.",0,0,"Jan 20, 2010"
10,"Brilliant lyrics; astounding music; They deserve a gold star.",0,0,"Jan 22, 2010"
10,"I would give this album a 9.7 but it wont let me. This could be argued as the bands best album yet as could I Am the Movie and Commit This to Memory. There isn't a song on this album that i wouldn't love to continually listen to over and over again and it doesn't yet give off the vibe that I may one day get tired of the album. also after pre-ordering the deluxe version of the album and getting to see all of the Joe Ledbetter artwork in all its glory it really does add something more to an already amazing album.",0,0,"Feb  3, 2010"
10,"Awesome! MCS one again delivers the goods. They are an incredibly hard working band that deserves more attention and respect then have received over the years. Justin has a special view of the world that is framed with unique and personal lyrics. MCS is amazing ....thanks for delivering a great record!!!",0,0,"Jan 22, 2010"
10,"This album has the potential to be Motion City Soundtrack's best so far. The only real complaint I have is the song History Lesson. Justin voice somewhat saves it from being completely terrible, but still I skip over it when listening to the album.",0,0,"Jan 23, 2010"
10,"This combination of smart, relatable lyrics and catchy, carefully-constructed music doesn't come around very often. How can a band with such mass appeal still be invisible to the masses? I hope it stays that way so they don't fall victim to jaded and disgruntled critics in the future.",0,0,"Jan 21, 2010"
10,"After 2007's 'Even If It Kills Me' disappointed in a fairly large way. It's good to see Motion City Soundtrack come back and  make what is arguably the best album of their career. Also making what is, inarguably, the best song of their career: 'Pulp Fiction'. Major kudos all around, this album is great.",0,0,"Aug 11, 2010"
1,"This record exhibits none of the genius seen on their previous two outputs. Max's looking glass is getting more predictable, less musical, and empty hearted. I wish he'd go back to playing the guitar and stop worrying about his voice sounding good. His voice sucks, but that never stopped them from making great records before.",0,0,"Nov 11, 2009"
9,"Insanely catchy music with witty and clever lyrics proving just why Say Anything is the best pop punk band today.",0,0,"Jan 20, 2010"
9,"This is quite a brilliant offering from Say Anything. I like the variation in the tracks very much and the great lyrics also. One of the top cd's this year, in my opinion.",0,0,"Nov 12, 2009"
9,"Excellent followup to In Defense. I am a real boy still trumps it, but it is an excellent listen again and again.",0,0,"Nov  9, 2009"
10,"You'll be singing the catchy hooks from this album for weeks on end.. It's pop and rocks hooks that make you scream the songs lyrics in the car on your way to work. It's similar to the hooks off of early Weezer records. You will dig this album.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2009"
7,"I like a lot of songs on this album, but there are a few sporadically placed tracks that I don't necessarily enjoy. I wish the damn Metacritic site had formatting, so I could actually list the songs that I like and what I like about em, but I'll just go do that on Amazon. Either way, an okay album. I like the previous two more, however.",0,0,"Mar 15, 2012"
6,"A few great tracks, a few duds, a few in between. A very 'meh' album in its purest form. For what it's worth, even the duds on this album are catchy as hell, though I'm not sure that's what the band was going for.",0,0,"Sep 17, 2013"
10,"Too good. Big increase in technicality over some of their other releases, a welcome change. Probably their 2nd or 3rd best release, behind Jane Doe and maybe No Heroes. Buy this!",0,0,"Oct 25, 2009"
10,"Having listened to Converge for the better part of a decade, I'd have to say Axe to Fall stands up pretty damn close to Jane Doe. That's saying a LOT.",0,0,"Oct 25, 2009"
10,"Certain sites (cough cough Sputnikmusic! cough cough) like to ruin great bands overall scores on this site -- as they did to mastodon's new record, calling it 'poor'. silly silly, i say. it really is a shame that these critics seem to get off on saying bad things about great bands in a time when real art-as-music is few and far between. i wish i could somehow 'throw out' their reviews and have someone with a bit more empathy and passion write one that would do them justice. rock is in its death-throws for quite some time now. we should all learn to appreciate these late masterpieces and gems that have been released since the mid-90's which may in factl diminish over the next decade (sadly... all styles have eventually become somewhat exhausted over a long enough time-line, i.e. the jazz/blues etc. styles, just as 17th century baroque/rococo styles became old-hat, and 19th century romanticism exhausted various forms, including the sonata, which many had consider the 'jewel' of western music, however timeless) ...and what will come out of the ashes of 'rock'? the answer is hidden somewhere in the greatness of groups like converge (or the flaming lips, or radiohead, or even the mars volta, to name a few)... it's hard to put your finger on a 'new' sound or style before it has been codified or clearly defined. something's coming, fellow music lovers. i can't wait to hear what it is... all rock styles have begun to CONVERGE (hehe) in a no-holds-barred and overt manner, so perhaps we shouldn't be using ultra-specific genre-labeling in a genre that is built on a foundation that was already a hybrid. i call it 'mutt music'. 10 out of 10 for this group of talented musicians and sonic-bloodbath enthusiasts for forging ahead in a genre (rock, broadly) with so much at stake according to those with enough intuition to look to the future and ask, 'what's next?'",0,0,"Oct 29, 2009"
10,"This is quite possibly the best metal/hardcore album to come out this year, and it gives Jane Doe a run for its money. Axe to Fall takes the classic Converge sound, expands on it and throws in some awesome guest artists and the result is the most accessible, genre-defying Converge album yet and they don 't lose a bit of their intensity.",0,0,"Oct 23, 2009"
10,"I have a question: Why aren't metal or punk publications ever cited at metacritic? They're the ones who would know most of all how FANTASTIC this record is! Converge is the band of the decade. Everything from Jane Doe till Axe to Fall has been nothing short of stellar. My highest recommendation for the progressive listener with an openness to hear something aggressive and powerful.",0,0,"Oct 27, 2009"
10,"This is the greatest album I have heard of Converge and it is the greatest thing I heard in 2009. It is raw and technical at the same time. Emotional and apocalyptic. There are few band that can create such a powerful and heavy masterpiece. Almost no double bass and blast drumming, yet the album is like bulldozer.",0,0,"Sep 25, 2011"
0,"WTF how dare they classify this stupid band as pop-punk, real pop-punk is green day, blink-182, and My Chemical Romance not this garbage! Worst album ever by the gayest band ever and by gay I dont mean it in a homophobic way.",0,2,"Jan 25, 2012"
10,"Amazing melodies, love the sound effects. Even better thasn Scream.",0,0,"Oct 19, 2009"
0,"This albums sucks.",0,0,"Oct  9, 2009"
0,"Its very, very bad.",0,0,"Oct  9, 2009"
10,"Very good!",0,0,"Oct  8, 2009"
0,"The worst album of the decade, its so crap.",0,0,"Oct  8, 2009"
0,"This albums sucks.",0,0,"Oct 18, 2009"
8,"Humanoid shows a good amount of musical growth from Tokio Hotel's previous release, Scream. The lyrics on the English version of this album have quite a few horrendously awkward and/or shallow moments, but considering that the band members are from Germany, what can one expect? The lyrics on the German release are much better. The depth of the lyrics has decreased a notch or two from 'Scream,' but that lack is made up for by the electronic elements that were added to the music. There is still room for improvement (mostly in the English lyrics), but Humanoid definitely shows musical progression. On the other hand, most of the bonus songs were terrible. There was a reason those songs didn't make it on the actual album. Now, 'Alien' and 'Phantomrider' weren't bad, but then again, they were real 'album' songs on the German version. The true bonus material - Attention, Down on You, That Day, and Screamin' - were all tinged with the disgusting flavor of over-production and selling out. It should be noted, though, that many of the failures on Humanoid were co-written by The Matrix - a production group that has a tendency towards mainstream pop music. The end result of the collaboration between The Matrix and Tokio Hotel seems to be a failure. The Matrix produces a good deal of amazing pop music and the like, but they just don't merge with Tokio Hotel.
In the end, Humanoid pulls through with wonderful melodies and diversity. All of the songs have a distinct sound, but the album is still cohesive. It's definitely worth a listen. If you find yourself enjoying the sound but not the lyrics, it might help to check out the German edition and a few on-line lyric translation sites.",0,0,"Aug 25, 2010"
10,"If you love rock music and don't care for lyrics then you'll love 'Tokio Hotel's' new album 'Humanoid.' Unfortunately I like music with lyrics so I have to say I'm not really liking this album that much. I much prefer their song 'Don't jump' which tells of a heart warming story of suicide and the music video makes me cry every time.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2010"
10,"One year and 47 listens later, this refuses to lose any of its' punch for me. While it, like its' predecessor, continues to be unable to beat 2007's 'Zimmer 483', it certainly comes closer than 'Scream' in doing so. From start to finish it is an epic saga, covering soft, touching songs like 'Zoom Into Me' which appears later on in the album, and epic rock ballads such as 'Noise' and 'Screamin'', which, respectively, open and close the deluxe edition of the album. Lyrically the album isn't in any sense of the word bad, in fact it's very adequate for a German-to-English translation, however what has improved in instrumental skill and sound has been lost slightly in lyrical ability compared to 'Humanoid''s predecessor. Nonetheless, the album is a perfect example of how Tokio Hotel's general sound and ability have matured over the past three years. It doesn't pull any punches and it certainly doesn't lose any gas from start to finish. A perfect 10/10 despite the few flaws that it does have.
Top Songs:
'Phantomrider'
'Humanoid'
'Noise'",0,0,"Dec  4, 2010"
10,"This is my favourite album ever. Every song has a meaning and the melodies are just breathtaking! I love the new sound and Bill's voice is just incredible! :)",0,0,"Mar  6, 2011"
10,"I don't know about you, but I really liked this album! It has so meaningful lyrics and yes, in some parts it may sounds a little bit auto tuned, but it's still an awesome album!",0,0,"May 17, 2013"
9,"I'm perplexed that any fan that doesn't like t heir recent material is still reviewing it ,anyhoo...
Has you can see most of negative reviews are people who just downright dislike this band or expect them to remain in their old hardcore-punk (which I didn't find them to be all that great back in the day, Art of Drowning was probably the only CD I can honestly say I've considered and ended up buying).
About Crash Love, I bought this the day of it's release (I got the 2 CD deluxe edition). It was one of the best CDs I've bought in recent years that is considered 'mainstream' (for all those terminology gurus)
and I loved about 95% of the CD (Including the demo tracks included on the second CD, which I loved that entire thing [it actually has been played more than the regular CD itself])
There's a mix of genres on the CD and anyone open to alternative, 80s alternative-influenced, pop-punk/rock. Should definitely take a listen!",1,1,"Apr  7, 2013"
2,"I'm perplexed that people are comparing this to any of AFI",1,2,"Dec  4, 2009"
4,"What a disappointment",0,1,"Dec  4, 2009"
2,"That Americans continue to listen to this suburban teen crap reminds me why I never want to go back there. Honestly - America - your latest generation has been raised by marketing execs hiding behind fake entertainment, and now you are paying the price by becoming zombies.",0,3,"Nov 13, 2009"
10,"I ? it, exactly what I expected from my favorite band, all of my expectations were exceeded. Sounds like a mix of 'Art of Drowning' and 'Sing the Sorrow', but definitely leaning more towards the fast-tempo dark rock sounds of StS. But it doesnt copy so many elements that it sounds like a rehash, it's a very refreshing new direction for AFI. The fact that there's 6 bonus tracks is just icing on the cake. Favorite songs: Beautiful Thieves, End Transmission, Too Shy To Scream, Veronica Sawyer Smokes, Sacrilege, Cold Hands Final verdict: 10/10. You owe it to yourself to check out this album.",0,0,"Oct  1, 2009"
9,"Up there with Sing the Sorrow and Black Sails amongst their best.",0,0,"Oct  1, 2009"
6,"Always had a weird thing with AFI, yet, even though I find some of their music just plain crap, they still manage every album to produce something really catchy and attractive to listen to. Even if it may not be the 'hit single', it's still a half-decent album. Props to them for being one of the only commercial bands this year to add a flavour of creativity in their music.",0,0,"Oct 15, 2009"
8,"Exactly what I didn't expect. A totally new sound from AFI. It may have lost that hardcore edge, but this new style isn't that bad at all. Something for everyone. Also the riffs are catchy and the choruses are melodic. I was most impressed by the sound engineering, the songs doesn't get dull on you that you need to press the 'skip' button.",0,0,"Sep 30, 2009"
7,"If I were younger maybe something I would play all the time. It's listenable but not in the best way for someone over a certain age.",0,0,"Nov 19, 2009"
10,"Terrific. Melodic and rockin', a worthy follow-up to Decemberunderground. Davey is in fine voice, and still testing all the different colors that voice will produce. Jade has stopped holding back--the guitars are loud and proud. Shy boys do win. Too Shy to Scrream will burrow it's way into your head like one of those worms from Star Trek III, and force you to dance around the house whether you like it or not. A winner!",0,0,"Oct  8, 2009"
8,"Really good album from the band, which works surprisingly well.",0,0,"Oct 11, 2009"
8,"Far removed from the soaring synthesized polish of December Underground, Crash Love shines with a minimalist approach that particularly highlights Jade's (lead guitar) excellent work. The songs feature a diverse variety of styles even approaching a unexpected 80s punk-pop sound 'Veronica Sawyer Smokes,' a track I dismissed on the first spin but quickly grew to love. The highlights IMHO are Veronica Sawyer, Torch Song, Beautiful Thieves, and my fav, Sacrilege. It's truly a pleasuable listen that reminds me that strikes true on all the elements in which AFI truly excels. Make sure you take a look at the lyrics else you'll be missing some vivid work.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2009"
9,"AFI's reach into influential territories of The Smiths, Bauhaus, etc. and create a their own version of 80's rock.",0,0,"Nov  3, 2009"
6,"While Crash Love is stylishly produced and pays tribute to the pop-punk genre more than recent albums, it's sad when the most devoted fans are disappointed by Havok's lackluster in the lyrical content department, as well as the band's overall depth.",0,0,"Mar 12, 2011"
6,"The depth and edge of their previous music is gone, notably in the lyrical content. But the melodies in some ways still retain a lot from AFI's older roots. And while it's far from topping its predecessors creativity, Crash Love is still pure punk rock with a bit of pop that may satisfy fans. One of its brightest moments are 'End Transmission', a seemingly Cure-esque power ballad, and 'Darling, I Want To Destroy You', a generic, but catchy radio-friendly pop rock track. However, its downfall mostly revolves around the album's lack of innovation or individuality for that matter.",0,0,"Jun  7, 2011"
8,"This album is really not bad. It's got some weak points and filler, but that was never different on AFI's other albums.I'm not completely a fan of the pop influence of this album, but you can recognize in the songwriting, that aside from the production, AFI still has their roots in punk, and do that justice. My favourite song is Torch Song by a large margin.",0,0,"Nov 26, 2011"
8,"This album like most AFI albums changes to a new sound and genre. They are more pop-rock oriented than previous efforts but have some really catchy and mesmerizing stuff on this album.A well done effort but some songs fill like fillers. 8/10.",0,0,"Oct 21, 2013"
7,"the album crash love AFI band and album which emits more sentimental songs and this leaves little umm comic book style, but their beats not fail to match such as letters, Ok I Feel Better Now and bonus Breathing Towers to Heaven, and that in my opinion the best album",0,0,"Mar 13, 2014"
8,"Fans have a dangerous ability to become negative when hit by change. The third album is a solid album that retains the lyrical and melodic talent of the band. That said, it falls short of the first two 'Billy Talent' albums which were sublime. That does not write it off however, it still provides a powerful listen.",1,1,"Apr 12, 2013"
10,"the critics all seem to have their heads up their asses, sure it's not as good as the first or second album, but it's still very good. i will recommend this album until the day I die.",1,1,"Jul 30, 2016"
10,"Critics don't know what they are talking about. Great progression from their second album.",2,3,"Dec  4, 2009"
10,"This album got my really into Billy Talent music. Although I had known before two or three songs, I did not pay attention to that album. Whatever the critics say... I don't care. This is my favourite album.",2,3,"Jul 27, 2011"
2,"From a band who I've enjoyed thoroughly thanks to some catchy songs, this album left me wondering.....I just can't get into these new songs at all. Fans of commercial rock I think will enjoy it, but I can't get into it at all.",1,3,"Oct 15, 2009"
8,"I am new to Billy Talent's music. I've heard so much praise of their work, that when I saw their new release, I figured I should give it a try. Well I must say I was impressed. I was expecting something like Sum 41, Good Charlotte, Blink 182 or any of the Punk/Emo bands from the last 10 years that I really don",0,0,"Oct  1, 2009"
10,"I don't know what album the critics are hearing, it isn't the one I heard. Great album, a solid effort. Not quite as good as the first album, but better then the second.",0,0,"Oct  2, 2009"
10,"I do not know what the critics seem to have against this album it is probably because it is not the mainstream trash that they listen too.others say that the lyrics have no meaning.Saint Veronika should proove them wrong.This album has made Bill y Talent my favourite band.",0,0,"Nov  4, 2009"
9,"After the 3rd Album they still sound as they did on the first. way to not sell out your unique style, which by the way people love and critics for some reason do not.",0,0,"Oct  6, 2009"
8,"I had to listen to it a few times before I bought into it because it does seem to lack some of the energy of the first two. Still it has really grown on me and though its not nearly as good as the first album it is better then the second. Definatley worth giving a chance.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2009"
7,"Very good commercial rock, with old punk roots. Think Incubus with old school punk balls.",0,0,"Sep 23, 2009"
8,"Don't believe these reviews! avid billy talent fan. Don't think it quite lives up to 1 & 2 but still a solid album not one song i don't like on the album my fav is dead cant testify! If you like billy talent you will like this album.",0,0,"Sep 25, 2009"
8,"Honestly the is a decent record. It will grow on you. I use to hate his music and style but now i find it innovating and definitely unoccupied.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2009"
9,"This is a great album, and a natural progression from Billy Talent I and II (btw why are they not on Metacritic? they deserve a 10). The critics are completely ridiculous. While the album is definitely not as edgy and intense as the first two efforts, there is definitely insane guitar work that rivals anything that is out right now. The best songs include but are not limited to: Devil on my Shoulder, Rusted from the Rain, Saint Veronika, White Sparrows, The Dead can't Testify, Diamond on a Landmine, Turn your back and Sudden Movements.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2011"
9,"One of the best album in history! Billy Talent got better and better with every single one of their albums and so this ist their very best so far! So much great songs with a lot of story in it. BUT it is still fun to rock your ass off to it (I can say that, I saw them live!). I learned to love Billy Talent with this album and I'm looking forward excitedly to their upcoming album 'Dead Silence'! Critics really don't know what they're saying. Not so rough anymore, but rough enough to rock off with it!",0,0,"Aug 18, 2012"
10,"This album ripped out my mind then showed it to me. I will travel with Travels always.",0,0,"Jul 17, 2009"
9,"The first track takes me straight back to RATM and the mid-90s. It gets even better from there. Sometimes a bit bleak lyrically but hey we can't all be of a cheerful disposition.",0,0,"Aug 13, 2009"
10,"Meatier than a pig eating steaks.",0,0,"Jul 15, 2009"
10,"I have no idea why this band aren't huge. An absolute classic of an album.",0,0,"Jul 24, 2009"
10,"Brilliant, no other band is a thrilling and punishing as this FOTL. full of hits. no filler. great lyrics, great melodies, great titles all crammed into 33 of the most addictive minutes BUY IT NOW you will not be disappointed.",0,0,"Aug 29, 2009"
8,"Another quality Rancid album.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2009"
9,"It's true that this is a softer Rancid than that of years gone by, but this is nonetheless an incredible pop, punk, country and ska album. It did take me a few listens to get into. An early contender for album of the year.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2009"
9,"This is one of the best albums I have heard in years. Thankfully Rancid has stayed true to their sound, but you don't have to be a punk to enjoy it.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2009"
6,"Its ok, but not up to usuall Rancid standards. This is something the kids at the mall would buy in Hot Topic.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2009"
8,"Great Album. Not nearly as good as And Out Come the Wolves but that is a legendary album. LTDF is real good and is a fun energetic listen. Love the song You Want it You got it. Tim, Lars, and Matt are 3 punk gods and they are still doing great things.",0,0,"Oct 20, 2010"
6,"Interessante, porm um pouco mal trabalhado, no sei qual a percepo disso no mundo na msica, no  la grande coisa para se admirar mais at que  bom.",0,0,"Jan  3, 2014"
3,"I have to say that this album is crap.",0,1,"Jun 26, 2009"
10,"Favorite album of the year by far.",0,0,"Oct  4, 2009"
10,"This is the most brutal, angry properly punk album that's been released in a long time. Frank Carter sounds like Johnny Rotten, only angrier and the pace of the music is just incredible, I love this album. It is probably the most important punk/hardcore album in at least 5 years. This is true punk how its meant to be, it  should also prove to people that bands like good charlotte are not and never will be punk, they're just posers. This is an angry, gritty and fast album, and thats how punk should be",0,0,"Sep 14, 2010"
10,"This album is awesome even though none of the tracks were made by hatebreed. The hardcore masters did an over the top job at covering songs from killer hardcore and metal bands such as Metallica, Slayer, Suicidal Tendencies, and Misfits. though not my favorite hatebreed album, it is still cool to hear them play these classic songs from awesome bands.",0,0,"Jan 25, 2013"
9,"El Hefe has really outdone himself on this album, and Mike's songwriting is as diverse and tight as ever. Not an instant classic, but compared to 99% of the other music you could listen to this is absolutely amazing stuff. It's impossible to compare to other NOFX albums at this point since it's still new to me, but my first impression is very positive. Of course it sounds a lot like their older stuff -- but it's the sound that they created themselves! If they drastically changed their style (a la Green Day) it would be a huge disappointment to me, and I've been a fan since the mid-90's.",0,0,"Jul  9, 2009"
8,"While not as classic as Heavy Petting Zoo or S & M Airlines, it's still has a few gems. Fat Mike has matured a bit in his lyrical writings. 'My Orphan Years' is atypical for a NOFX song, with strong emotions of loss of family to death. But do not fret, there are nods to Indigo Girls inspired indie rock twins Tegan & Sarah in 'Creeping Out Sarah.' 'Blasphemy (the Victimless Crime)' is classic sounding NOFX. I highly recomend this album for any NOFXist. It still rings of the Cali punk style, which may be underground, but still pounds its chest strong.",0,0,"Jun  3, 2009"
9,"Perhaps a bit rushed, or perhaps there is just nothing left to sing about, the latest offering from this punk rock elite outfit is neither their best or worst record to date. Unfortunately this is more of a straight up rock record than their forays into assorted roots of music and their brash brand of humor is fairly absent from this record with the exception of their single 'Creeping Out Sara' which is a short and very humorous piece about creeping out Sara (or was it Tegan?) from the canadian folk duo Tegan & Sara once night backstage at a show. If you were to introduce someone to NOFX's music, this would probably be more towards the bottom of the list of what they should listen to first, but like most NOFX records, it's not a certain charm to it and they really can't write a bad record (or even a bad song for that matter). Their last record was a stellar effort, but this one doesn't seem to match. Perhaps age has caught up with them or they've settled a bit on their haunces when it comes to the songwriting process. All in all, any fan of NOFX will enjoy this record, but it will only temporary hold them over until the next effort and if you're a first time listener, please give their earlier work a spin and then consider coming back.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2009"
8,"This is a pretty cool album, its full of the humour that NOFX are famous for, but it also gets very personal on songs like orphan year, Im a huge fan of the band and i love it, but for people just wanting to get in to NOFX i would recommend war on errorism or white trash two heebs and a bean. still a great little album though",0,0,"Sep 14, 2010"
8,"A good album all in all. while i may be biased, its blended enough and holds my attention and never skips a eat. I'll listen to it at least once a day for the next couple weeks.",0,0,"Mar 10, 2009"
8,"Not bad.",0,0,"Mar 12, 2009"
7,"A nice return to form from an above-average pop-punk band. nothing revolutionary, but good.",0,0,"Mar 13, 2009"
9,"Very good pop-punk album. A blend of their previous work, it ranges from earlier energetic tracks to more melodic Coming Home type songs. It also has strong hardcore influences with chugging guitar break downs and gang chants.",0,0,"Mar 15, 2009"
9,"There best in a long while, THEY are the best in a long while lol.",0,0,"Mar 15, 2009"
10,"It's perfect album. Every song is without any mistake. Everything is how it should be. GREAT!",0,0,"Mar 17, 2009"
10,"If you read Pitchfork, you're an idiot. This album IS diamond-in-the-rough territory. Am I to believe the limp shoegaze indie pop throw-back of The Pains of Being Pure At Heart or the lemme-run-my-mix-through-a-digital-brickwall-compressor-so-no-one-realizes-my-songs-suck of Wavves is better than DEATH!? Get the hell outta here!",1,1,"Mar 20, 2009"
7,"Not necessarily a lost classic, but an incredible document.",0,0,"Mar 24, 2009"
7,"I'm one of the few that felt The Bronx II was as good as effort number one. Whilst I may be in a minority, I feel the band did well to evolve musically and move on into new territory. The problem with The Bronx III though, is that the Bronx seem to have hit a wall. Some songs are jumbled - through both composition or structure and leave you feeling slightly dissatisfied with the overall sound of the album. For an album that only lasts 35 minutes, this can be devastating. However, with The Bronx, stating that their latest effort isn't as good as their previous work still leaves them head and shoulders above most of the stuff that comes out in this genre. Fans will fall in love with this... It's worth buying, just pick up the other two first.",0,0,"Nov 23, 2008"
10,"Dominic you are completely outa line, this album is the best yet i've heard from Rise Against. Its solid, timely and awesome fun to listen to. Ultimately, it doesnt matter if they've gona a bit mainstream, as long as their music still holds the quality that made Sufferer and the Witness, and it does. Ive been listening since The Unraveling and other albums from them, but ive gotta say this is the best by far. Tim's lyrics are so sharp and relevant to everything they stand for. Perfect album, perfect band.",4,5,"Feb 21, 2009"
10,"This album is very entertaining. The only people who do not seem to like it are the ones who do not like Rise Against's style overall or don't like seeing consistency in a band, and these are the ones who should just be leaving it alone anyway. So if you like Rise Against, you will like this album.",2,3,"Jan  2, 2009"
0,"disaapointing, every album for me just heads more and more mainstream, from the unravelling to revolutions, 2 very good albums, things started to slip slightly in siren song, and sufferer and the witness for me (although rather enjoying the album) was aimed to appeal to a wider audience, not the punk fans who have followed rise against for many years. Now i'm seeing reviews about how this new album is full of brilliant songs, it just isn't true! for real rise against fans who haven't just jumped on the bandwagon since the 2006 release of s&tw, i'd say avoid this album, it will only leave you feeling almost angered at the, what can only be described as a sell-out attempt, album. This to me is showing rise against are heading very much down the same route as the offspring, it's a real pity. the chicago 'punk' band has really let itself down with this!",0,5,"Oct 16, 2008"
2,"Good ideas, Just a waste of money and time. Mainly the vocals for me, Tim's voice is pitched, its not 'Hardcore' anymore. More Pop Punk in my opinion",0,1,"Nov 21, 2008"
10,"this is definitely one of my favourite albums by these guys. its got some real tunes on it and Hero Of War might just be one of their best songs yet.",0,0,"Nov 16, 2008"
8,"All in all, great CD. Doesn't live up to Siren Songs (By far my fav of their CD's) But still great. Personally I view it was better than sufferer, but its left best up to personal taste. Catchy songs, new guitarist def making his mark.",0,0,"Oct  8, 2008"
9,"This is a solid RA album, clearly showing the ongoing evolution of the band and their subject matter. It recieves such a high rating from me becouse, well, a solid RA album is at the same level as a brilliant album by most bands. RA seems to be holding up fairly well under the stresses of increased popularity and examination by critics, with songs like Hero of War displaying their stubborn desire to say what they think despite calling down a hellstorm of criticism. However, both the more consistantly mid-range sound throughout most of the album and the absence of Tim's screaming method of point pounding indicate that the band is feeling the suck of the mainstream. None of these songs have the same pulse-pounding power desplayed in some of their earlier work, nor posess the bizzarlly moving cadence of the underrated Roadside. My personal impression is that this album was both written and delivered as a sort of holding pattern while the band figures out which direction to go in. I think that, regardless of the direction the next album takes, we can expect it to be more purposeful than this one was.",0,0,"Oct 12, 2008"
9,"This is an amazing album that grows on you more and more as you listen to it. I feel like this is a very natural progression for a band. People will complain because Tim doesn't scream the entire album. 'Maybe we've out grown what we once loved' I think that lyric describes this progression pretty accurately. They are not the angst ridden 20 years old's as they were ten years ago. With this one album critics are sticking them in with crappy mainstream bands. Well I'm sorry (no I'm not) but mainstream bands CAN'T touch Rise Against's passion, lyrics, or love for their fans. These guys are hittin the west coast top charts, and still will just straight hang out with people after a show. People may not want them to 'break out' but i hope they do. The mainstream needs to hear RA's lyrics and passion. Overall, a great album that can reach a wider audience (which is a good thing!) The passion is there, and the lyrics are amazing.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2008"
9,"Rise Against finally revisits their punk roots after the Sufferer and the Witness seemed to alienate some of their fan base. The only downside to this release is that they are pushing more of the mainstream media.",0,0,"Oct  8, 2008"
10,"Best damn band out there!!!Intelligent, persuasive, timely.",0,0,"Oct 23, 2008"
7,"At first I was crazy excited about this album since RA is my absolute favorite band, and I listened to all the songs through and through. Then I realized that I was less excited with the actual songs than with the fact that I had new material from my favorite band. Siren Song and S&W both have songs that are rhythmically, lyrically, and musically superior to any other rock band; and while Appeal certainly has its powerful points (Savior, Re-Education, Entertainment), at the end of the day, I'd much rather listen to their previous 3 albums. I think RA needs to turn back from the pop genre, not necissarily revisit the Unraveling, but find a good point to compromise. Powerful is good, and most of these songs are somewhat boring.",0,0,"Nov 26, 2008"
10,"I think this is truly one of the albums of the year, while its not as monumental as Siren Song of the Counter Culture or The Sufferer and The Witness, it still makes a major impact on the punk and rock music world.",0,0,"Dec 12, 2008"
8,"Damn Rise Against is good. I don't like it as much as TSATW but it's real good. Tim is perfect for this music, his voice has so much energy and emotion. I love the song Audience of One and Savior of course. Not a bad song on the album. A must listen",0,0,"Oct 20, 2010"
9,"Awesome CD. If you don't already have it you should get it. So many good songs on it like Savior, Re-Education, Hero of War, Collapse and Entertainment. Best use of $15 you'll get.",0,0,"Mar 21, 2011"
9,"Rise Against returns with a great album. This album still has great lyrics and messages but the sound is new. They might have lost some of their older fans with this one however it attracts new pop rock fans.",0,0,"Apr 26, 2011"
9,"Rise Against has a different sound than everyone else; music that's sometimes punk and sometimes mainstream rock, with songs that showcase uncharacteristically complex speed and sound changes, brilliant bridges, and meaningful lyrics that combine to form a feast for your ears.  I felt that the strongest part of Appeal to Reason was the middle, from The Dirt Whispered (yes, I loved this song, too damn catchy), Kotov Syndrome (ridiculously awesome second verse), through to Hero of War (great acoustic number), and Savior (which sounds even better in-album, coming right after Hero of War).  Those eight songs elevate the album to 'amazing' status, but the first few and last few blend together just enough to drop it from a 10 to a 9.",0,0,"Oct 16, 2011"
8,"I became a Rise Against fan not all too long before Appeal to Reason came out, being introduced to them by a friend who had The Sufferer and the Witness on his phone. I didn't even like it at first, not really giving it a chance and dismissing it. But a few days later I took some quality time with my headphones and suddenly fell in love with them. I am a person who gets catched by good instrumental play and to whom the lyrics are only secondary at first; then, as time passes by, the lyrics are what keep me addicted to the music. And Rise Against had this sometimes catchy but not too pop-ish riffs mixed with harder or punkier songs with great, spirit lifting and meaningful lyrics. From then on I consumed basically all of their work in 2 months. And even though tSatW was great, I started to appreciate Siren Song of Counter Culture and Revolutions per Minute more, being something strangely new and pleasant to my ears. I grew kind of a late-coming fanboy, and such high were the expectations I had when Appeal to Reason came out.
During the first few days the album seemed abysmal to me. What was this more pop-ish approach to their raw punk/hard sound? And where had all of Tims screaming gone? There was still some left for sure, but I was dearly missing a song like State of the Union. But as I listened to the songs more often and figured out the lyrics and the meaning behind it I came to like quite a bunch of the songs which made my spirit lift again. Lyrics wise they had maintained their high standards. But as a fan of their raw sound the album remains kind of off putting. Not in the sense that the instrumentals are bad or completely 'mainstream and radio friendly' now, but just not as hard with a short glimpse of desperation or rage showing. It is far off from being a bad album with the lyrics being fantastic and the instrumentals not bad and quite catchy, but to me it started, well, sort of a downfall which was to end in Endgame. For me they recovered a bit with The Black Market, I am just sad at seeing nice hardcore songs not being released on their newer albums and being shoved into the Long Forgotten Songs track list as a wasted potential. But Appeal to Reason is a fine album nonetheless.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2015"
8,"To be honest, when it comes to Rise Against, their albums usually sound very similar. However, that is usually my only complaint since I personally enjoy the style. This style stays the same in Appeal To Reason, although they also try to expand their style with Hero Of War. Although, I personally though Hero Of War was the low point on the album, it was still a good listen. If you can't get the whole album though, I suggest getting Savior, Entertainment, Collapse, Re-Education, and Kotov Syndrome",0,0,"Nov 13, 2015"
8,"Not the best live album I've ever heard, but you can just feel the ecstatic energy from the band and the crowd. It makes you wish you were there, seeing one of the best bands in the world in their prime.",0,0,"Sep 28, 2011"
0,"I'll be forthcoming: 'Hey There Delilah' was bad enough to taint their next record. The fact that it was nominated for a Grammy delegitimizes the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences. The stink on their name persists.",0,0,"Sep 25, 2008"
9,"Their best album to date. Beautiful melodies and harmonies. Catchy. Great Sound. 1,2,3 4, Sunlight, I Really Want You, and Meet Me In California will be sure to make you smile.",0,0,"Jul 27, 2009"
8,"WE got a classic in our hands espicially with the hit 1,2,3,4. Great album it's actually my favorite album from plain white t's. It's a shame that there not as big as they were in 2007-2008",0,0,"Mar  8, 2012"
8,"Es un buen album con un ritmo nuevo y revolucionario cuesta aceptarlo pero es un album bueno, con un tiempo lento muy soul pero no es muy divertido para escuchar es un album aburrido y monotono al mismo tiempo pero las letras y ritmos son buenos, le puedo decir que otro estupido album acerca de lo mismo",0,0,"Mar 29, 2012"
10,"This album is simply incredible. The Gaslight Anthem are a true rock and roll band. Each song is just filled with passion. Brian Fallon is going to save rock and roll, and this band has the potential to be huge. They are the best up and coming band today",0,0,"Dec 16, 2010"
10,"The 59' Sound is what truly showed me that The gaslight Anthem is an incredible band. Each track  is filled with beautiful lyrics and a wonderful tune. It starts out with 'Great Expectations' which is just one of the greatest rock songs I've ever heard. Brian Fallon's vocals are just amazing. All In All, The 59' Sound is a remarkable album and The Gaslight Anthem are in my top 3 favorite indie bands. A",0,0,"Dec 20, 2010"
10,"On of the best albums in my collection, and one without flaws. Each song is catchy but well built up, great lyrics and melodic guitarplay. I play it almost every day, without it ever getting boring...",0,0,"Oct 24, 2011"
10,"One of the most underrated albums of the decade, T5S is an absolute classic. A diverse and honest rock n' roll album at its finest and The Gaslight Anthem's finest work to date, and it isn't even really close.",0,0,"Sep 17, 2013"
4,"quite a let down after there other cd's. don't get your hopes up and you might not be totally dissapointed.",0,0,"Aug 10, 2008"
1,"Generic, corporate 'emo'. Just another cash-in on a dying genre by a talentless band.",0,0,"Aug  7, 2008"
7,"As an album written at a time that is clearly traumatic and troubling for the band (Casey's death) it shows obvious influences but isn't sorry for itself and holds up strong in the genre. As always Woodruff has a beautiful delivery, and although the hooks aren't so large as previous albums this is a totally genuine collection of songs that feels intimate and delicate. HH have often stated that they aren't in the habit of changing their sound and fans will always know what they're getting so if you hate the 'emo' tag then stay away but this is an excellent example of the genre and should make fans happy. Killer lyrics at times with some solid musicianship.",0,0,"Aug  8, 2008"
0,"Recycled, emo/scenester, nave, parent-hating, rebellious garbage. For a style of music that prides itself in being 'anti-pop' they sure do follow the formula. Four minute songs, false emotion, disgusting lyrics, and song arrangements that only the best producers can make. Take a hint Hawthorne Heights. If you want to be respected, write your own music and demand more control of how it sounds as a finished piece of music. Don't make products for teenage consumption -- it's a moot enterprise.",0,0,"Aug  8, 2008"
10,"Great comeback!!",0,0,"Aug  9, 2008"
10,"veery amazing album from this band,love it :)",0,0,"Aug 12, 2008"
7,"Once again Hawthorne Heights deals with raw and true emotions you feel when you lose someone close to you. This album was clearly written for Casey Calvert (EX guitarist and unclean vocalist). There aren't any unclean vocals as there were on the previous albums. They wanted to keep the band true and not replace Casey. Even with only clean vocals the message of sadness and everyday struggle comes through. Hawthorne Heights always lets you know that you are never alone. The album is in another genre than the previous two. They cannot be compared. In this album's own respect it is very well put together.",0,0,"Sep 19, 2010"
5,"Fragile Future lacks originality, and while the pop-punk twist on the band's genre is welcoming, Woodruff's vocals are cheesier than ever whilst the lyrical content is even cheesier. One of the standout tracks is one of the sweetest: 'Four Become One', a ballad dedicated to the band's former unclean vocalist, Casey Calvert, who died from an overdose just a year before Fragile Future's release. One of the downfalls is the album's lead single, 'Rescue Me', which merely sounds like a rewritten 'Saying Sorry', but it's rhyming scheme less impressive.",0,0,"May 31, 2011"
9,"This is less like Crimson, more like their older work, but with a whole new element involved as well. I really like it!",0,0,"Jul  5, 2008"
8,"Not too bad a cd. they have had some better albums in the past, but this one is in no way bad. it is, however, a bit more mainstream in its sound. my favorite track is probably the first one, 'calling all skeletons,' a great opening song to an album. i think this album is going to be getting a lot of listening from me regardless. I also recently discovered Heavens, the singer from alkaline trio's side project. also some good stuff, check it out.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2008"
10,"Great album. Pure Class. Im never gonna turn it off.",0,0,"Jul  2, 2008"
9,"Alkaline Trio always have great harmonies and clever lyrics, plus two good singers. A few songs on here feel a bit like filler ('Over And Out,' 'Live Young, Die Fast,' 'Lost and Rendered'), but for the most part they're all pleasant to listen to if not lots of fun. My biggest BEEF with this CD is how short it is.",0,0,"Jul  3, 2008"
5,"This album sounds like a mishmash of their previous styles with a bit of more modern stuff. It isn't bad, but it's fairly unoriginal and quite forgettable.",1,1,"Aug 12, 2008"
10,"Great!",0,1,"Oct  4, 2009"
10,"Best offspring album ever!",0,1,"May 18, 2009"
8,"Definitely has some very catchy tunes, You're Gonna Go Far Kid, Hammerhead, Kristi...to name a few of the highlights.",0,0,"Nov 10, 2008"
4,"Exactly what i expected from them. Their fans will love it, the rest (like me) just don't buy it",0,0,"Jun 19, 2008"
0,"Horrid, to sum it up. Hammerhead was the best song but it can't save most of the rest of the album from its shame. Fix you is honestly one of the worst songs I've ever heard in my life.",0,0,"Jun 19, 2008"
8,"Its a great record but could have been even better if some of the songs weren't actually there .. but i personally love it .. espeially the first half and stuff is messed u .. offspring rules.",0,0,"Jun 21, 2008"
4,"Where are those 'kill the president' and lower bass songs? It sounds like Simple plan.",0,0,"Jun 20, 2008"
10,"One of they're best albums for sure. Containing elements from both Smash and Conspiracy of one, making it i believe the best, if not one of the best albums they have made up to date.",0,0,"Aug  6, 2008"
6,"Better than Splinter, but not as good as their old stuff.",0,0,"Aug  4, 2009"
8,"Not their best, but certainly an interesting album. The first four songs are classic Offspring at their finest but then it starts to falter. I'm all for their experimenting and trying new things but when those new things are just ripping off today's popular pop-punk bands, well... yeah. Still well worth a listen, especially the beginning of the album if you're an Offspring fan.",0,0,"Jun 19, 2008"
10,"Honestly, a near-perfect CD. One of the best the Offspring have ever released. Kristy may be a slight mis-step but even that's listenable.",0,0,"Jun 20, 2008"
10,"Except for 'Fix You' this is a masterpiece.",0,0,"Jun 21, 2008"
10,"It's one of their best albums, but i think it would be better without some songs, but still is almost perfec.",0,0,"Jun 24, 2008"
7,"Several great songs and a couple not so strong. Worth listening to from top to bottom.",0,0,"Jul  1, 2008"
10,"Goddamn this album is really amazing. When I first heard Hammerhead I was a little dissappointed but like everything Offspring it grows on you very quickly and doesn't let go. For me the order of the songs don't show the full strength of the album but like all Offspring fans will, I saw past this straight away and was hooked immediately. In my opinion this is Dexter and Co. at their most significant since Americana, If anything, it ends quickly but thats only because you end up enjoying it so much, 43 minutes that end up feeling more like 23 minutes",0,0,"Jun 19, 2008"
8,"Good return and a good mix of styles, since the power punk of Smash to ballads similar to Gree Days 'wake me up when september ends'. Nice.",0,0,"Jun 21, 2008"
9,"Awesome album, I'm glad thatsome critics dislike since people in general hate good music. Punk is invented to be hated by normal people after all. Hell, nowadays if rap is so popular then if an album has a good rating it means it's crap basically.",0,0,"Jun 20, 2008"
2,"The Offspring were cool back in '94. That's about it though. And sadly, I'm old enough to actually remember when Smash was released, so I guess I have my experience when it comes to punk. Yeah, so, if you're 12 years old, you may like this album, but if you're an older married guy with a professional career, then I guess you'll get a good laugh at how bad it is with all your childhood friends.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2008"
4,"First off, I am a huge Offspring fan. While Hammerhead was just what I was looking for, the rest of the CD wasn't. Often it sounded too much like other bands including Greenday and Foo Fighters, but never really like the Offspring. This is a there worst CD to date next to their original demo 'Offspring'.",0,0,"Jun 24, 2008"
10,"This is probably one of my favorite albums of all time. I don't know what makes it so good; all i know is that it is amazing. 10 out of 10.",0,0,"Jun 28, 2008"
10,"After listening to this several times in a pretty decent music system as well with a pro headphones on...Man, such great album that!!! The production here rocks. Can't stop listening to it. Boy, Offspring came back. Rock n Roll it's still alive.",0,0,"Jul 30, 2008"
10,"This is one of the best and favourite album along with Americana. Kristi are you doing OK? it's amazing.. All songs are really good... Maybe The offspring changed the style and it's not what it used to be back then. But still i can recommend this album.",0,0,"Aug  9, 2008"
8,"I like this album. Pretty good. Especially Trust in You, Half Truism, You're gonna go far kid, Kristy are you doing okay? O.C Life.",0,0,"Sep 18, 2009"
10,"What an excellent album, I can't stop listening to it...and for those idiot critics who gave the album a crap review I just want to know if they actually listened to the same album i did. LA Times saying it 'sagged' in the middle haha, thats when the album was the best. The #9 track, 'Stuff is Messed Up' is up there being one of Offsprings best tracks ever. The entire album begins with a bang and doesn't let up. If you like punk rock then you should definitely go out and buy this album. Every song on the album is great.",0,0,"Jun 18, 2008"
9,"Awesome. Worth the wait Especially the first 4 songs.",0,0,"Jun 19, 2008"
9,"Fantastic album, love their old stuff and this is a great comeback. Its most of what I could ask for with some nice surprises. Not totally strong through the whole, but worth it anway.",0,0,"Jun 19, 2008"
10,"Their best album to date.",0,0,"Jun 21, 2008"
10,"I personally love the album. It is easy to follow and has a great beat. My personal favorites are Your Gonna Go Far Kid, Lets Hear it For Rock Bottom, Nothingtown, and actually all the rest i love to. The only one that I don't like that much is fix you. Kinda dry and boring. But i think it is a great album.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2008"
8,"Solid return from wimpy 2003 album Splinter. Album carries sounds from Ixnay to Americana, but doesn't focus on the novelty music, more similar to Green Day's American Idiot than anything else. The album is 3/4 good and the production from Bob Rock didn't bother me.",0,0,"Jun 23, 2008"
5,"This album starts with great songs, but then they tend to be too commercial.",0,0,"Jul 22, 2008"
5,"I used to be a big Offspring fan. I own all of their albums (yes,even the pre-Smash stuff) and I can't help but be disappointed with their latest effort. It sounds like a band desperately trying to stay relevant. They write music in a few different genres on Rise and Fall, but none of it sounds like anything new. Frankly, I think they need to get reinspired and remember why they started making music in the first place.",0,0,"Jul 28, 2008"
9,"Their best record since Ixnay On The Hombre. Thisis an album that really grows on you.",0,0,"Jan 27, 2009"
10,"Super album ! 'Trust in you', 'A lot like me', 'Half-Truism', 'Hammerhead' - The BEST.",0,0,"Feb 18, 2009"
8,"It tries to be a bit more serious than other Offspring albums, but it still sounds really good. In fact, I'd say this is probably their best album (aside from 'Greatest Hits', of course).",0,0,"Jul 29, 2011"
1,"Punk rock is lost to a generation of retards like these guys and I no longer find the same luster in it as in Green Day and Blink-182 but overall Offspring sucks and when they try to be funny they are just crude and make themselves look like a-holes and they always use curse words at the wrong time and their material and way of writing is just annoying and stupid, Offspring sucks.",0,0,"Jan 25, 2012"
5,"The usual topics of punk rock songs: drugs, bad politics, how messed up 'stuff' is, or breaking up with a girl. They don't reinvent the genre and partly, the riffs and the lyrics aren't even new. Anyway, it's their best album ever and I'd take out 4 songs that I can really enjoy. But the record is no big deal with its sometimes silly lyrics, bad voice of the lead singer and the montony which gets heavier and heavier by the end.",0,0,"Jan 13, 2013"
7,"I liked This Album is pretty decent it doesn't really go above and Beyond like the earlier offspring Albums but it still manages to work. Stuff is Messed Up is one of the more underrated tracks, it didn't get as much publicity as Your Gonna go Far Kid or Hammerhead. Yet still managing to be just as good as both",0,0,"Oct 27, 2012"
3,"While this album has a few fun moments it's outbalanced by dull ones. It just seems that Dexter Holland has an inability to write a pop song that doesn't get tedious or boring. And that's not to say that he can't write a decent song. Check out The Offspring's 1989 track 'Beheaded' as a true example of what Mr. Holland is capable of. Clearly, The Offspring are in the wrong genre of music. The only song on the album where I felt interested was on 'Hammerhead' and it's actually a great song. It's just a shame there weren't more like it.
We need more Hammerhead and less You're Gonna Go Far Kid...",0,0,"Jun 21, 2013"
10,"This was the first offspring album I listened to and it is also my favorite. It has my favorite Offspring song: You're Gonna Go Far Kid. This also has Half-Truism and Trust in You. It has the best music in all of the Offspring's music I also have an honorable mention that is in the album Days Go By: Slim Pickens Does The Right Thing and Rides The Bomb To Hell. But it is definitely without a doubt my favorite Offspring album",0,0,"Nov 27, 2014"
7,"To be honest, I can say that I was a fan of almost all the songs in this album. However, compared to their previous work it just doesn't quite add up. If you only can get a few songs though, I recommend You're Gonna Go Far Kid, Rise & Fall, and Stuff Is Messed Up.",0,0,"Dec 14, 2015"
8,"Titus Andronicus aren't your typical rock band, no. They're much more than that. Patrick Stickles screams of youth and angst and how life sucks but completely makes it sound like he's having a blast. All In All, Titus Andronicus are a great rock band amongst a swarm of awful rock bands nowadays.",0,0,"Aug 26, 2012"
0,"Singer looks/sounds like a chick. Boring emo pop that thankfully hasn't spread to the US. We already have enough junk like Hawthorne Heights and Boys Like Girls to deal with. Pretty funny how 95% of the 10's are from chicks, who only like the band for Bill (he looks like a chick???)",0,1,"Jul 20, 2008"
5,"the music's alright, but the vocalist just don't follow the music...it's as if he's trying too hard to sound 'rock enough'.and it's more fun to hear him sings in german,it's more sincere.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2008"
4,"Schrei is so much better than Scream. In German, you can sense the feeling that Bill is trying to put through the English version is diluted, especially Scream (the song) it's dull whereas in German he really screams it! I reccomend Schrei over Scream.",0,0,"Jul 10, 2008"
4,"I'm a big fan of tokio hotel and i have to admit that schrei is waaaay better then this ?lets try selling our music in usa? album.zimmer was weaker then schrei but at least i enjoyed listening it.and now...nothing spectacular and new in translating songs on english!",0,0,"Aug  6, 2008"
10,"Although not as smooth as their German language albums (for obvious reasons) this albums is still fantastic, showing a wide range of talent from all members. Besides, any flaws can be attributed to the fact that Bill Kaulitz is singing in his third language (French being his second), and that these kids were 18 when this album was made. And people who write hate reviews need to get a life. Theirs no point flaming a band just for kicks. Give some productive comments, or just stay away.",0,0,"Oct  2, 2008"
0,"This garbage is categorized as 'Punk'? And I thought I was mad when I saw My Chemical Romance labeled as 'punk'... This is proof that all it takes is some derivative, make up wearing kids (keyword: kids) who sell out to a scene to make in the music industry.",0,0,"May 30, 2008"
0,"This album makes me lose faith in humanity.",0,0,"Jun  2, 2008"
10,"Amazing! Bill's English pronunciation was better than expected!",0,0,"Jun 30, 2008"
10,"This reminds me of silverchair back in their teen days. Glorious combination of sexy guitars and hair raising vocals. Rock on boys!",0,0,"Jun  9, 2008"
0,"One of the worst Records ever!",0,0,"Aug 14, 2008"
0,"Johnny your words are so true: This album makes me lose faith in humanity.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2009"
10,"This makes me lose control and it is no stop singing from here on out. Plus gives you a taste of the German versions.",0,0,"Mar 12, 2009"
0,"Marylin your words are true too, its the worst 'album' thta I've ever listen, Unknown-Terror your words are so true: This can't be considered an album.",0,0,"Mar 17, 2009"
10,"I think most of the hate reviews are being a little too harsh, especially the AP review. Its their first English album, where for the first time they are singing in English. Give them a break, and the music is great with great band members.",0,0,"Jun 17, 2008"
7,"As a person who doesn't fit with either the 'best band evvar!' or 'He wears make-up and this music sux!' side of things, I can say I found this to be fairly generic but a pretty enjoyable effort. Despite having already become a success in Europe, they're still young and working on finding there place in music. I look forward to what they might have coming up in the near future!",0,0,"Jul 19, 2008"
10,"i think this album is complletely and utterly amazing! this band is awesome. and Bill's voice is like angels to me. and his english is great from the many videos i have watched about this band on other sites. i love the guitar in every song. and the drumming is easy to follow. personally i think you have to be insane to not like this band. and if you base you opinion on what Bill looks like, your just crazy. its about the music.",0,0,"Jul 27, 2008"
0,"Possibly the worst album I've ever heard.",0,0,"Aug  8, 2008"
7,"As an album, 'scream' is not enough to judge tokio hotel. therefore, before making such hater comments, listen to the German records. they are much more better than 'scream'. this album is not perfect, but not the worst album in the world..you guys know jonas brothers, right?",0,0,"Jul  4, 2009"
0,"This album made me want to snap the necks of babies.",0,0,"Nov 11, 2008"
0,"This can't be considered an album.",0,0,"Nov 14, 2008"
10,"i love this Cd i listen to it 24/7 it's amazing! Bill's voice Georg's amazing bass skills Tom's awesome guitar playing and Gustavs awesome drum skills put them all together = the best band ever!",0,0,"Jun 14, 2008"
10,"Tokio Hotel is a truely an amazing band. They sing about things other bands wouldn't even think about! They have music that really sets you in a mood, from fun to sensitive. Truely amazing.",0,0,"Jan 23, 2009"
0,"The worst album that I've ever listen.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2009"
2,"More music unintelligent and pure merchandising and marketing",0,0,"Dec 23, 2008"
8,"Honestly, don't consider Scream to be an album. Consider it an introduction for English-speakers to their original music. While the translations in Scream weren't that bad, Bill Kaulitz was obviously not feeling any sort of emotion while he sang. The editing is also ridiculously obvious - listen to a live performance, and you'll see how different it is. Although you may be mislead by Monsoon, Bill actually does sound like a guy when he sings. The original German songs were much better. Unfortunately, many of Tokio Hotel's better songs (Wir Sterben Niemals Aus, Unendlichkeit, In Die Nacht, ) never made it onto Scream. Scream is a collection of translations of all of Tokio Hotel's most popular songs. Guys, these songs are popular for a reason. They're the most mainstream of the bunch, and many of them were written by entirely or partially by songwriters who know what sells. I highly suggest the three aforementioned songs, especially the first two, being a taste of what the band does without mainstream writers and producers. Find the acoustic version of Wir Sterben Niemals Aus and look up a translation at the same time. They were discovered at such a young age, and they were used by the music industry as, essentially, a cash cow. I think a lot of people would be surprised to realize that they genuinely can write some really good music, and while a lot of their songs are musically simple, they're capable of so much more. They're my favorite band, but I can admit that many of these songs aren't 'amazing' or 'epic' or 'genius' as some fans may exclaim.
While I was disgruntled upon discovering that they can write amazing music on their own and yet they still perform songs like 'Scream,' I don't think any of their songs are 'painful' or 'terrible' as some people here may claim. Sure, it sounds a bit awkward when Kaulitz sings on this album with as much emotion as an inanimate object, but it isn't horrid. In fact, I genuinely, truly love 1000 Oceans in English. I suggest that people listen to some of their original German songs before judging Tokio Hotel. So, to recap, Scream isn't amazing, but it's listenable. Bill lacks emotion, but his voice is still pretty, so it's not utterly horrendous. The perfectly formulated production makes for pop-rock anthems that manage to be extremely catchy without being obnoxious. If Scream was only Scream, I would give the album a 6. I'm giving it an 8 purely because of the original German songs, which had better lyrics, did not edit Bill's voice, and had much more passion.",0,0,"Aug 25, 2010"
8,"A solid attempt at merging 'Schrei' and 'Zimmer 483' together in English, however the album loses points due to focusing on singles and hits instead of choosing some of the better-quality songs that aren't very much known to people who aren't fans of the band. Songs like 'Wir sterben niemals aus' and 'In Die Nacht' would have been better placed on this album. It fails to reach the level of power and quality that Tokio Hotel reached their peak with with 'Zimmer 483', however the translations are for the most part solid, and while the songs taken off of 'Zimmer 483' sound relatively the same vocally due to the tiny time gap between the two albums, the four songs taken off of 'Schrei' have for the most part improved, especially in terms of vocals: the best example of this is 'Monsoon'. The main thing that 'Scream' lacks is that two thirds of the songs came off of 'Zimmer 483', therefore not exposing as many people to their earliest music, and that some of the song choices could probably have been changed to make the album a tad bit less monotonous. A good 8/10 due to the quick transition from German to English and the general power and quality of the songs.
Top Songs:
'Break Away'
'Monsoon'
'By Your Side'
'Forgotten Children'
'Rescue Me'",0,0,"Dec  4, 2010"
10,"I'm a big fan of this band for 6 years now and I totally love 'scream'. Even though I prefer them in their native German it's still very good and it has some great songs.",0,0,"Mar  6, 2011"
10,"Great album from start to finish. Every once in a while a great rock band comes around and just has it all. The energy, the music, the presence and purpose. These guys rock.",0,0,"May 28, 2008"
9,"As a lifelong Rocket fan, I've always been left dissatisfied with Reis' other bands. It wasn't that they weren't any good, they just weren't anywhere near as good as RFTC. This record has changed all that. With the exception of Rocket's '95 releases (Scream, Dracula, Scream - Hot Charity - The State of Art is on Fire) this is the best album that bears Reis' name and easily the best album I've bought in many years. I pray that Speedo will keep this particular project going long enough to produce much, much more of this.",0,0,"Sep  2, 2008"
10,"Amazing CD from start to finish! For all intents and purposes, this is just Hot Snakes without as much vocal vitriol (but no less menace). Catchy, Catchy, Catchy. Speedo always brings it hard, Dawg!",0,0,"May 13, 2008"
9,"A near-masterpiece for Thrice. Though it fails to reach the beauty and balance of Vheissu, Dustin Kensrue and his bandmates have definitely made an impressive accomplishment in the final two discs to their Alchemy Index anthology. The Air disc is quite haunting with the tragic tale of 'Daedalus', or the more upbeat 'Sky Is Falling'. Earth, is more raw and has a homegrown log cabin sound to it. 'Moving Mountains' and 'Come All You Weary', for example, are truly unforgettable. A must-own for anyone with a diverse taste in music.",0,0,"May  2, 2008"
6,"Its not a bad album its just that it doesn't have the same energy or innovation that the last one did. Air doesn't convey the feeling of a free flowing gas nor do the lyrics fit with the motif (as with the previous), and earth is just an okay acoustic album. It wasn't a terrible album just a terrible let down.",0,0,"May  2, 2008"
9,"There is something subtle in here... There is, in fact, a feel to the entire collection. Thrice is having fun and we are lucky enough to enjoy the result.",0,0,"May  3, 2008"
10,"Absolute genius - best rock album of the year to date.",0,0,"May  2, 2008"
5,"After one listen through each disc, I couldn't take much more. The first disc was painfully boring. The second was much better, but still nothing that I would consider great. Maybe this kind of thing isn't my cup of tea. Maybe I'm being way too harsh. Maybe I just need to give the album a few more spins. All I know is that I can't possibly conceive how this is a crowning achievement or a masterpiece. Just because there's an interesting idea behind something doesn't mean it automatically pans out, and I feel that a lot of people are just handing it to Thrice.",0,0,"May 20, 2008"
10,"This is a perfect conclusion to an incredibly ambitious concept album. Thrice always manages to pour their hearts into every song in a way that is simply lost in this age of dumbed-down corporate 'rock' or 'punk' albums. Thrice has traded in the hard hitting bass notes of Artist in the Ambulance and Vheissu for a softer, yet no less complex, cohesive collection laced with subtleties and supported by a mature understanding of songwriting, music theory and literature. I have to highlight two aspects for their outstanding quality. First, the drums really do a great job of fitting their space perfectly. Riley manages to accent the vocals and guitar, keep an intricate and complex beat and push the songs forward, all the while not stealing the spotlight from Dustin's incredible vocals (you can see this really well in Broken Lungs). This leads me to the other outstanding instrument, the vocals. Dustin has a unique and powerful voice that can intimate the most complex and varied emotions while maintaining his signature raw and strained sound that helped make Thrice famous in the first place. The lyrics are beautiful, musical poetry that have countless layers of significance. The subjects are relatable and uplifting while challenging the listener and his most personal beliefs (consider, for example, Moving Mountains which takes I Corinthians 13, one of the most unique and revolutionary passages in the New Testament and forms it into a heart-wrenching reflection on the state of the soul). If this seems over the top in length or enthusiasm it is only because of how thankful I am to Thrice as a band for giving me yet another reason to believe that music can change lives. This review may not be worth much but it is my way of thanking a band that has affected me in so many great ways.",0,0,"May  2, 2008"
9,"I was a bit unsure they could pull off an album that could convey the elemental Air & Earth, but I believe they nailed it (for the most part). Hey, even if you disagree, it's hard to deny the incredible depth of this album especially when considering the first two elements of Water & Fire as well. It's an astoundingly cohesive album musically and lyrically and will be one of my favorites for years to come.",0,0,"Aug  8, 2008"
9,"Thrice's divergence into this more progressive direction has worked from day one. Credit not only their amazing musicianship but also their refusal to compromise. Air & Earth don't necessarily better the first two volumes but are equally successful in that they masterfully capture the essence of the featured elements. Earth is a rootsy discourse in blues and some pretty unique string arrangements. Between the two volumes, Dustin truly shines on songs like 'moving mountains' and the beautiful 'come all you weary'. This is bare-bones Thrice. Air, by comparison, is truly ethereal in its delivery. The weightlessness of some of the songs is truly a marvel. 'Daedalus' for instance (in my opinion) could be the most triumphant song they've yet written - the whole band not only soars, they go straight for your heart strings. Beautiful album, through and through and yet another benchmark in Thrice's trek toward the kingdom of modern music's most talented.",0,0,"Nov 23, 2008"
6,"Maybe a little too ambitious and all over the place. I respect what they're trying to do, but as a first time listener it's really hard to get into. I look forward to what they release next.",0,0,"Sep 28, 2011"
10,"One of the best albums ever made; The air index feels just like it should, easy to the ears, light, smooth. But the album glows in the earth index; It feels downright gritty and dirty but  manages to sound plain beautiful, just like a diamond in the rough. This album captures the sound of the elements and my heart as a music lover.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2011"
9,"This is the first I have heard of Anti-Flag, so I have no previous work to compare to but I liked this a lot. Not necessarily punk in the purest sense, but each song delivers something worthwhile.",0,0,"Apr  8, 2008"
3,"This sucks compared to the previous albums.",0,0,"Jul  5, 2008"
10,"This is Anti-Flag. They're fighters of the old-school punk.",0,0,"Apr 10, 2008"
4,"If you compare this to their later albums it is less political and less anarchy influenced. Though most of their stuff is usually pretty boring this hit the lowest point. Thanks for trying, Anti-Flag. Go back to Underground Network or Die For Your Government.",0,0,"May  3, 2008"
5,"I was disappointed by this album overall. The sound of the lyrics was way different than previous albums, which I attribute to the affiliation with a major label. The lyrics sound as if they were all written to be sort of anthem-esque, which is fine for a few songs, but when a whole album is written this way, it comes off overly epic. Bothered me a ton and i won't even listen to this song anymore. Its meaningful message and this bands history is this album's only saviors. I love AF... which is why I have such strong feelings about this album. And as far as punk music goes... didn't do it justice.",0,0,"Jul  5, 2011"
9,"How many albums coming out now were done in first takes? That alone gives them a high score from me. They are much more accomplished musicians now and it shows. I love the part mid album about the missing solo! True artists!",0,0,"Mar  6, 2008"
9,"This is a brilliant farewell by a great band. It sounds just like where they left off 25 years ago, but with the maturity gained by continuing to make music the whole time. They did not try to modernize the band, or fit the sounds of today. This is pure Bauhaus circa 1980, and true fans couldn't ask for much more.",0,0,"Mar 14, 2008"
10,"Brilliant! As vital as anything they have ever done. Alas, even though they are no more, welcome back!",0,0,"Mar  4, 2008"
10,"Great...what was the incident that canceled the touring?",0,0,"Mar  5, 2008"
7,"Bauhaus has ranked in my top 5 of all time since I first heard them in 1987. I was naturally excited when I found out they were making a new album. This album has most of the hallmarks of Bauhaus but it is missing something, actually it has too much of something. Bauhuas, like their namesake, focused on function over form, stripping away the frivolity to produce a stark black and white soundscape. There are echoes of that for sure on this album, Saved, Mirror Remains and Black Stone Heart exhibit some of their former imagination with disjointed melodies and Daniel Ash's signature guitar, and sax work. As a whole it's a decent album, but take any song off of this album and play it next to Dark Entries, Silent Hedges or Slice of Life and you'll quickly the new songs missing that old Bauhaus magic.",0,0,"Jan 25, 2010"
8,"It's good Bauhaus. It's a bunch of old guys, so what can you expect? (I'm an old guy, too) -- it isn't groundbreaking -- that's for sure. It stands up very well with the rest of their (limited) work. I was very pleasantly surprised and the record has gone into my regular rotation. Nice work!",0,0,"Dec 10, 2008"
9,"It's absolutely everything I would have wanted in another bauhaus album - and MORE!! Cheers! PLEASE do another...and another -- UNDEAD!",0,0,"Mar 13, 2008"
9,"For some reason, this CD actually sounds fresh in today's climate. Great music for then and now. This one is going in the jeep this Summer.",0,0,"Apr 12, 2008"
9,"I'm still trying to understand how old I am and where I am. Ah, my child's voice, and this, this is a pc. It' s seems all right, this music may come from some corner in my head or from a incubus. Fan-ta-s-tic.",0,0,"Feb 25, 2009"
6,"So-so. A few great songs but mostly more of the same but not as good.",0,0,"Mar 14, 2008"
8,"Really good and the guy who said they're cliche because the play Irish tunes...... the singer is from Ireland, idiot.",0,0,"May  3, 2008"
9,"I have listened to this cd probably 20 times in the last week. I was never a fan of these guys (i thought there sound has always been unpolished and some what cliche - LA band playing irish tunes - chemon) Needless to say, these guys have done something special here and I don't need to get into a lot of details to say that I am addicted to their sound on this cd.",0,0,"Mar 20, 2008"
9,"I love this album, the music, lyrics and general feeling of these songs keeps them at the top of my list",0,0,"May  8, 2008"
9,"Flogging Molly has been poplar with younger people who don't really know that these guys n girls are in their late 30s and early 40s. This album shows their age and maturity. It is probably the best yet. Still energetic but not nearly as much as the older stuff. I loved it.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2008"
8,"not their best, so far that's Within a Mile from home, but still some great songs: Requiem for a dying song, (No more) paddy's lament, lighning storm & betwen a man and a woman. The rest is still good but it seems a 'softer' album, more turbo folk than folk-punk (that's not bad, but lees flogging molly than pogues) see this band live and even songs that may not work so well on the album will suddenly make sense. Floging molly are an awesome live beast.",0,0,"Aug 31, 2008"
6,"Haven't heard it enough times to love it, but it doesn't seem to have the 'it' factor of previous cd's. Absolutely my favorite band tho.",0,0,"Apr 20, 2008"
9,"its a gr8 album. They rock as usual. I don't understand what makes them give it a score of 51. it deserves above 89.",1,1,"May  3, 2008"
10,"I read in the last album reviews, people saying Simple Plan is a band for girls. It's not true I been a fan of them for awhile, they have great music. People who going to be a bully and say mean things should just leave this area and get a life cause Simple Plan and their fans(like me) don't care how much you like them.",1,1,"Mar 13, 2008"
3,"An album for the sake of an album. A new attempt at some strange shell of a once great genre called punk. The album is completely uninteresting, and downright mind-numbing at times.",1,2,"Apr  9, 2008"
4,"I got to listen to the album personally. I expected to be blown away from how much it'd suck and be the repetitive drenching pop the latter ones were. Instead, I actually saw some form of change in the band. A few songs were good, the others took the whole basis of the singer's self-worth over anyone else. 'Why is everybody complaining?' cries Pierre in just about every single song, like he's not part of the problems surrounding him. And please don't tell me the album's good because 'they made it to be this way', because I'll just tell you you've become a fanboy or fangirl of a generic pop culture. Good SOUND doesn't make good music. Simple Plan's still a teen girl band for girls who need attention their parents clearly don't.",1,2,"May 13, 2008"
0,"It's Simple Plan....what else do you need to say to justify the 0?",0,1,"Feb 13, 2008"
1,"Always been too cliche...and oh wow, they're so punk (not).",0,1,"Feb 16, 2008"
10,"As a 13 year old girl, I can really relate to the lyrics. Simple Plan understands me! They know what I'm going through. No it's not a little strange these 20-something men are writing about stuff that a 13 year old girl wants to hear. Simple Plan is hardcore guys!",0,1,"Mar 20, 2008"
0,"Simple Plan? Come on people, you're better then this.",0,1,"May 13, 2008"
10,"I agree with Tague...... screw what the critics say...Simple Plan really does get your attention.",0,0,"Feb 15, 2008"
4,"I have been a devoted fan of sp since i came accross their first album. It saddens me to say their music has deteroited to nothing but artificially manufactured noise in this album. In my opiniom its their weakest effort to date.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2008"
6,"It is Simple Plan going pop, which provides some catchy moments. But musically, talent-wise? It is still Simple Plan. And that means endless cliches and overused phrases for lyrics...but isn't that what this entire genre has become? Personally, I enjoyed the album but I also am aware that it is only because I have listened to Simple Plan from the start, and have developed a taste for them. Plus, it is a far cry from their previous album 'Still Not Getting Any'. I wouldn't necessarily expect others to see the good in them, especially if this is the first Simple Plan CD they've heard.",0,0,"Feb 15, 2008"
10,"I really love this album and could relate to the songs.",0,0,"Feb 15, 2008"
8,"The song is very punk enough and its really Rock up my heart.",0,0,"Feb 15, 2008"
10,"The album is sick. period. screw all bad critics.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2008"
9,"A solid overall album! Every song sounded like a hit, and kept me wanting more Simple Plan.",0,0,"Apr  6, 2008"
9,"This is a brilliant album. I think that it is their best album yet.",0,0,"Aug 15, 2008"
9,"Screw what the critics say. This album is amazing. In terms of sound, this is their best. Almost every song gets me hooked. By far the best album I've heard so far this year.",0,0,"Feb 13, 2008"
7,"anyone who rates lower than this i just trying to be cool. the album was actually good..",0,0,"Feb 15, 2008"
10,"Julia: Please note that the critics and haters are the ONLY ones calling Simple Plan 'punks'. The band and (most) fans are very aware of who they really are. They aren't punk and they don't try to be, so there really is no point in calling attention to the obvious and using it to insult them. As for the album...it is different, more commercial. I think it's a bit more mature, musically and lyrically BUT it is still the same depressive, clicheed lyrics over an upbeat, poppy sound. That's Simple Plan, and I wouldn't change it for the world :)",0,0,"Feb 21, 2008"
9,"This album is a great melodic album for someone who is looking for nice and catchy guitar parts together with great vocals. Now, before all the bashing begins, this album is for TEENS! Means an adult might not like this, that's alright. But for what it is, which is a melodic rock album for teens I give it a 9.",0,0,"Feb  6, 2013"
10,"This album is tied for the best album i have ever heard in my entire life. I love this record, and Simple Plan is my favorite band in the entire world of music. My favorite songs are 'Your Love is a Lie', 'Save You', 'Generation', and 'Time To Say Goodbye. This album is their best album ever.",0,0,"Nov 11, 2012"
7,"Better than 'Get Your Heart On' By miles, had much more rememberable tracks and only a few forgettable. Definitely would recommend this to any Pop-Rock fan! Definitely not their best though!!
*Ps. I love people who act like Simple Plan are a forgettable band will then go listen to today's  pop and rap music or metal for that metal.. no rock band today even compares to the legends from the 60s and 70s, but simple plan at least sticks with their own style and doesnt go too poppy.. well minus Get your Heart On*",0,0,"Sep  4, 2013"
10,"A true mystery for me why this band doesn't get more recognition, amazing band, amazing record!",0,0,"Mar  4, 2008"
9,"This album is fantastic, a real maturation from the ferocity of previous recordings.",0,0,"Feb 21, 2008"
9,"this band needed to be recorded by an associate that captures their sonic sound assault and give them depth. congrats S.Carter and D!D!D!",0,0,"Feb 28, 2008"
3,"I wouldn't agree with the piece of shit comment but it is a pretty bad attempt at jumping on the Jet bandwagon. I loved Air Traffic Control which is what made me buy it. However, after several tries, I have failed to understand how an American band can sound so British. Most of it sucks. I would recommend downloading ATC from Itunes or something and saving your money.",0,0,"Apr  2, 2008"
10,"Kyle Funks gay, white power.",0,0,"Feb 13, 2008"
3,"I agree that this album was a huge let-down compared to the freshness and energy they displayed on their debut album.",0,0,"Feb 24, 2008"
9,"I loved their first album, and I think 'Slick Dogs and Ponies' is a fantastic album. I don't understand all the hate some of these people are spewing, but it's completely uncalled for. It's just good fun...people need to lighten up.",0,0,"Mar  7, 2008"
0,"This is one of the worst albums I've ever heard. The only people who would defend it, don't want to admit they wasted their money on this awful album.",0,0,"Mar  7, 2008"
10,"The album is great.",0,0,"Feb 13, 2008"
2,"Absolutely awful. After the remarkably brilliant tone of their first album, this feels forced, disingenuous and completely flat. One or 2 songs almost catch your ear but this band has either sold out, or traded their bravado for estrogen pills *yack*. Stop trying to change with the times and do what you are good at...",0,0,"Feb 14, 2008"
8,"What the hell is up with the rating? Seriously, this one doesn't deserve it.",0,0,"Feb 22, 2008"
10,"Best album of the 2000's",0,0,"Feb 23, 2008"
10,"I cannot understand why more people aren't blown away by this record. It has revealed an evolution in the band, a prgression from sexy flirtatiousness to a lovely dirty, sexy cynicism that retains the flavour of the previous record, while taking a huge (but successful) gamble in a different direction. The strings arrangements are brilliant as well, and further demonstrate the chops these fine young gentlemen possess, and as is brashly evident in their live performances.",0,0,"Mar 22, 2008"
10,"This is a great album.",0,0,"Mar 29, 2008"
1,"Utter Shite. A one trick pony should stick to what they know best, and that's not saying a lot. Biggest dissapointment of 2008 so far.",0,0,"Mar  5, 2008"
8,"I love this band. It's rock n roll. All sleaze and decadence. What do the critics not understand about that?",0,0,"Mar  6, 2008"
0,"This is hands down the worst music piece ever! it was so bad it gave me cancer and made my ears bleed!",0,0,"Feb 14, 2008"
0,"The CD made me feel like a piece of shit wrapped in tin foil! I would rather be molested as a child by Micheal Jackson then ever listen to this CD again.",0,0,"Feb 14, 2008"
9,"while not as good as their first, this album still becomes great after a few listens. sometimes you just want to, what an awesome track.",0,0,"Feb 14, 2008"
10,"This is much better than their first album - I can't understand all the poor reviews. It's consistently tuneful and exciting. I guess that's it's downfall for all those who prefer their 'indie rock' to be a tuneless, pretentious, overlong mess....",0,0,"Feb 19, 2008"
0,"It still makes me laugh!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Feb 23, 2008"
6,"Not as good as their debut, but I still enjoyed it. They certainly sound like they're going for a more radio-friendly sound; it's unfortunate, but a few great songs make up for the stinkers.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2008"
8,"I normally listen to hip-hop but I went to Chicago to see my cousin perform in his band (What Made Milwaukee Famous)...these guys sounded great live and I think it deserves at least a 6 or 7",0,0,"Mar 27, 2008"
0,"Louis XIV has redefined the 'hate it or love it' atmosphere with their 3rd studio album. There are parts that I loe and there are parts I absolutely hate. If I loved some parts you are probably wondering about my score, but let me tell you when it gets bad it gets BAD. I am a sucker for rock ballads and I think Louis XIV has done a pretty good job changing their sound. Now when listening to this effort you would think that misguided sheep have better direction than these guys. Their stoner rock sounds feels overblown and the music almost sounds like they are covering themselves. The underground indie roots of most of their music is just watered down like Kool-Aid without sugar. Sometimes you just want to stab your eardrums while listening to this other times you want to write apology letters to whoever actually spent money buying this. The music ranges from ear bleedingly awful to slightly above average and it is hardly ever the latter. The is not what you expect  expect from San Diego rockers as it reminds me more of Sick Dogs than anything else.",0,0,"Jun  2, 2015"
10,"Awesome. Just awesome",5,5,"Apr  1, 2008"
10,"Anyone who calls this album 'emo' or clearly has no clue what they are talking about. 'Emo' has turned into some sort of blanket insult that covers any type of metal that doesn't meet the precise genre definitions as decreed by some closed-minded metal know-it-all.",1,1,"Mar 23, 2008"
5,"This website needs to raise its limit for the amount of reviews required to make an album considered the highest rated for 2008. Even looking at past years, its a joke that some of these albums have such high ratings when there are reviews that would lower the overall score that metacritic is too lazy to go back and correct.",1,3,"Mar 17, 2008"
3,"90? Oh man...I hope more critics review this album, because this album doesn't deserve this high rating at all. The band is really good with instruments, but this album is just a mess. It sounds like all the other metalcore bands out there.",1,4,"Mar 31, 2008"
2,"Hey, it's average score is actually 85. Oh, and this album sucks. . . really bad.",0,2,"Apr  1, 2008"
1,"Nonsense album,nonsense band,nonsense kind of music.. It's not metal, it's not hardcore, it's not punk.. Totally disgusting!",0,1,"Feb 18, 2008"
1,"Bad crap...what a hell is with this rating.",0,1,"Apr 13, 2008"
2,"It's pretty bad, I'm getting tired of this stuff, young guys ripping off old classics.",0,1,"Apr  3, 2008"
3,"Is this the unused sessions from 'Kezia'? How is it that it takes 3 years to record the same thing again? 'Palms Read' contains a heavily engineered and overly produced 5-second slap-bass slop fest, and there is more half-hearted and Pro-Tools-infected screaming, but Protest needs to stop acting like they are metal Gods. Maybe if they played metal, and maybe if they could release a different album in less than three years, but until they give song titles more effort than 'Bloodmeat,' they are nothing special in my book, that is, unless you think fast = amazing. In that case, go kill yourself listening to this album in the car.",0,2,"May 10, 2008"
1,"Septic stuff.",0,1,"Apr  1, 2008"
0,"the voice is horrible, and it's emo...",0,1,"Feb 29, 2008"
3,"It is simply, pure crap... This 90 average makes me sick... It is the worse rating of an album on Metacritic I can remember, and I read this website since its start",0,1,"Mar 17, 2008"
4,"Too much noise, anything 'visionary' about this album is drowned out. It's almost impossible to listen to; I really don't get all the excitement. Also, Franklin T needs to get a life and move out of his mom's house.",0,1,"Mar 24, 2008"
8,"Although the 90% average is slightly high, this is definately an album well worth listening to for fans of metal, protest, or for people who just want to try something new.",0,0,"Apr  2, 2008"
10,"I'm always confused by those who lash out at this band. I read below that there is not much original in Protest the Hero's music, and I suppose that this is fair. But I assure you, the same is equally true for just about anything in anybody's record collection. Music builds upon that which came before it, so it's a strain to claim that much originality in almost any given record. I'm pretty excited by what I'm hearing in these songs, and I've been dedicated to aggressive music for the better part of 25 years. Even if I didn't really like it, I think that these kids deserve to have me spend my money - their aim is so clearly not trendy Their love for their craft is obvious.",0,0,"Apr  1, 2008"
8,"I love what these guys are doing here. It sounds brilliantly like, you know, 1980's speed-metal, only it's loads more original. The vocals are outstanding, almost to a humorous point sometimes. I'm sure I would have enjoyed 'Fortress' more, however, if the drummer could hold back a bit. That doesn't mean I'll discredit it the rating it truly deserves, but it would be easier for me to enjoy if that double bass drum wasn't so incessant. 'Blood Meat,' the album's first single, is genius and will be on my list of best songs of the year for sure.",0,0,"Apr  1, 2008"
8,"The emo vocals and their approach remind me of Faith No More but they have way much more technical musicianship that sets them on a higher level. The only issue I have with this band is that they have not figured out what they want to say with their music yet. I'll attribute it to them being still relatively young so they can waste their time , for a little while, with mindless wandering as long as the music is good (which it kicks @ss in this case!!!). Once they get their heads out of their collectives @sses and take a stand on something other than D&D, medievel battles and video gamelike blood & gore...WATCH OUT!!! Then they will truly be a force to reckon with. Great listen!",0,0,"Apr  1, 2008"
10,"Protest is simply one the most awesome bands ever. 10/10 !!! Those who cannot like this must be making conclusions on a single listen. Complex music deserves a few more spins obviously.",0,0,"Apr  3, 2008"
9,"Great album, if you like metal at all give it a listen. Opinions are like culos, everyone's got one so judge this for yourself. This cd is one that I never leave the house without.",0,0,"May  1, 2008"
10,"I love how people criticize an album for its 'emo' vocals etc. In order to properly judge an album and give it an unbiased rating people can't go into the review expecting something or alreay labelling the artists. Meerely listen, observe, and state your opinions and above all, know what you're talking about before you give something a mediocre rating.",0,0,"May  8, 2008"
9,"Given that I had an extremely high tilt from their debut 'situationist-requiem' Kezia, I had high expectations for their sophomore. I was far from disappointed. I hold this album to the same plateau as their earlier album. With outstanding riffs mixed with melodies, this 'everything-but-the-kitchen-sink' metal album cannot disappoint. If it does, you'd be best to find another genre all together. Good work boys.",0,0,"Feb 16, 2008"
10,"This album kicks major ass!! Great job eh...these Canadiens really rock. Excellent musicianship mixed with some really great melodies. I haven't been this pumped about a band since I first heard Killswitch Engage. Great job guys!!",0,0,"Feb 18, 2008"
10,"This is already in the running for best album of the year from me... and it was only released in January!",0,0,"Feb 22, 2008"
9,"This album does everything that most relevant metal bands are doing today, but combines all these elements into one package that is not only extremely tech., but also very fun to listen to.",0,0,"Mar 23, 2008"
10,"Definately different than Kezia, but still totally awesome. I don't understand why people who dont like a certain kind of music, rate a good band poorly. Jerks.",0,0,"Mar 31, 2008"
9,"WOW, Rael and Liam must have their ears painted on. The riffage is insane, the vocals are interesting and varied (more than jsut the screaming/melodious style of metalcore), the concept is cool too. I can understand the constant riffing might drive you nuts, and I understand you might have to like mathcore to get into it, but there is no denying these guys are doing something which is leaps and bounds ahead of most prog bands. Played it to my mate who doesn't like heavy music and he was even suitably impressed... I believe his words were.. 'Jesus Christ!'",0,0,"Apr  1, 2008"
6,"Okay, to start this off, I will admit that yes, they play well, and while this cd is entertaining to a point, that point does not deserve to bring this to a 90, I think we all know this deep down. This is Metacritic's flaw, a fluke, something that has allowed unworthy cd's, games, and movies undeservedly into the 'Top of' lists time and time again. So sure, I guess we can throw all the 'mediocre-hardcore-power-metal' loving readers who are wetting their pants over this score a bone, but before you defend this band's 'excellent' musicmanship, scroll to the top of the screen and look at that splendid FIVE below the score that represents the number of reviews it was based upon. Then go to a CD like Radiohead's In Rainbows, a far superior album, with a score of 88, based upon a much more reliable 42 reviewers, with a user score of 9.1, compared to the 7.1 this album currently has, and rethink your musical tastes. And don't try and pull out the 'It's-mainstream-music-that-all-dumb-people-listen-to' card, because first of all, it's not, and it'll only make you look more ignorant. So go off, think you're so 'different' and unconformist by listening to this slightly above average metal band, you're only conforming to the rest of the pathetic people just like you. There are more superior albums in the metal genre, Mezmerize, by System of a Down, (an album with an actual point and actual music) to name one of them. Just know that if I have to see this kind of rubbish at the #1 spot for 2008, there will be hell to pay. Besides, they sound like a mix between Avenged Sevenfold and Iron Maiden...(Not a winning combination.)",0,0,"Apr 15, 2008"
8,"This album has so far been one of my favorites of 2008, which is saying a lot as this year has seen new albums from some of the best bands around, namely the mars volta and radiohead. They have shown a great deal of maturity over the course of their musical careers and Fortress is no exception. The musicianship is far greater than most bands in not only their genre, but overall. I just hope they continue down this path and don't stray too far into the realm of hardcore growlings which have become more prevalent since the days of Kezia.",0,0,"Apr 20, 2008"
10,"This band is simply AMAZING.",0,0,"Apr  2, 2008"
9,"The emo vocals take a while to get used to , but once I got past that I realized how awesome it is. If you are into technical metal you will love the guitar work on this, and I love how they switch genres so effortlessly without making it sound forced or gimmicky.",0,0,"Apr 22, 2008"
9,"Protest have achieved a monolith of a metal album. Creative melodies and catchy hooks, adeptly weave into an insanely technical web of high-energy musicianship. They soar high above the sea of mediocrity that is currently the contemporary metal scene.",0,0,"Apr  9, 2008"
8,"Amazing band. Amazing album. Not as good as Kezia in my personal opinion, but still a spectacular record.",0,0,"Jun  1, 2008"
10,"This album is spectacular. As a singer versed in a variety of different genres and styles, I give this album a ten because rody has an amazing range, luke and tim shred relentlessly, and arif and moe keep the beat popping like nobody's business. Before you rate this album low or dismiss it entirely, I would like to ask that you try and hit all the notes he does esp the growls and screams. Not so easy is it? What makes him even more remarkable is that he has developed enough vocal endurance to sing this style of music for a long time (during shows he rarely falters). Arif writes all the lyrics and can keep up with luke's shred with his own tapping and sweeps which garners a lot of respect from me. Protest would not be the metal onslaught it is today without arif and rody, two of the youngest powerhouse rockers of the new millenium.",0,0,"Aug 16, 2008"
1,"I listened to this album after a friend said I may like it. My initial opinion was that the guitars sounded terrible, too much treble and over - produced. This led me to believe that this style of music has been milked many times before, so I deleted the file, in my opinion there are far better bands than this within the same genre - dillnger escape plan to name one.",0,0,"Feb 15, 2008"
10,"I had to give it a 10 to balance out the mess that diediedie hard did but overall this is a great album sometimes i have my doubts of some transitions as some one before said, and the voice its not precisely my cup of tea, but in a whole the album is awesome.",0,0,"Feb 16, 2008"
10,"Being a big fan of Kezia, I had high expectations for this album. They were met and exceeded.",0,0,"Feb 19, 2008"
9,"I had never heard of this band but I picked up the album based on the reviews. I really like it. I find a lot of metal heads tend to be extremely closed-minded, listening only to their one or two little niche sub-sub-genres and proclaiming every other kind of metal to be 'crap'. I suspect as this album stradles quite a few different sub-genres that it will get panned by a lot of these people.",0,0,"Feb 22, 2008"
10,"I liked most of Protest's first album, Kezia, and was quite hopeful that Fortress would be pretty good too. However, I was actually blown away by how much the band had changed, for the better, and it was almost like listening to a different band altogether. Already a player for my favorite CD of the year.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2008"
7,"These guys are great instrumentalists, but the dio type singing destroys this album for me, I just can't get into it.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2008"
2,"Not Impressive.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2008"
3,"these guys fall somewhere towards the bottom of the trendy emo/metalcore pile. i can't hear anything original in what they're doing.",0,0,"Mar 17, 2008"
10,"When a band comes out with an album like this at their age, you don't sit on your mediocre asses and guffaw at 'emo vocals'. This album is visionary, you sons of bitches. Bow your heads in shame. The Metal Divines are sending us an invention--invention relies on the furious creativity of return (to old Metal) and abandon (the New Sound)--of Sound. If you can't see or accept that then you're either deaf to the music of the spheres or, as is typical of you mortal dirt-bags, jealous.",0,0,"Mar 18, 2008"
10,"If you give lower then a perfect score then you should never listen to music again. This is not only the best album of the year, but is the greatest album of all time.",0,0,"Mar 18, 2008"
10,"Epic enough said.",0,0,"Mar 19, 2008"
10,"Anyone who cannot appreciate this album is quite unfortunate. This is by far one of the most talented bands on the planet whether you like this style of music or not.",0,0,"Mar 24, 2008"
10,"Even better than Kezia",0,0,"Mar 25, 2008"
2,"Utterly intolerable, over-the-top opera metal that should be banished to the 80s where it belongs. An ability to play one's guitar or drums very quickly does not an artistic album make, and this kind of hollow theatrical nonsense is about as far as one can get.",0,0,"Mar  3, 2008"
10,"Best metal album this year.",0,0,"Mar  4, 2008"
10,"This album defines a lot of boundires of music. People say there vocals are whiney whatever but in reality are some of the best vocals in contemporary metal. The guitars have taken much influence and create a unique sound not only in mathcore but also metal. This bands album has show how well they have progressed if you listen to there early stuff it shines on political messages anti flag would be proud of. Now they created music which show be appreciated by everyone!",0,0,"Apr 13, 2008"
1,"Thank God for the cokemachineglow review to even out the score from the metal dicksucking reviews from everyone else. Admittedly, metal has never been my cup of tea, but the good reviews prompted me to check it out, and this album simply reaffirmed my distaste for the genre. Only listen to if you like to play Warcraft on Friday nights and cut yourself.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2008"
9,"This is a great album. Very original riffs, vocal melodies, and some great drumming. For all of those saying this release is 'average' and 'mediocre', I want to know exactly what you are listening to. You must have the most godly collection of music on the planet, or you yourself must be a virtuoso who's taking time away from your violin to critique a metal-core album. Whatever it may be, this is the best metal-core release ever, and one of the better metal releases in the last few years.",0,0,"May  2, 2008"
1,"For god's sake, look at the reviewers who rated this album. No credibility Terrible record.",0,0,"May  4, 2008"
10,"This band is ingenious. Unique, heavy, progressive, melodic and lyrical. They aren't the most digestible band ever, but they are highly digestible for a metal band. Hence the criticism. Frankly, I don't care for an opinion from someone who thinks either Simple Plan or Cannibal Corpse deserve a better rating. The fact is, these guys do what they do well and no one can touch it. Keep pissing people off boys.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2008"
10,"Truly epic music. The musicians are excellent, and the singer is great too. He has a good vocal range and voice as well as a scream and growl. It's not the kind of music everyone will appreciate, but it's awesome. I suggest listening to samples to see if you like it.",0,0,"Jul 13, 2008"
10,"Some of the lyrics are a bit weak, and some songs (Bone Marrow) have jarring random parts and really don't transition well between them, but overall, this is one of the most interesting, enjoyable albums I've heard in years.",0,0,"Feb 15, 2008"
10,"This is probably one of the best albums I've ever heard. This is better then Kezia (Kezia is still amazing though). It's a lot more heavier. The lyrics are amazing. The guitars are so technical. Everything about this album rocks, all the songs are great.",0,0,"Feb 24, 2008"
8,"I have to completely agree with Brandon S. The vocals really to hurt this album. They're basically emo vocals, which is too bad, since everything else is basically flawless. It's a good album, but I really hesitate to call it the classic that some people see it as. Also, the metascore is so high because there are only 5 reviews (as I right this), so that one really good review is really pulling it up. Just thought I'd point that out.",0,0,"Feb 28, 2008"
10,"An excellent follow-up to Kezia, expanding on that album's scope and technical proficiency. A must-listen for fans of Protest's previous work and those who like their metal at light speed with a healthy dose of genre-bending attention deficiency.",0,0,"Mar 16, 2008"
9,"Remember when 'emo' actually meant something and wasn't just some arbitrary catch-all insult to be hurled at bands you don't like regardless of their actual genre? Anyways, this is a very impressive album by a very talented young band who combine all sorts of elements from many of the various subgenres of metal and punk. It isn't 'emo', it isn't 'opera metal', and it deserves the high rating that it currently has on this site.",0,0,"Mar 21, 2008"
10,"Absolutely insane from beginning to end. A breath of fresh air in the metal universe.",0,0,"Mar 25, 2008"
1,"This album is terrible. This band is an embarrassment to what metal is really about. It's just standard, boring, haircore. The same thing that's been sucking the soul out of metal for the past five or six years or so. Where are the reviews from real magazines, anyway?",0,0,"Mar 27, 2008"
10,"This is an amazing album and took a long time to make and those of you saying it is bad and you are 'tired of this stuff' you might as well keep it to yourselves because you have no idea what you are talking about. i have no idea what kind of music you like but iron maiden is an awesome band and is better than most.",0,0,"Apr 14, 2008"
10,"I have something very important to say. No one should classify any part of PTH's music 'emo'. Their lyrics and musical style are no such filth. They are progressive/metal/post hardcore/punk. Don't be ignorant about the musicianship either. I have been playing guitar (metal) for about 7 years and believe me the riffage on this album is AMAZING. This album deserves to be at the top. If don't understand what PTH is about maybe you should research what both Kezia and Fortress are about before you label it as mediocre. Let the real musicians and those who know great music decide where this album belongs.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2008"
7,"Really melodic stuff. It's in fact a strong mix of different genres (i think form harcore there only few beatdown parts left). There is a strong infuence of heavy metal and everything you can ever imagine",0,0,"Sep  3, 2010"
10,"Quite possibly my favourite album of all time. This is the album that opened my mind to the metal genre and got me listening to everything I could get my hands on. I used to strictly enjoy one genre of metal but because of this glorious ban enjoy a bit of everything. Took me a few listens to really enjoy it but boy was it worth it.",0,0,"Sep 13, 2012"
1,"Some people don't know the difference between good music and bad music THIS is bad music.",0,3,"Nov 13, 2007"
4,"Honestly, what am I missing with these guys? I've listened to both discs twice, and I can't find anything that separates them from other generic emo bands (I know they hate the word 'emo', but really, it's what they are). They are a level above other emo bands, maturity-wise. Some of the lyrics really surprised me, in a good way. But the music doesn't elevate them, and just comes across as run-of-the-mill and too familiar. I wanted to like Say Anything, but I'll probably end up giving this album to a friend. So seriously, if I really am missing something, tell me (I'm not being a sarcastic jerk). Otherwise, I'll have to shrug this band off, and never hear them again. I won't call them overrated. Acclaim isn't easy to come by. But I am confused as to what everyone else sees in them.",0,1,"Nov 29, 2007"
3,"Overrated and utterly silly (see cover art). Bemis comes off as a pretentious teenager who just can't seem to shed his 16-year old angst. Let's move forward and no longer defend this genre. Or just grow up.",0,1,"Dec 12, 2007"
9,"An astounding album of catching tunes and amazing lyrics. Say Anything's follow up to ...Is a real boy is a masterpiece thats a crowning achievement in music.",0,1,"Mar 19, 2012"
10,"Many wondered where Say Anything would go after the critically acclaimed ...Is A Real Boy. With this definitive answer, Say Anything has silenced the naysayers. This album is amazing, and so cohesive that it's almost mind boggling. Ridiculously catchy, and the lyrics are just near insanity (pun intended). Very very enjoyable, and an album you all must buy.",0,0,"Nov  4, 2007"
10,"This record is truly amazing. The guest list is extraordinary. Chris Conley on the title track and Hayley Williams on ''The Church Channel' are my favorites. Max Bemis did his name well with this.",0,0,"Nov  9, 2007"
8,"It was ok, some of the songs are amazing and some of the songs are just ok. i just started listening to them recently but their cd before this was much better. but i love the song baby girl I'm a blur.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2007"
8,"Some amazing songs but then there are some ones that i dont think are too strong but i guess i cant like every song on a 2 disc set, the backing vocals are what makes this kenny vasoli, max bemis, and hailey of paramore on the same song is just too great to be true max is a great song writer but there are like 6 songs that seem too forced so it gets an eight from me but max is just incredible even tough this cd isn't his best, ps eric c has no idea what he is talking about do you play an instrument or write music this is soooo different from the average emo band and in defense of the genre is saying how they like the emo genre what is music without emotion..... its not music thats for sure.",0,0,"Feb  6, 2008"
10,"This album is typical Say Anything, inventive and pushing the envelope. The lyrics have that delightfully twisted edge that's characterizes Bemis's work and the sound is refreshing, though it does depart from ...Is A Real Boy a lot. But instead of alienating fans of their other work, the new sound draws in even more fans while refreshing the pallets of their hardcore fans. (Even if they may whine since Baby, Im a Blur is computer generated).",0,0,"Nov 18, 2007"
10,"Max Bemis is God!!! Anyone who says different should die.",0,0,"Nov 23, 2007"
10,"Another nearly perfect album.",0,0,"Nov  6, 2007"
10,"This CD is epic, Say Anything never ceases to amaze me. Everything they do is solid.",0,0,"May 26, 2008"
10,"Say anything is defiantly one of the greatest bands of its generation. Lead singer, Max bemis, is truly one of the best songwriters of all time.",0,0,"Sep  2, 2008"
10,"This CD is butterscotch sound.",0,0,"Nov  5, 2007"
10,"This is a great album. Someone will like at least one song on this album. They have a every wide range pallet and it shows to the fullest. This is one of Max Bemis's best work and he should be congratulated for it.",0,0,"Dec 26, 2007"
10,"First off if you don't think this cd is great then you dont know what your missing. And second off you have to be in a certain state of mind to understand any of the lyrics on the cd. and third your all really gay this is one of their best fucking cds ever.",0,0,"Dec 27, 2007"
9,"Excellent CD. Lots of unnecessary tracks but enough great tracks there (around 17 out of 27) to be fully recommended anyway. It's really an epic and fantastic album and a great evolution for the band.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2007"
8,"This cd will make you feel like you're going insane right alongside Max.",0,0,"Dec 16, 2007"
8,"This album would be easily a 9 and maybe even a 10 if the band had decided to make this a single-disc LP. The number of unnecessary tracks included could create a decent b-sides album.",0,0,"Sep 17, 2013"
0,"Thrice should not be recording music anymore. This record is awful. Bland, predictable.",0,1,"Oct 21, 2007"
2,"This is one of the most unforgivably awful albums I've had the misfortune of spending money on. Thrice seemed more in love with the idea of releasing a quadruple album reflecting the 4 elements than they were with writing it. This is unfocused, convoluted and fundamentally poor songwriting. 'Fire' is loud and monotonous, with a lack of memorable moments. 'Water' is drab and boring. Both sections are mediocrity at it's finest, dabbling with two completely different sounds that they themselves have done far better in the past.Thrice has always been a band who walks to their own drum, and this time they do it at their own expense. Their decision to self-produce this record was ambitious, and one that was apparently hastily made. Though they hoped to forge new ground, this first installment of the 4 elements project falls decidedly flat.",0,1,"Nov 21, 2011"
10,"album of the year. thrice is the best band of this past decade.",0,0,"Oct 21, 2007"
10,"Sputnik music is right!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! no one can defy they have created another masterpiece. this album gives a new direction to the face of music. It completely measures up against anything happening in music today and is completely refreshing to have a band like thrice at thr helms of a new musical revolution. they are quickly joining the ranks of Sunset Rubdown, Sufjan Stevens, and Animal Collective as leaders in a new direction and there are undefinable ways this thing is packaged which is reason enough to buy this music. If you like revolutionary music then you should but this disc. Its the best thing you'll here all year and there is nothing that can compare",0,0,"Oct 24, 2007"
10,"Wow! Absolutely stunning album. When I heard it the first time I thought it was nice but not as good as Vheissu, but especially the fire side is a grower and in combination with the water side this album has become my personal favourite. There is not one track I can't hear over and over again. Very nice, looking forward to the Air&Earth parts.",0,0,"Oct 27, 2007"
9,"In a time when melody has been thrown out the window by ninety percent of rock bands to accommodate nu-metal structured, scream-o garbage, Thrice has found a niche. This is not the greatest album, by any means, but it is the best I've heard in a long time. 'Fire' allows you to rock out - something I've yearned to do since every worthwhile band that doesn't replace singing with screaming has either disbanded or turned sour. 'Water' is laid-back, as cliche as that may come across, but still a good listen. I insist you try this album out, disregarding any (mis)conceptions you have about Thrice's first two albums.",0,0,"Nov  3, 2007"
9,"Hey, I actually wrote the sputnikmusic review. I feel like other reviewers graded the notion of fulfilling the concept of the album as more of a literal fulfillment. They were peeved that fire maps to heaviness and water mapped to subdued tones. I guess I never really listened to each disc as an opportunity to fully render all of the implications and subtleties of an element, but more of a way to invoke an element by way of a composition. I dunno. To talk about the form of the discs some more they are analogous to two tone poems or song cycles rather than a larger scale symphony. The compositions are much more based on sentiment and and sensation rather than overarching structural progress and motivic development, which I think other reviewers tended to focus too much on. However, I do agree that if looking at it from that perspective Thrice is definitely lacking. Fire has those expected melodic and harmonic moments I mention in my review that definitely dumb down the rendering of fire. Either way, everybody should check out the disc.",0,0,"Oct 19, 2007"
0,"Absolutely awful. I liked thrice in the sub-city days, but these guys are way overstepping their musical boundaries. Bad Massive Attack-esque electro coats the second half, while the first half is completely monotonous color-by-numbers screamo. Do yourself a favor and break out Identity Crisis instead of wasting your money on a washed up album by a band trying to reinvent themselves.",0,0,"Oct 21, 2007"
10,"To Hell with what the critics say! Alternative Press and Sputnik seem to be the only critics with straight heads nowadays. Thrice isn't trying to be the Deftones or Radiohead, they are branching out musically, sure water has alot of slow melodic electric sounds similar to those of other bands, but thats just water 1/4 of the record, if all the songs were on the same disc of 12 tracks and 4 of those had a sound that was different than what people usually associate a band with, no one would say that the band in question is trying to be someone else. And besides, it isnt like there was a huge jump between Artist in the Ambulance and Alchemy Index, like it or not there is and album in between the two that is argueably more of a brave excursion for Thrice than t.A.I. is, and nobody tore it down so badly. Vheissu is an amazing record there is no denying it and The Alchemy Index is yet another great chance for Thrice to showcase their musical prowess in a world of stereotypes. Sure the second two discs aren't out yet, but for now, this record gets a perfect 10 in my book.",0,0,"Dec 27, 2007"
9,"Great cd, although I wish they'd ditch the concept aspect and just put out a solid 10-15 song album. Anyone that harkens to their 'sub-city' days is just unwilling to see the band explore and expand their musical horizons. If you like the post-hardcore/punk sound and good musicianship, give it a listen.",0,0,"Oct 22, 2007"
9,"I heard of the 4 disc, elemental concept album over a year ago, and I was pretty excited about it. Especially the fact that they came up with the idea and then wrote around the concept. A good test of musicianship. The album came out amazing! People who only like Identity Crisis will not like it because Thrice has tried to do something different with every album, creating a natural evolution in their music. The Fire disc is very cool. I think The Flame Deluge is a great ending for the disc. It is very heavy, but pretty at the same time. The water disc is all mellow and very pretty. Lost Continent is an amazing song. The Whaler is sad as it seems to tell the difficulty of Dustin leaving his family to do his music through the story of a man leaving to go to sea. The album is amazing, I give it a 9 only because it takes a lot to have a perfect album, and even the best albums aren't perfect.",0,0,"Oct 23, 2007"
9,"An absolutely gorgeous album, from start to finish. Thrice create yet another marvelous album to compliment their already impressive discography. The ambitious (and extremely well done) concept of the album alone is enough to make the purchase of this album truly worth it.",0,0,"Oct 24, 2007"
9,"very good, though certainly not without its flaws. thrice is maturing musically and experimenting in ways that bands like from first to last or the used could only dream of being able to pull off.",0,0,"Oct 24, 2007"
10,"for any of you who have rated this album on the basis of a fist listen you probably will only hear what you have cited. however this album is a devoted work of art; music for expressive purpose rather than catchy background noise. its bleeding obvious to see that reviewers have listened once and picked at song titles and lyric adjectives relative to the elements and branded them worthless. take a read of their lyrics and you can see the poetic brilliance that thrice have worked so hard for. ie: the arsonist; the flame deluge; the whaler. listen to the musical intricacies in their melody, harmonies and rhythm and you will hear what sets thrice apart from other post-hardcore groups. its a shame to see that as our music gets drummer and uninspiring so has our appreciation of it. thrice; sigur ros and radiohead are amongst a forever dwindling group of new-age musicians who can actually call themselves composers!",0,0,"Oct 24, 2007"
9,"Amazing album. I love how they do each of the albums differently so you don't don't get the same repetitive crap over again. I will say though that 'The Artist In The Ambulance is by far my favorite album.",0,0,"Jan 12, 2008"
9,"This album really surprised me. After hearing about the whole concept behind it i wasn't so sure Thrice would be able to pull this off effectively and wow was I wrong. Thrice really deliver on this album and in my opinion its one of the best albums this year and its gotten me really excited in hearing Volumes III and IV.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2007"
10,"I feel embarrassed to ever have enjoyed Identity Crisis. This album destroys nearly ever album they have previously released and is easily the best rock album of 2007. Pure genius.",0,0,"Nov 26, 2007"
9,"cons: divided by 4 make it less homogen and easy to listen all straight. pros: Its Thrice that evolve and doing what they want, leading the way for a new generation of band, breaking stupid music industry rules and pushing further their personnality. It's full of good ideas well done but not a 100% perfect like in vheissu.",0,0,"Oct 31, 2007"
9,"This IS the album of the year. Thrice have matured from a small oc punk band and have evolved into a musical powerhouse producing epic tones indescribably rich. Although people might want to listen to Vheissu before listening to this to see what direction there coming from on this one. A must have for any music fan.",0,0,"Nov 14, 2007"
6,"Maybe a little too ambitious and all over the place. I respect what they're trying to do, but as a first time listener it's really hard to get into. I look forward to what they release next.",0,0,"Sep 28, 2011"
10,"Amazing album. For me it was very memorable, especially lyrically; Dustin keeps writing amazing lyrics that just blow my mind over and over again with every piece they release.The hiatus they just announced was truly devastating for me...",0,0,"Nov 28, 2011"
10,"I do not believe that Fire and Water is Thrice's best album but its definately no Vheissu. That said, It doesnt deserve the absurdly low rating it has. The fire section of the album is strong and.... explosive, as fire should be; but the album glows on the water section. Digital sea and The Whaler makes are different from anything i've heard before in my life and are both held in high regard. Alchemy index suffers because of the friction created from the 2 different types of sounds used but music lovers of any kind should at least like the water section.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2011"
10,"Exceptional. Conceptually sound, strongly written, tightly preformed. While perhaps not of the same accessibility of its 'Earth/Air' sibling, this is one of the strange and wonderful instances of a concept album coming out in spades.",0,0,"Jun 27, 2013"
8,"The Weakerthans are one band that can definitely claim to having their own sound, which they combine that with lyrics that, at times, seem more than like poetry. It all come together very nicely, with a collection that features both quiet moments, and some great burst of power pop guitars. The only issue I have is that they there's not much musically different from their excellent previous collection, 'Reconstruction Site,' which isn't necessarily a bad thing, because you really come back to the Weakerthans for the the new poems, which all find emotion in the small things that make up life. Vritute the Cat is back, this time to tell the tell of her departure, in probably the saddest piece about a pet I've ever heard.",0,0,"Oct 10, 2007"
10,"The weakerthans are by far my favourite band and this release did not disappoint. This is a solid effort and has fewer lows than Reconstruction Site. The band has mellowed since Left and Leaving but the lyrics are still some of the best in the biz.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2007"
9,"An excellent new album. A shade better than Reconstruction Site and without the high peaks of Left and Leaving. I love an album which has a great back half!",0,0,"Oct  4, 2007"
3,"GOD! I hate idiot uses who abuse user vote and only vote either 10 or zero. I don't have a problem if people like this album. I don't mind it, I find many of the songs exciting an innovative... but this album is not a 10. Illiniose, In rainbows, figure 8... these are 10's. Don't fool youselves by voting so highly on such a mediocore album. It's insulting to real music.",1,3,"Nov  2, 2007"
10,"This is a very good CD and the Dropkick Murphys are a great band that give great cd's all the time",0,1,"Mar 30, 2008"
9,"Great album",0,0,"Oct  9, 2007"
10,"These people don't know what they are talking about. This is one of their best albums. Everything on it is perfect. Nice one DKM!!",0,0,"Sep 21, 2007"
9,"Brilliant. An improvement over their last two albums. God Willing and Flanagan's Ball are as good as any tracks they've done before. A must!",0,0,"Sep 21, 2007"
10,"This album is awesome (F)lannigans ball is awesome. I'd totally recommend it. another great DKM CD is 'The Warriors Code'",0,0,"Mar 16, 2008"
10,"A truly great album. It captures the hard working ethic and fun of Boston workers and Irish everywhere. The songs show their familiarity with the downsides of the average person. The song 'Loyal to No One' reminds me of pain-in- the-ass neighborhood types you knew but didn't really like.",0,0,"Sep 27, 2007"
9,"The Murphys are back, and as mean as ever!",0,0,"Nov 13, 2007"
6,"I really approve their style, but the album is too unvaried. Some songs like 'The State Of Massachusetts', 'Johnny, I Hardly Knew Ya', 'God Willing' or 'Vices And Virtues' really kick ass, but most of the rest is not that special. But still, the genre they built up is very cool and I would definitely check their hit songs out, also if you don't miss much if you don't listen to the whole album.",0,0,"Oct  1, 2012"
9,"If you like poppy guiat/synth music, then you're in heaven.",0,0,"Oct 15, 2007"
10,"I've always loved MCSm and I've got both of their earlier cd's, but this one is definitely my favorite. They've manged to mature and evolve without abandoning their trademark sound and isolating even their most devoted fans.",0,0,"Oct  5, 2007"
10,"I LOVE the album! I love how their music has become more mature.... its not just random-fun lyrics, its really deep and tells a story. I love the sound and i am still the dedicated fan that i am! :) LOVE THE ALBUM!!!!",0,0,"Oct 23, 2007"
8,"This is what i wanted from the black lips. An consisted album, without the childless fooling around (it's fun to see that live but not on the album). The only problem is that it doesn't have the real killers like 'buried alive' and 'sea of blasphemy'. The black lips made a proper pop album and it's a sidestep from their previous material. The next album should be the classic Garage rock album of the new millennium.",1,1,"Oct  5, 2007"
10,"The best band to come out of Atlanta . . . um, ever. Most reviews have been a little too lukewarm for my blood. I don't know how you feel lukewarm about a band like this, you should either love them or hate them. One of the top 5 albums of the year.",0,0,"Oct  8, 2007"
9,"Absolutely great and quite funny....great if your into the genre",0,0,"Oct 13, 2007"
10,"Poetry life art money death hope despair.",0,0,"Sep 22, 2007"
10,"This is what I have come to expect from the worlds foremost authority on inteligent punk. Only a great album like so many before it. Bravo.",0,0,"Sep  1, 2007"
6,"Not their best work. I don't like the way it is produced. And almost half of the songs isn't as strong as the two albums before this one.",0,0,"Aug  3, 2007"
10,"its what i wanted. wasnt it what you wanted?",0,0,"Aug  5, 2007"
9,"This is definitely one of their best albums. It becomes harder to define a favorite due to the high quality of all their records. One of the reviews said it best... they sound rejuvenated. It's back to their old wonderful form.",0,0,"Oct  4, 2007"
0,"When was Bad Religion ever anything but a vehicle for the mentally underendowed to feel temporarily more intelligent than was their right?",0,0,"Aug  2, 2007"
8,"Awesome Album and still going strong after many years.",0,0,"Aug 28, 2007"
3,"Worst BR album ever. Uninspired and unoriginal.",0,0,"Aug  9, 2007"
7,"Not their best album by any stretch of the imagination. However it's still a lot better than most of the other rubbish being churned out in this genre of music.",0,0,"Aug 21, 2007"
9,"Everything you'd hope for and more.",0,0,"Aug  6, 2007"
9,"superlative; this album is immensely enjoyable. No band writes catchier punk songs than bad religion. Oh, and their drummer, Brooks Wackerman, is excellent.",0,0,"Feb  2, 2008"
8,"Love this band, havent lost any steam since they started, but in some songs you really get the feeling that they overedited the thing... they lose some of the rawness of thier previous releases.",0,0,"Aug 11, 2007"
9,"Great Album. The last five songs could have been a little better.",0,0,"Aug 17, 2007"
3,"Their music is awsome but they seem very anti-american in all that they sing. One of the best punk rock bands around but they are way too liberal and very anti all religion in general. They all really have nothing to live for if what they say is true.",0,2,"Aug 29, 2004"
6,"This is a solid album that does exactly what Bad Religion are supposed to do. It's melodic, it's angry, it gets to the point. Fans won't be disappointed.",0,0,"Feb  3, 2010"
9,"This album has taken over my stereo. Aside from showing crap-filled 'bands' like good charlote, new found glory, and all those other poseurs what punk is all about, this album is perfect for times like these. While the album stumbles a bit on tracks without a message, like 'LA is Burning', when they get fired up, this is some of the finest punk you'll ever hear. Favorite tracks: 'Let Them Eat War', 'The Empire Strikes First', 'Atheist Peace'",0,0,"Jun 28, 2004"
10,"Okay this is a great cd..The beat of the song just flows along perfectly its a great CD if you like punk rock..Check Bad Religon's Empire Strikes First ;)",0,0,"Jul  3, 2004"
2,"Same crap as their other albums. Left wing politics translated into psuedo-insightful obtuse lyrics put to the tunes of some awesome punk music. The lyrics totally ruin the experience of Bad Religion and no matter how good the music is, and it is good, I will never be able to like them because of it. Not that I am a right-winger or anything, I just find their lyrics to be awfully patronising and instead of constructing a lyrical arguement they are reasonless blind protests against very tired targets.",0,0,"Jun 21, 2004"
9,"som very good songs... br is back on track.",0,0,"Jan 31, 2005"
9,"A solid, if unspecacular album. There are a bunch of good songs on here, and it's a good listen.",0,0,"May  8, 2006"
7,"Not the best Bad Religion but still good tunes. I always enjoy what they have to bring to the table.",0,0,"Jul 15, 2004"
9,"Great lyrics - great sound - great everything!",0,0,"Jul  2, 2004"
9,"About half of this album is absolutely brilliant; the other half is absolutely terrible. I will never get tired of such songs as 'Los Angeles Is Burning', 'God's Love', 'The Empire Strikes First', 'Let Them Eat War', and 'All There Is'. These songs, as well as two or three others that slip my mind at the moment, are amng the best I've heard this year. Bad Religion has put together more than a handful of wnderful songs with powerful political messages. The other half of the album (basically songs 1-4 and I think number 9) are just bad. I really wanted to like every song, but I've never been able to sit through those songs. Regardless, it's a very strong album, and I encourage all to get it.",0,0,"Aug 30, 2004"
10,"i'm an indonesian n my respond 4 this album: i think this album is perfect.in this album show the real character of Bad Religion music.Brave,Wise n Grow Up puNkRoCk that i called. Bad Religion was mediator to telling the Truth about side of life!!!",0,0,"Aug 31, 2004"
10,"i am really frightened that they call it gods love.",0,0,"Sep 13, 2004"
10,"Wonderful!",0,0,"Jun  9, 2005"
8,"Bad Religion is one of the few 'older' bands that has managed to retain its sound, message, and dignity. Empire is no exception to this statement, though this is by no means their best album.",0,0,"Jul 11, 2005"
9,"I think i have listened to this cd a dozen times in the past 24 hours and each time i find myself singing along, fist in the air. Let them Eat War is my new favorite Bad religion song.",0,0,"Mar 22, 2007"
9,"The Empire Strikes First is easily one of my favorite CD's from Bad Religion. For me it ties with 'The Process of Belief' and only trails ' Stranger Than Fiction' as far as what i consider their best. The political theme and heavy Orwell influence with the lyrics is easy to see and it helps and is well appreciated in these times. I am not a left-winger, however the theme and mood of the album is something that even us who are in the center can appreciate without being bashed as Bush haters. As far as albums this year go, only 'Rock Against Bush' is probably more obvious in its political leanings this year. Well, so far.",0,0,"Jul 18, 2004"
8,"Great album but not compared to process of belief, it is a slight let down. Also, I needed more songs like gods love.",0,0,"Dec 28, 2005"
10,"Brody has shown her amazing lyrics skills and her dog rough vocals on this new album. She is a punk godess and inspiration too many young people out there. In this album, her lyrics show emotion and thoughtfulness. I recommend this album to every person in the punk/alternative scene.",0,0,"Oct 25, 2003"
9,"Brody has such a unique voice, and the distillers are great musicians. I love this album! That being said, I am more of a fan to her earlier work... there was so much to be said in Sing Sing Death House. Coral Fang is great nonetheless :)",0,0,"Sep  7, 2007"
6,"Not awful per se?but nothing really stands out. Brody's voice is amazingly visceral as always, but the song's just don't hold up as well as their previous work. I've listened to it several times and still can't remember any of the songs on it: they all sort of blur together except for the noise on the last track, which is just annoying. I hope Courtney Love's new album, if it ever gets released, turns out better.",0,0,"Nov 14, 2003"
0,"THE DISTILLERS HAVE SOLD OUT!!!!! they used to be cool now they suck!!",0,0,"Mar 23, 2004"
1,"the distillers used to be a hardcore punk band, now they fucking suck...some may like this pop-themed album but i sure as hell dont",0,0,"Mar 30, 2004"
1,"the distillers used to be a hardcore punk band, now they fucking suck...some may like this pop-themed album but i sure as hell dont",0,0,"Mar 30, 2004"
10,"distillers are the best",0,0,"Sep 30, 2005"
10,"l love Brody!",0,0,"Dec 28, 2006"
10,"Amazing album beter than the Sing Sing Death House by far. Best Tracks: Hall Of Mirrors, For Tonight You're Only Here To Know, Coral Fang.",0,0,"Apr 13, 2007"
10,"sounds bad ass!",0,0,"Nov  2, 2003"
10,"I loved this CD it is awesome I love Brody heart wrenching screams and her ear popping lyrics!Ryan has gotten wicked on bass along with Tony and Andy doing great on Guitar and Drums!This was an awesome CD and I can't fucking wait for The Distillers to make another one!They pulled it off yet again!",0,0,"Nov 27, 2003"
10,"Cd is awesome...bottom line. Must admit, it wasn't as raw as their older albums, but it's very bouncy with just a touch of grunge. I dunno if I'd review it as punk, but whatever sound Brody and the band are trying to portray kicks some major as#!",0,0,"Nov  4, 2003"
5,"I have to admit that I'm disappointed with this album after expecting an evolution from 'Sing Sing Death House.' That album was incredibly hard. This album seems so overproduced. Why do they muck up Brody's voice with overdubs, etc.??? And why the slower stuff?? I'm confused.",0,0,"Nov  4, 2003"
7,"More grunge than punk. If you wanna listen to Brody channeling Cobain, you'll love it. Me, I prefered the raw sound of the first, self-titled album. Nothing on 'Coral Fang' can compare to Brody screaming 'F--- you!' at the top of her lungs at the end of 'L.A. Girl.'",0,0,"Oct 16, 2003"
10,"This cd is rock one of the best punk cd that had come out yet before Rancids yes this group is mad cool.",0,0,"Oct 16, 2003"
0,"This album completely blew, The Distillers sold out their music and souls. Almost the entire CD was terrible songs 8 and 9 were the only decent ones yet the idiots making the cd decided to ad vocal effects to brody's voice which is horrible. And the song with just sound from the guitars and the drums keeping a beat was aweful and useless. Random noises aren't hardcore or punk they are shit.",0,0,"Oct 20, 2003"
10,"it's good #5 is the best",0,0,"Oct 23, 2003"
3,"Critics are so eager to either love or hate this album based solely on the over hyped soap opera that is known as brody's life, that few reviewers have actually mentioned listening to this album when they review it. For what it's worth I've bought it, listened to it and I am sincerely thinking of writing to Warner Brothers and asking for my money back. At best this album is a showcase for the bands rhythum section (which at times is stellar and at other times threatened to be completely sabatoged by Brody's singing and her and Tony's guitar playing) and at worst, everything that has become stale, stagnent and boring about punk rock. Positive reviews on this album on based on nothing more than the media's desire to paint Brody as some angel/whore who crawled her way out of the gutter to save rock n roll from utter damnation. If they were based on the actual music I highly doubt anyone would give this album a second thought. For Sale one copy of Coral Fang dirt cheap.",0,0,"Oct 24, 2003"
10,"I thought it was fuckin awesome....all their shit is great and their lyrics are as well amazing.",0,0,"Dec 23, 2004"
10,"Nothing short of brilliant. A Masterpiece.",0,0,"Mar 10, 2005"
9,"i love this album it kicks ass brody is god she has such an wasome vouce and her lyrics are chillin",0,0,"Nov  1, 2003"
10,"sounds bad ass!",0,0,"Nov  2, 2003"
10,"sounds bad ass!",0,0,"Nov  2, 2003"
8,"Don't criticise this album because of her private life. Thats none of your f**king buisness. I pesonally love Rancid and The Distillers and what happens outside of the music buisness is there sh*t. I think this album is good but it does seem to have slowed down, to which the orginal fans will be pretty err cheesed off to say the least. However the tracks are mostly in themselves, reasonable. First album ruled...",0,0,"Nov 30, 2003"
10,"very good brody changes style from screaming to actually singing. I give it two thumbs up.",0,0,"Oct 19, 2003"
10,"'Coral Fang' is brilliant, I wouldn't expect anything less from the Distillers. Well, I'd like to see Brody scratch Kelly Osbournes eye's out. Kelly is a whore, a bitch and the ultimate definition of a fake. If she read this, she'd probably go crying to her dying mommy.",0,0,"Oct 21, 2003"
10,"Best (girl) punk rock album since Hole's Live through this. Well crafted edgy dynamcis with vocals that can make the hair on your skin stand up within 2 seconds and melodies that can light and brightenyour heart.",0,0,"Dec 18, 2003"
10,"It's the emotional rollercoaster that takes you up and down and all the way around with no tracks placed to show you the way but merely a gust of enery that makes your brain's synapses release dopamine.",0,0,"Oct 31, 2003"
9,"I think that the distillers fuckin kick ass no matter what they do and although their other two albums were better than this one it still fucking kicks and I'd like to see all of you ass holes who rated it low to write a cd as good as this one.",0,0,"Nov 17, 2004"
1,"this cd is a load of rubbish.if you heared them before they sold out and liked there music then this aint 4 u .if your a good charlotte or greenday follower then ul love it .U dissapointed me BRODY selling out for sgag agen!!!",0,0,"Dec  1, 2004"
10,"You realise the biggest reason people give this album a low rating is because of 1) the distillers supposedly have sold out and slowed down and 2) the mr. armstrong event............. whatever happened to JUST THE FUCKING MUSIC? Honestly, this album is brilliant.... bands have to mix things up once in a while or a certain sound gets repetitive. Look at AFI..... same idea. But they fucking rock. The Distillers are Gods and Brody is a true Goddess of all she stands for. The music speaks for itself, so open your damn ears.",0,0,"Apr 18, 2004"
10,"Phenomenal album. Pure perfection. Not a song on the album to even contemplate skipping. Lack of memorable hooks? I personally beleive the exact opposite, and thats what attracts me to this album, even more so than their previous efforts.",0,0,"Oct 24, 2005"
9,"America's worst female is back! I love the album.. great vocals, fast Rancid-like riffs and cool drums.. this is the kind of album every punk-rock fan needs to have!",0,0,"Aug 21, 2005"
1,"the 1 is for sound coming out of my speakers. derivative, bland, without hooks, and cast in a positive light by sole virtue of brody's shitty life, the album is a classic case of hype being based on background than the actual music. when a 'punk' album makes you fall asleep, you're in trouble. come on kids. there's so much better out there. if you don't know where to start, maybe fugazi will make you understand what little you know if you actually love this album.",0,0,"Nov 13, 2003"
9,"I love this CD. Is there anything wrong with being called the new Courtney Love?",0,0,"Nov 27, 2003"
10,"The Distiller could have been the next Hole or Sex Pistols for that matter. This album was straight up in your face punk rock. No questions ask. A kick ass punk album. I highly recommend it. Highlight tracks: 'The Hunger', 'Hall of Mirrors', 'Love is Paranoid', 'Drain the Blood', 'Die on a Rope', 'Beat Your Heart Out', 'Coral Fang', 'Dismantle Me', 'Death Sex', 'The Gallow is God'  'For Tonight You're Only Here to Know.'",0,0,"Feb 23, 2013"
0,"they suck this album is horrible",0,0,"Jan  3, 2007"
10,"Extremly emotional in the best way possible, great melodies and choruses, it is more than I ever hoped from LTJ. They keep getting better like a cheap red wine to crystal 'which is not worth the price but LTJ sure is! Request their Single 'She's Gonna Break Soon' on TRL and show these MTV people what real honest and heartfelt music is all about!",0,0,"Jun 20, 2003"
10,"a true mix of brilliance! ltj rock!",0,0,"Jul  4, 2003"
10,"Brilliant album, with new classics like Plastic Cup Politics and The Science of Selling Yourself Short",0,0,"Jan 20, 2007"
10,"this cd is the best one yet it has great songs and is totaly worth the money",0,0,"Sep 13, 2003"
9,"It's got the same feel as Rockview, and dare I say a little more sophistication...yet still not pretentious. Kudos guys, kudos.",0,0,"Dec 10, 2005"
2,"Dreadful album, comparatively to the two chronologically previous albums (Hello Rockview, Borders...). Both the originality of the lyrics and instrumentation has been severely compromised on this record.",0,0,"Oct 22, 2006"
10,"This is a really great album from Less Than Jake. It sounds really sharp and clean and contains a lot of really good songs, such as 'The Science of Selling Yourself Short,' and 'Plastic Cup Politics.' Don't be fooled by those who will Less Than Jake sold out with this album. It's still great music, even if their sound has changed somewhat since 10 years ago. Isn't that what's expected to happen? This CD is definitely worth it!",0,0,"Feb 11, 2006"
10,"Excellent album. Regarding the sound quality, it's very well put together, and the content is amazing too. This one rocks!",0,0,"May 30, 2006"
7,"The CD that saved Less Than Jake's career. After the awesome Pezcore, Losing Streak, and Hello Rockview, Less Than Jake started on a downward spiral. Goodbye Blue and Whtie and Borders and Boundaries were embarrassing releases. Anthem brings the group back to their original status (although this is a weaker version of all 3 CDs).",0,0,"Sep 22, 2006"
10,"This cd is really cool it's different fom their other cd's and is full of the songs that make them great i love this cd ltj rocks",0,0,"Jun 19, 2003"
9,"it's a great cd some of the songs could use some work but overall it has great sound vocals and horns i love it",0,0,"Jun 25, 2003"
9,"9 outa 10 all the way.. easily their best release yet...but they need to let the brass have some fun with a few brass solos!",0,0,"Sep 18, 2003"
10,"Best album of Less Than Jakes, and, in my opinion, the best album I've heard in my life thus far.",0,0,"Sep 12, 2004"
9,"WOW!!! Almost prepares you for their live shows!",0,0,"Jun  4, 2003"
8,"Dense and loud!",0,0,"Mar 24, 2006"
10,"Cannot be played quietly!",0,0,"Apr 21, 2003"
10,"My review is the brand new 2014 release of the NEW Buzzcocks album 'The Way' since this metacritic site is too lame to actually keep up with anything that isn't force fed music, and most of it isn't written by the people who appear on the covers and titles of the music.  So lame.  So, anyway.  The Buzzcocks ( Yes , The Beatles of Punk Rock) just put out another album.  It's A BLAST !  It's fun, fun, fun, fun, stuff.  Being you are reading this review, you might actually get it, where most here are brainwashed into thinking arcade fire, or U2, or coldplay deserve any attention.  That stuff is what I like to refer to as musical diarrhea.  Back to the Buzzcocks 2014 release of 'The Way'  Each song contains a tasty bit of the original sound the Buzzcocks discharged into the minds of so many unsuspecting people three decades ago, and it continues today.  It's a blast.  My cravings for pop/punk goodness were fulfilled.   It's a well written, great sounding CD with a lot of driving melodic songs that should be shared on many radio stations, but will never get any attention there.  How sad, here we have this wonderful brand new CD from one of the best bands in recent history, and no one knows its here.  But, lucky for you, you now do.  I am going to see The Buzzcocks this week, and this time around, I actually hope they play a few from this new album. You know how it is when you go to see a band you love, and they kind of punish you with some of their new songs, that's not the case here.  These new songs are great.  More fun stuff from 'The Beatles of Punk Rock, The Buzzcocks.   Yes, coldplay, and U2 and Arcade Fire are just musical Diarrhea, so there.",0,0,"Sep 15, 2014"
10,"I absolutely adore this album! I is one of my favorite albums created by this glorious band. It is filled with the deep emotional impact of the world and the people in it. I rate this album a 10 because it is truly exquisite.",1,1,"Jan 26, 2010"
2,"ugh i truly was looking forward to this cd but from the sound of things theyre appreciation of the gothic culture doesnt go very far, dark eyeliner and cure t shirts can only get you so far i expected this to be a half and half mixture of goth and punk what did i get? a lame ass punk whos singer sounds like he got racked in the balls with very very lightweight bits of goth rock for example like the cello that was buried way back in the background or calling there fan club the despair faction? get real the band would do better if they find a new singer seriously he cant sing and he writes some god awfull poetry, the only reason i gave it a two is for the hit song girls not grey unfort 90% of the record sounds exactly like that one song where i cant even remember wich one was the hit single",0,4,"Jan 21, 2005"
10,"This is the best punk album ever made. AFI is one of the most clever bands of this generation. This is a must buy for anyone who even remotely likes rock music!",0,0,"Jul  6, 2003"
10,"The beautiful blending of dark guitar licks and deep lyrics keep me humming the tunes and repeating the lyrics all day",0,0,"Oct  9, 2003"
10,"the best album since the last refused album it does't get much better than this",0,0,"Apr  4, 2003"
10,"On Sing The Sorrow AFI have finally managed to take all the potential of Shut Your Mouth and Open Your Eyes, Black Sails in the Sunset, and The Art of Drowning, and managed to mold it all together releasing all the potential in one masterpiece of an album. Sing The Sorrow is the best album of 2003 so far in my opinion.",0,0,"Apr  6, 2003"
8,"A very good effort for their first big budget album. More intricate songwriting. However, it is a little soft in spots, Hunter's magnificent bass sylings are subdued and it simply needs another big fast song to complete it. Synesthesia should have made it on here from the B-sides. Great, yes, but not as great as Black Sails in the Sunset for pure energy.",0,0,"Apr  7, 2003"
9,"This is a great album from top to bottom. AFI has matured ten-fold with Sing the Sorrow and Davey's vocals have never sounded better",0,0,"Apr  9, 2003"
10,"i just have to say, this is an awesome cd. AFI sing the sorrow is bringing the real punk back to life. I suggest you go get it right away. i mean come on whats the worst that could happen. you lose 10-15 bucks. who cares. just think you will have one of the best cds EVER!",0,0,"Jun  8, 2003"
10,"It frickin' rox",0,0,"Sep 10, 2003"
10,"this cd is awesome AFI ROX!!!",0,0,"Sep 30, 2003"
10,"best CD ever",0,0,"Oct 27, 2004"
10,"this cd rocks its the best and fav song on it is silver and coldu should get the cd now !!!!!!!!!!!!!there the best",0,0,"Feb  6, 2004"
10,"My favorite album of all time. AFI takes me places that I never thought possible. Davey Havok's lyrics and Jade Puget's music are nothing less then genius and legendary. The four members of AFI are all brilliant musicians and really have created music that has never been done before...this is new territory and it is exciting. Get the CD as fast as you can if you haven't done so already.",0,0,"Apr  3, 2007"
10,"This cd deserves worship from all people, especially AFI fans!!! It is so awesome, so very effing awesome!!! I love it.",0,0,"Oct 10, 2003"
9,"This CD kicks butt, for real, it's pretty awesome good job guys!!",0,0,"Oct  5, 2003"
10,"how can you not love this cd. if you weren't in love with davey before you have to be now. this cd is the best ever",0,0,"Oct  8, 2003"
10,"I love this album and every one from AFI. Ilove DAVEY HAVOK.",0,0,"Oct  9, 2003"
8,"the lyrics are not as dark as they were. that was was why the fans gravitated toward them, but still something the fans can relate to, kick ass anthems and hopeless yet revealing lyrics",0,0,"Mar 20, 2003"
10,"Excellent CD.",0,0,"Mar 26, 2003"
10,"One of the best album's I have ever heard. It is by far AFI's best album.",0,0,"Apr 10, 2003"
10,"So far the best review comes from Daily Lobo - http://www.dailylobo.com/news/411600.html It is everything i wanna say but can't put to words ;) Enjoy.",0,0,"Apr 10, 2003"
10,"This cd fuckin kicks ass. Go out and get it.",0,0,"Apr  6, 2003"
10,"I use to listen to old cd's of afi and they wrere great, but this one is a little diferent, but so much better...",0,0,"Apr  6, 2003"
10,"fuckin rocks",0,0,"Apr  8, 2003"
10,"Their best effort yet. And they have released some crackers.",0,0,"May 16, 2003"
10,"This is an awsome band. They most definately entered my top ten list along with THE MISFITS, DANZIG, SOM, and RAMONES. AFI sing the sorrow is the LP that i believe will bring real punk back to life!!!!!",0,0,"May 19, 2003"
5,"Mediocre and somewhat predictable. It's a decent album, but nothing really stands out. The whole cd just comes out as a pseudo-goth rock facade to draw in new and unaware funs unknowing how to hear true substance in music.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2003"
10,"awsome just awsome nothing else to say",0,0,"Sep 11, 2003"
10,"AFI SLAMS!!! Their cd is perfect.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2003"
10,"I have loved everything that AFI has made, but this new CD shows that AFI is going to be around for a long time, it bring in some of the new elements of music but still keeps their own sound.",0,0,"Sep 27, 2003"
10,"I LOVE this cd I love afi. Their lyrics are so deep.... I have been listenin to this cd non stop evre since i got it, wich was when if first came out. It's something you can never get tired of!!!!! AndreA",0,0,"Sep 30, 2003"
9,"One of the best albums of last year by far. I love A Fire Inside!!!",0,0,"Feb 26, 2004"
10,"hey hayley g you can get the lyrics at. www.lyricsspot.com",0,0,"Mar  7, 2004"
10,"this cd is the best dude i'm in love with davey he is such a hottie just a little advice guys keep up with the awesome songs and Davey don't cut your hair i love u guys",0,0,"Apr 11, 2004"
10,"Best lyrics I have Ever read",0,0,"Feb  4, 2005"
10,"So damn good!!! Loved every second of it",0,0,"Mar  7, 2007"
10,"This the magnum opus of AFI. The album is focused on one theme and is shown throughout the whole album. AFI's sound keeps in tune with their dark lyrics and focus, making the whole album weaved tightly together to create a musical trip for all the listeners.",0,0,"Mar  9, 2007"
10,"This albumn captures all my deepest feelings in a way that is both poetic ans stark simultaneously. But it never gets too overdramatic or careless in its presentation. Despite some sharp negative criticism it is AFI's best album.",0,0,"Jun  1, 2008"
10,"i really love this cd it is one of theirs i can keep on listening to anyway i have loved afi ever since 91 they kick A$$",0,0,"Nov 10, 2003"
10,"I completely agree with the person who noted that anyone who doesn't rate it a 10 should rot in sucky-music hell. [Where they play *NSYNC all day, har.] AFI is definitly my favourite band. With rather haunting and creative lyrics, AFI is the most listened-to band at my school, by listener survey. Guaranteed worth the $17 dollar price at Wal-Mart.",0,0,"Oct 11, 2003"
10,"I give this CD a 10 ,Why? you ask if you like all thire other cd's your going to like this and if you never heard of them if i was you i would go buy this cd and tell all of your friends about it this is the cd you want.If not then you don't know what your missing.",0,0,"Oct  6, 2003"
9,"this cd blasts harmonic melodies, heavy metal guitar riffs and everything in between. even though most people think they've sold out by signing with dreamworks, they're still rockin more than ever",0,0,"Mar 18, 2003"
8,"not a bad listen, but doesn't reflect their past albums very well.",0,0,"Mar 21, 2003"
8,"This album is different than the other AFI albums. However, i didn't used to be into AFI until i heard 'sing the sorrow'. Its creative use of gorgeous punk rock hardness and suprisingly enough... a little bit of techno give it a uniqueness that cannot be surpassed by thier late albums. They are an extremely talented band... go and buy the cd cheap while you can.",0,0,"Mar 20, 2003"
10,"awesome",0,0,"Mar 22, 2003"
0,"Bad popie sh*t i hate this crap!!!!!",0,0,"Mar 24, 2003"
10,"This album is the best thing to come out of America ever. Havok's lyrics are inspired, and the melodies ans harmonies go hand in hand with the mastery of the guitar. Undoubtedly the best album in the world since maybe 40 Licks by the Rolling Stones.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2003"
10,"this is the best AFI cd i have heard and i love it i hope that AFI will come to Call The Office",0,0,"Mar 29, 2003"
10,"First exposure to a band that I know has been around a long time. I kind of feel like all the people who got into Metallica when the Black album came out. I figured all of those people were posers, but now I guess I'm in the same boat with AFI. Looking forward to getting into their previous works, as this new album rocks. It's a little too produced in spots, though, so I'm anticipating their older stuff, as I've heard it's a little more raw and urgent.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2003"
10,"this is a GREAT cd i love it to death its probley one of my favorite ones...death of seasons is the best fucking song on the cd. it just cathes your attention and it maked you want to listen to it over and over again. i know death of seasons will never get old ever.",0,0,"Apr  1, 2003"
10,"they just keep on getting better.",0,0,"Apr 14, 2003"
10,"good album!!!",0,0,"Apr  2, 2003"
9,"This is the best CD I have got my hands on this year and I purchase between 4 and 8 per week. The lyrics are what makes this CD so good. Who ever writes for Blender needs to be fired. Almost a Tool meets Punk feel in this album.",0,0,"Apr 28, 2003"
10,"One of the best albums I have heard. The lyrics are completely unique and they show the deeper side of Havok's existence. We all knew it was there but this album just expresses and identifies what is truly inside. The melodies compliment the darkness of the lyrics and it all forms together to be one truly amazing album. I love it!",0,0,"Apr  3, 2003"
10,"OMFG, I creamed my pants",0,0,"Apr  7, 2003"
9,"This album is great to express your anger, and great for moshing",0,0,"Apr  8, 2003"
10,"This album, although it may not be their best one, is awesome.",0,0,"Apr  8, 2003"
10,"Awesome, just what a goth-punk-metal-rock record should be.",0,0,"Apr  9, 2003"
10,"First of all, whoever doesn't have this CD rated as a 10 has horrible taste in music. With that said lets get to it, Sing the Sorrow has been out for a full two months now, and I can't get enough of this CD. I've been a huge AFI for as long as I can remember, I was 8 when I bought my first AFI album. 8 years later and and four CDs later, I'm still in love with this band. Now I'm not gonna lie this CD is very mellow compared to anything AFI has done before, and in a way that kinda dissapointed me but in a way it was also very nice to be able to see the band make a smooth transition from hardcore punk to a more laid back almost poppish band. This CD is verymuch made for the mainstream scence out there, which sucks, but what can you do. Every song on this CD is awesome and each has its on unique sound. So even if you haven't heard of these guys or aren't even into these genre I Still sugest u go buy it, believe me you won't regret it, and 10 dollars isn't gonna kill ya",0,0,"May 26, 2003"
10,"I thick this is one of AFI's best cds. Some peaple look down on this cd because its one of their softer cds. And I really like it. The band tried some thing diffrent and thats why i like it so muck. THIS CD ROCKS!!!!!",0,0,"May  4, 2003"
9,"Most of the songs are good except some but overall this cd is the best i've heard from AFI!!!!",0,0,"Jun 12, 2003"
10,"this album is awesome!!! i love all of the songs!!",0,0,"Jun  5, 2003"
9,"it is a awsome cd",0,0,"Jul 11, 2003"
10,"they are just such a great band.and how I started to like them was becous my cousin was listining to you guys in the car and I just loved the cd and I saw a concert of you guys and it was probly the best time of my life",0,0,"Jul 23, 2003"
10,"Love the cd. it is softer then their others but still very good. i think everyone should buy this cd.",0,0,"Jul  4, 2003"
10,"Sing the Sorrow's music is their best yet. It has a definate twisted effect that makes it worth listening to!",0,0,"Aug 21, 2003"
10,"this is one of the best cds i have listen to in a long time. I LOVE IT!!!",0,0,"Aug 24, 2003"
10,"If u didn't love this cd the first time u listened to it then somethings wrong with u",0,0,"Aug 28, 2003"
10,"i would give it more but theres only 10 i love it i can relate to davy havok i really can afi rocks!!!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Sep 12, 2003"
10,"My favorite album since A Perfect Circle debut, sing the sorrow is top notch!!",0,0,"Sep 14, 2003"
10,"i only listen to country and my boyfriend gave me the cd to listen to and i love it. it is so great i would rate this and 11 but ya no how that goes.",0,0,"Sep 15, 2003"
10,"A.F.I. Rox aSS",0,0,"Sep 19, 2003"
10,"I love AFI and Sing the Sorrow is one of their greatest CD's!!!!!!!!!! I love every song on it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Sep 23, 2003"
10,"This has to be the best CD that they have ever put out. They havent forgotten there roots of hardcore and have adapted some really awesome sounds. My favourite since Black Sails In The Sunset.",0,0,"Sep 24, 2003"
10,"afi sing the sorrow is the best cd thes guys are great sing the sarrow is the best cd on the marrcit and i would by it any day.i love afi and im going to see them in concert. afi rocks",0,0,"Sep 30, 2003"
10,"I never heard of AFI before MTV2 played it and i didn't pay much attention until i just started humming it, and couldn't get it outta my head, Loved the album",0,0,"Sep  9, 2003"
10,"AFI is worty of more than a 10!!! AFI's music brings out the best in Rock!!!!",0,0,"Feb 14, 2004"
10,"greatest Cd ever",0,0,"Feb 18, 2004"
10,"this is the best cd in the world but i cant find the lyrics to the songs on the internet i wish i could find them",0,0,"Feb 27, 2004"
10,"I love this album it is the best..i just cant find any lyrics for it :( thats ok having the cd is better ! AFI ROCKS!!!!",0,0,"Apr 12, 2004"
10,"Found it an excellent album. Very enjoyable and unpredictable.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2004"
8,"I love old and new AFI about equally, but to be honest, this really isn't their best album. I enjoyed it, for the most part, but really I only found myself coming back to a few tracks. I'd recommend 'The Art of Drowning' or 'Answer That and Stay Fashionable' as your first CD, and for long-time fans, I'd recommend picking this up just because it's got some cool stuff on it.",0,0,"Aug 18, 2004"
10,"perfection is in sight for AFI. Sing the Sorrow is definately up to par with their past works (if not better)",0,0,"Jan  9, 2005"
10,"Great Album!!!! Can't stop playing it!",0,0,"Apr  6, 2005"
10,"the best punk band ever",0,0,"May 25, 2005"
10,"What this record shows is that this band has gotten to the point they wanted to in there careers although many have said they sold out my opinion is whats wrong with wanting to be heard after all Blink 182,the Offspring And Green Day etc all did it and i believe progression is good because it's that or fading away",0,0,"Jun  7, 2005"
9,"Who are they? - Califorinain hardcore punk rock band. Any good? - Oh yes. There isn't a true shocker on the album, all listenable. Must hear. - Death Of Seasons is a really shouty, aggressive song, but is one of the highlights of Sing the Sorrow. My personal favourite. For fans of. -",0,0,"Dec  7, 2006"
9,"silver and cold, the leaving song part I, dancing trough sunday and synesthesia are completly amazing. This is AFI greatest albumI",0,0,"Dec  8, 2006"
10,"In a word 'brilliant'. This Celluloid Dream and Paper Airplanes are personal favourites and were the two songs that got me hooked to AFI's music. December Underground was slightly disappointing but this album is pure genius.",0,0,"Mar  7, 2007"
10,"Hands down, the best album ever made. Its epic, grandeous, deep, and has everything an album needs. A heroic opener, fast upbeat songs, just enough/not overdone screaming, slow sad songs, punk songs, and every kind of song you need on an album. Davey's lyrics are amazing, with words ive never even heard heard of in every song, and his vocals hit places that make you want to melt. Hands down, the guy is a genius. Jade's guitar is flat out incredible, and it blends extremely well with Hunter's intricate basslines. I could go on and on and on but honestly, this is the most amazing album i have ever listened to and for all those old school AFI fans that hate musical maturity and progression, let go- grow up. 11/10 if i could.",0,0,"Jan 18, 2008"
10,"An album full of songs that will leve you wanting for more. The lyrics of these songs are dark and mysterious. Davey H's voice is AWES0ME.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2008"
10,"An intricate album that manages to captivate even the unknown listner through its use of dark and melodic tones that propel the sound exerted from Hunter's, Adam's and Jade's instruments. In terms of Havok's vocal ability, this is definitely his magnum opus in regard to him exerting power. 10/10 in every regard.",0,0,"Apr 27, 2009"
10,"i just got into rock and i like this album alot.fuck what others say about A.F.I. i like their music.",0,0,"Dec 16, 2003"
10,"This is a great AFI cd, personally I like there older stuff better since I do have all of there cds. But this stuff is new and fresh and im still lovin AFI",0,0,"Mar 19, 2003"
10,"i loved it just like i love all of their stuff~!!! AFI rockz",0,0,"Mar 22, 2003"
10,"This album is amazing. One of the best ones yet.",0,0,"Mar 31, 2003"
8,"This is a good album but after Days of the Pheonix, AFI can't do much better. That last record just blows everything out of the water. Sing the Sorrow is a good rock album, so if your looking for punk look somewhere else. Nick 13 (Tiger Army) does a good job on it though.",0,0,"Mar 31, 2003"
10,"AFI-Sing The Sorrow is the best CD in store right NOW..",0,0,"Apr 11, 2003"
10,"fucking rips",0,0,"Apr 11, 2003"
10,"Awesome! best cd I've ever herd in my life.",3,3,"Feb  7, 2008"
10,"This is a great album. You can tell that they have matured from there past albums. It still has a little pop-punk feel to it, but it is a lot more hardcore. This is the only pop-punk band that I enjoy, and this is my favorite album by them. It is worth a listen to if you enjoy Punk/pop-punk.",1,1,"May 25, 2007"
4,"its a horrible album. this kind of 'pop-punk' shouldnt exist.",0,2,"Aug 29, 2006"
4,"Actually pretty dissapointed with this one. Sum 41 just hardcore sold out. Yeah they blow now. Some good songs but over all i'm dissapointed with Sum 41 and their CD",0,1,"Dec  5, 2002"
10,"It's totally cool. One of the best SUM*41 albums for me.... Waiting for an 'underclass hero'... ^^ :D",0,0,"May  3, 2007"
6,"Some metal songs. But does Sum 41 even know what they're representing or trying to stand for? I think not. Their lyrics are immature, confusing and contradictory.",0,0,"Dec 20, 2002"
10,"I think this cd is awsome. Its got everything, punk, craziness and kick arse punch lines. Does this look infected is definatly better that the last 2 albums, all killer no filler and half hour of power",0,0,"Feb 15, 2003"
10,"Sum 41 is the best band i have ever listened to! I have seen them twice in concert and both times they blew me away. Their music is so different from whats out there. They are talented and kick ass! This is my favorite cd of all time... If i could i'd give it a 20",0,0,"Jun  8, 2003"
10,"By far the best sum 41 album to date",0,0,"Jan  2, 2007"
10,"Tops the first cd by a lot",0,0,"Jan  1, 2003"
9,"not as good as all killer no filler but still great!",0,0,"Jan  2, 2003"
10,"Its a really great album, Despite what other people think.",0,0,"Feb 15, 2003"
9,"I love Sum 41! I've been looking to an alternative to the MTV rap/pop/wannabepunk Avril Lavinge crap that's been floating around since the fall of the boy bands. This is a great cd. It's hard to tell one song form another though. Ya gotta love 'em though!",0,0,"Mar  2, 2003"
10,"i think this CD was kick *** and all you people that think it is a bad CD you need to think agin!!!",0,0,"Mar 23, 2003"
10,"Kick ass",0,0,"Mar  5, 2003"
9,"it's awesome! i love it!",0,0,"Mar  5, 2003"
6,"First time that i heard it, i got disappointed, but after a second hearing, i just realized that it`s better than AKNF, with the raw aingst of HHOP. I like it, Still waiting is now on my list of favourite songs, but they could do better than this, if they would grow balls and let go the pop punkrock. it would be a shame to see the talent that they waisted in that path. I just have to say that i`m just waiting for the next album.",0,0,"Apr  1, 2003"
10,"This is the best album",0,0,"Apr  2, 2003"
10,"this is good music .enough said.",0,0,"May 14, 2003"
10,"this album deserves more than a 10 outta 10. put it that way. sum 41 rock!",0,0,"May 23, 2003"
10,"this is the best album i never stop listening to it it kicks a**",0,0,"May 30, 2003"
10,"sum 41 is my favorite band, and only the very best band get that far",0,0,"Jul 23, 2003"
10,"sounds just as good live as on the cd- a true sign of a sick new skool punk band......",0,0,"Aug 11, 2003"
10,"I loved this cd!!!!!!!!!! The songs are well played and they're great singers too!",0,0,"Feb 23, 2004"
10,"too bad the highest rating is 10! i'd give it 1,000,000,000!",0,0,"May 20, 2004"
6,"Its an okay album, but I kind of find it boring. I dont think they worked very hard at it, and I think half of the reason their popular, is not because of their music, but the punk image.",0,0,"Jul  1, 2004"
10,"bleedy great",0,0,"Sep  9, 2004"
10,"This cd was really awesome. I couldn't stop listening to it for weeks. I think this beats any of there other cd's.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2006"
10,"By far Sum 41's best album yet. I don't think it deserves the parental adviory sticker!!",0,0,"Dec  8, 2002"
10,"I love this album! In my opinion the only song on there that deserves the parential advisory is A.N.I.C (track 5). I highly recomend it.",0,0,"Jan  1, 2003"
8,"hot stuff. sum41 rock",0,0,"Jan 14, 2003"
8,"i love them they know how to rock and their concerts are of da hook, i say they deserve",0,0,"Jan  5, 2003"
10,"sum 41's new cd does this look infected is the best on out with a heavier feel it really rocks you. the songs are better and deeper with more meaning than their past cd's Sum 41 gives more of a variety than most punk bands out there the songs are catchy with wonderful courses that you will have stuck in your head for hours if your a rock/punk-rock/punk-pop lover this cd is worth every penny even if your not it's a must get!!! Sum 41 is getting better and better as the year go on!",0,0,"Jan  7, 2003"
10,"This is a very well put together cd. Also hard for some people to catch hold of.Because of the Parental Advisory,Some kids have to get the edited version which has no dvd bonus.I myself do not think the cd deseved a parental advisory.In other words Pure magic",0,0,"Feb 14, 2003"
10,"This is awesome..i love it..its harder then their last cd..and its great..if anyone else doesn't like it..then well F**K OFF!!!",0,0,"Feb 19, 2003"
10,"kick ass album anybody that doesn't like it sucks",0,0,"Feb 21, 2003"
10,"i luv the sum 41 cd it is so great! i think i like it because deryck is singing in it i luv him! well keep up the good work guys ru doin great!",0,0,"Mar 12, 2003"
10,"i dont see why anonomus gave it a 0 sum 41 is the best group eva! i luv this album. ive listened to it 4 the umpteenth time. this is thier best work so far if they write another great album ill give it another 10! i luv u guyz keep writing.",0,0,"Mar 13, 2003"
10,"This is a c.d that u will get hocked on.....and get the songs stuck in ur head...4ever!!!!!!!!",0,0,"Mar 14, 2003"
10,"it is the best",0,0,"Mar 29, 2003"
10,"By far this is the best album to come out since the old Sum 41. All u dumb idoits who hate punk rock or even rock u are missing out badly.",0,0,"Mar  6, 2003"
10,"This cd kicks ass!",0,0,"Mar  9, 2003"
10,"it is a really good album and i also think its their best yet.",0,0,"Apr 19, 2003"
10,"this is a really good alblum",0,0,"Apr 21, 2003"
10,"Best CD in the entire world; 'All Killer No Filler' and 'Chuck' are also damn good, but 'Does This Look Infected?' has just the best music there is.",0,0,"Apr  4, 2005"
10,"Awsum CD. These guys know what their doing.",0,0,"Sep 23, 2005"
7,"its ok, but all killer no filler was like 10 times better",0,0,"Dec 19, 2002"
10,"its absolutely awesome",0,0,"Dec  3, 2002"
10,"it was so cool. it was their best album yet.",0,0,"Dec 30, 2002"
8,"This album rocks. And i mean ROCKS!! They finally made the decision, to go from punk-pop....to PUNK-ROCK! most people think this is the right move, and i do too. but, it would'nt have hurt to put some punk-pop on the album, nonetheless, it KICKS ASS. And anyone who rated this cd and said, quote 'its just the usual ignorant punk-pop crap!', obviously havent listened to it. Go SUM!!",0,0,"Feb 12, 2003"
10,"this cd is awesome i love it and i listen to it all the time!",0,0,"Mar 28, 2003"
10,"ass ass ass",0,0,"May 14, 2003"
9,"Does This Look Infected brings me mixed feelings. While this' on its own is a great CD, and one I bought personally, it is not the follow-up for All Killer No Filler that I would have hoped for when I carried it out the door. But with track like My Direction and Still Waiting, this CD did secure SUM-41 as my favorite band of all time.",0,0,"Jul 18, 2003"
10,"this is the best cd i have ever listen to, the other cds were cool but this is the best out of the lot",0,0,"Jul 29, 2003"
9,"No comment, just plain good!",0,0,"Mar 18, 2004"
10,"this is a great album. its full of sweet as5 music. go track 6!",0,0,"Jan 18, 2005"
9,"A fast, funny and enjoyable album that was another taste of what Sum 41 found on 'All Killer, No Filler' which was their best album. This album doesn't quite come to that level, but it's close, and gets better with age and repeat listens.",0,0,"Jan 20, 2012"
10,"This album is incredible from start to finish. Pure desperate energy and desperate urgency. Sum 41 is a very underrated band  but this album is proof that they are masters of their craft.",0,0,"Nov 26, 2013"
8,"It's a great album. But I think that All Killer, No Filler is better than this album, some lyrics in songs are immature and a song titled A.N.I.C shouldn't be added to this album.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2013"
10,"This album stays with what made Bad Religion great, and it makes it better. If you don't like this CD you don't know your music.",0,0,"Feb  2, 2002"
10,"This is the best CD since 'Suffer'. It is easily the best one yet if you know BR.",0,0,"Feb  8, 2002"
10,"Bad Religion is at it's best. Lyrics have meaning now.",0,0,"Mar 21, 2002"
10,"Simply inconceivable, and brilliant",0,0,"May 30, 2002"
10,"Bad Religion again proves themselves to be the most intelligent, thought-provoking, and melodic band out there. Buy this cd if you're sick of ear-candy.",0,0,"Feb 22, 2002"
10,"One word... Saweet. I just recently got this cd and its one of, if not the best punk albums ive ever listined to. They actually get me thinking about things that have never really crossed my mind before while providing awesome lyrics. I think that dudes voice is awesome, he just never seems to get mad about anything or atleast he doesnt sound like it.",0,0,"Oct 22, 2004"
10,"What a comeback album with Brett Gurewitz back in the lineup. Lyrically this is a very strong album of Bad Religion which is saying quite a bit since most things related to this band is truly classical when it comes to song writing abilities of Greg Graffin and Mr. Brett. Stand out tracks on this album are: Epiphany,Evangeline, Sorrow and Bored & Extremely Dangerous. I would go as far as to say, that this album is quite comparable to Bad Religion's classic 1988 released Suffer album.",0,0,"Oct 29, 2010"
10,"Amy Ray is not just the Indigo Girls rocker. Amy Ray is part of the punk aesthetic and is not about to sit back and watch the world go by. This album is full of angry rockers and gender themes. It's a great one!",0,0,"May 16, 2001"
9,"I'm having a hard time putting this CD down. The pre-release buzz was that this album would have more punk rock influences than what you might expect from one half of Indigo Girls, so I wasn't as taken aback as I might have been had I not known that. Still, in its essence, it feels like what it is -- an IG album without Emily's influence. Lots of tracks like 'Compromise' and 'Sister' from Come On Now Social, but a number of others that extend even further. Not a single dud on the whole album. Only reason I can't give it a '10' is it's only 35 minutes long. A little short for my tastes. But then again, there's no deadweight either.",0,0,"Jun 19, 2001"
10,"This is one of my favorite rock albums. It's utterly amazing. The vocals are some of the best I've ever heard and the musicianship is incredible. 'Pattern Against User' is one of my favorite songs of all time. All In All, One of my favorite albums. A",1,1,"Dec 15, 2010"
10,"Arguably one of the most important post-hardcore albums in the history of the genre. What Bixler, Rodriguez and Co accomplished here is a true triumph. They managed to make an album that was accessible enough to bring people into the fold of post-hardcore, while still maintaining credibility among the stalwart fans of the genre through urgency, songwriting prowess and phenomenal instrumentation. Even Bixler's voice, that initially might take some getting used to, quickly becomes one of the best parts of this breathtaking album after a few listens.",1,1,"Aug 21, 2012"
7,"A good enough album, but somehow it pales in comparison to the musical masterpiece that is De-Loused In The Comatorium by The Mars Volta. However, you can certainly hear some of Cedric and Omar's brilliance in this album, and it is an album I quite happily play on a regular basis.",0,1,"Sep 23, 2004"
5,"Mindless screaming is not music. One Armed Scissor is great, and that's about it. Sounds about as revolutionary as the last sh*t I took. Thank God for the break up because The Mars Volta is 100x better.",0,4,"Nov 24, 2005"
10,"This is one of the best albums I've gotten my hands on! It's emotional, raw, and haunting at times. That's good music!",0,0,"Jan  1, 2002"
10,"Give it a couple listens, but eventually you will appreciate this amazing album. Intense abrasive vocals and atypical riffs scare away most, but if you give this album a chance you will fall in love with it. Full of great themes and compelling, superb music. Why did they break up???????????",0,0,"Mar  5, 2005"
10,"GREATEST emocore cd off alltime? Ohhhhhh i think so",0,0,"Sep  3, 2005"
10,"This album has changed the way I look at music, it has changed the way I play the bass, and it has changed the way I write. Everysong on this album is just as good as the next, if not better.",0,0,"Oct  7, 2002"
10,"In a time when most punk is pop ripoff, these guys are indeed the cheese who stand alone. Get this and their other CD in/casio/out (ALSO A 10) for a reason to love music again.",0,0,"Apr 18, 2002"
10,"One of the best albums I have ever heard. It sounds better every time I listen. AMAZING. ATDI are true artists.",0,0,"Aug 10, 2002"
10,"Truly stunning, a brilliant mixture of unpredicatability and vocal chord strain. Greta Afros too",0,0,"Aug 31, 2002"
10,"Abosoluty the best cd of all time and the greatest band that will ever form.",0,0,"Nov 20, 2003"
10,"This cd is absolutley captivating, unlike many cd's these days. It has contrast from start to finish. I didn't find myself listening to the single the whole time because the whole rest of the cd was there. I became addicted the 'Cosmonaut'. Too bad they're not around anymore, but the good new's is that theres 2 new bands. The Mars Volta, and Sparta. I wouldn't call At the Drive-In 'emo' just good music",0,0,"Mar  2, 2003"
10,"bad ass cd!",0,0,"Sep  6, 2003"
10,"Top marks dude! Omar & Cedric just make this album totally special, one of my fave albums!",0,0,"Oct 15, 2004"
10,"From the very opening track 'arcarsenal' you just know this album is different to all the others in its genre. The anger merged with beauty combo from 'arcarsenal' continues throughout the album, with the fantasic 'one armed scissor' and the quite unbelieveable 'cosmonaut'. Unlike Cedric's new band, The Mars Volta, there's less emotional drive to the album, but it still comes up with the very moving 'Invalid Litter Dept.' - a song written about the treatment of mexican women and how the police and media don't really care. I'd say my personal favourite track is 'Pattern Against User' a strange choice but its a song i find myself singing to myself most of the time. If ever an album deserved 10/10, this one gets it. A marvellous record, and it gives an insight into the genius that was, At The Drive-In.",0,0,"Jan 10, 2004"
10,"Truly fantastic album...band reminds me of Disaster Strikes, probably the greatest anarcho-punk band.",0,0,"Jun  2, 2004"
10,"this is truly a remarkable album. These guys are really just an amazing band. PLEASE if you haven't heard atdi you must, must, must get this cd. If you have heard them then i already know you have this cd.",0,0,"Jul 10, 2004"
10,"a perfect album",0,0,"Aug 18, 2004"
10,"This is my favorite CD. Ever. At the Drive-In is amazing.",0,0,"Sep 10, 2004"
10,"Fantastic!! pattern against user is one of the best songs ive ever herd that hasn't been released!!",0,0,"Sep 23, 2004"
9,"Maybe a little more variety would perfect the album, but it's undoubtedly irreplacable in style and sound. In a way, the forced restriction of Omar/Cedric's meandering impulses makes it work; TMV are fantastic in their own right, but here the restriction makes the songs' seams burst with fury and ideas. A one-off classic, effortlessly surpassing the worthless post-genre-core-wave movements since.",0,0,"Feb 10, 2005"
8,"Excellent album; a little uneven and certainly overshadowed by TMV, but a little rawer and more punkish.",0,0,"Mar  3, 2005"
10,"Probably one of the greatest rock albums ever recorded, in my opinion.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2006"
10,"Definatelyone of the greatest almbums. a shame they had to break-up. Sparta just doesn't have the passion that they did.",0,0,"Jul  2, 2006"
9,"Surprised the Metacritic score isn't higher.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2007"
10,"Superb, utterly flawless album. One of the most important steps in the evolution of rock music. Probably one of the biggest dissapointments of my life that they couldn't put together another two albums before breaking up. Pity Mars Volta sucks so much ass.",0,0,"Feb 20, 2007"
10,"One of the last bands that had something to say and the music was un-edged as if fighting for it life to be played",0,0,"Apr 27, 2009"
10,"A hard-hitting tribute to aggressive intelligence, At The Drive-In offers the world a chance to see what happens when the smart, productive man gets ahold of anger. Lyrically quizzical, ('Soft white glow in the cranium, a bull's eye makes sedated') ?, and musically complex, Relationship of Command is just that; a connection with it's point passion and drive wedged between this band and it's listeners. There is still hope for Rock music; ATDI proves it.",0,0,"Nov 19, 2002"
10,"masterfully detailed, futuristic, subtle and intense, cryptic",0,0,"Mar 20, 2002"
10,"A fantastic emotional rollercoaster of an album. A classic.",0,0,"Jun 25, 2002"
10,"Outstanding. The more I listen to it the more I like it. And Iggy Pop is god.",0,0,"Sep 24, 2002"
10,"Walking out of the dark woods...i see a light in the distance...that light is my guide...that light is my hope...that light is my future...that light is...AT THE DRIVE IN!",0,0,"Sep 27, 2002"
10,"This album makes me proud to be a native of the state of Texas (Since the band came from El Paso). It's pretty refreshing to hear a different vibe of music with unbelieve creativity and futuristic visions of what rock can be if you follow you're own pathway in the music business. I've learned so much form 'Relationship Of Command'. I don't like the fact that the band split in to 2 groups but that's just more room for them to create great music. Hopefully there will be another at the drive-in down the road in our future. At the Drive-In are my favorite group of all-time!!!!",0,0,"Sep 24, 2003"
10,"This is probably the most intense album in the history of music. It's fucking excellent.",0,0,"Sep 25, 2003"
10,"It really is just too good. Honestly, I'm suprised it ever caught on, this just seems like a band that should go over everybody's head.",0,0,"Nov  1, 2004"
10,"Perfect, the brilliance that made The Mars Volta applied to a more standard 'rock band' format creates a individual and interesting sound that hold the raw aggression missing in TMV. One of my favorite albums of all time.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2004"
8,"its an 8 for the simple fact that Deloused In The Comatorium just overshadows it in musical capabilities of Omar and Cedric. The thoughts going through the minds of those two due glimmer in this album, but dont blossum until DITC.",0,0,"Dec  7, 2004"
10,"this cd is awesome! much better than the others it sucks ATDI borke up but the mars volta are fuckin awesome so its cool",0,0,"Oct  4, 2004"
10,"If I could give it an 11 or 12 I would. Heck I would probably gie it a ! Million out of 10 if that was possible. There is just not enough one can say about the greatness of this band and of this CD. They have little moments of subtlty that really help out when it gets to the energized areas of the songs. This is an album that I can sit down and listen to and never get bored with the songs. Everytime I listen I can almost feel ATDI's energy being driven into me through my headphones, making me want to yell, kick, scream, and break things. An utterly and completely beautiful album that, in my opinion, will be remembered as a classic in years to come.",0,0,"Jun 18, 2004"
10,"My all time favourite driving CD. After more than 3 years, I still love this album.",0,0,"Aug 17, 2004"
10,"Fantastic.",0,0,"Aug  6, 2004"
10,"At the Drive in is not EMo! Its art rock!",0,0,"Oct 11, 2005"
10,"I was introduced to this by my 17 year old son yesterday. I am 50 I amtotally totally blown away by it. IT IS A MASTERPIECE. I am lost for words. IMPOSSIBLE TO OVERSTATE HOW BRILLIANT THIS ALBUM IS.",0,0,"Oct 16, 2005"
10,"Great, great album. I discovered this album after listening to TMV for a while. Its so amazing to see how Omar and Cedric have evolved so greatly as musicians in between this one and Deloused. Two very distinct sounds, but both great. I wish that Relationship could've had some greater variety though. As mentioned earlier, the vocals may turn some people off, but everything as a whole on Relationship is pure genius.",0,0,"Mar 23, 2005"
9,"It is unwise to compare this album to Mars Volta, because they are two TOTALLY different bands! Thus the reason for the split... With that out of the way... This album is one I pop into the CD player and thoroughly enjoy from start to finish. Great teeth grinding rock that captures something that most rock bands haven't even heard of. That rare working combination of rawness, sing-song, and oddity. I was sad when they broke up, but out of that came Mars Volta which kicks unspeakable @$$. And ATDI left on the best note possible, Relationship of Command, which will be recognized, when we are old farts, as the best punk album of the turn of the milennium.",0,0,"Jun 21, 2005"
10,"Underrated upon release and a thousand times more soulful than anything TMV will ever produce. When Cedric goes insane and screams 'CHIKALALAKILAKAYAYAYAYA!!!!' after that intense buildup on Cosmonaut... just wow.",0,0,"Aug  2, 2005"
10,"This album is just brilliant one of the best albums i've ever heard, and 'invalid litter dept' is just magnificent",0,0,"Aug 25, 2005"
10,"After hearing Relationship Of Command, I now compare all similar music I hear to At The Drive-In. There's absolutely no filler here, though it could use a little more variety. Seriously, though, this album changed how I see music. I'm afraid I can't wish they hadn't split up--TMV is one of my favorite all time bands. oh, and i agree with Bobby-'CHIKALALAKILAKAYAYAYAYA!!!!' is my favorite moment on the album.",0,0,"Sep  1, 2005"
10,"Easily one of my favorite albums ever. The low rating on here is sad indeed.",0,0,"Jun  2, 2006"
9,"ATDI's murderous assaults prove that rock can be angry and edgy while also maintaining intelligence. Soulful, scary, unpredictable, one of 2000's greatest triumphs.",0,0,"Jan 16, 2002"
10,"this is a pretty incredible CD full of depth. every track is better than the next. amazing.",0,0,"Jun 28, 2003"
10,"Great album. the absolute pinnacle of rock. But, In/Casino/Out is better.",0,0,"Oct 14, 2004"
10,"this album is one of the best i have ever heard. I heard it on a school coach trip around europe and its no exaggeration to say that it changed my life. And whoever thinks that the mars volta are better, they obviously aren't listening to the same record. Deloused is completely pretentious and has about 3 good songs. All of At the drive-ins albums, including the underated acrobatic tenement are far, far better than deloused...",0,0,"Dec 14, 2004"
10,"I give this a 10 out of 10 because this is probably their best Album ever",0,0,"Dec 29, 2004"
10,"shit yea",0,0,"Jul 13, 2004"
8,"Who in the blue hell are AFI, the Used, Dashboard Confessional, Story of the Year and Taking Back Sunday? What nerve these posers have even thinking they could match up to the God's of all things emo. If Coachella doesn't get these guys back together soon than there's no way they can consider themselves groundbreaking.",0,0,"Nov  8, 2005"
10,"From the ashes of At The Drive-In have come an excellent band (Sparta) and an otherwordly mindfuck of latin/prog bombast (Mars Volta). Not bad. How good is Relationship of Command? At it's best, it's fucking incredible. At its worst, RoC wipes its ass with any other emo-core pretender that dares to sit in the same room with these guys. If you've never heard a prog/punk band, you're not alone -- it doesn't exist. But the closest thing to it is ATDI, the most important band of the last ten years.",0,0,"Jan 31, 2005"
10,"Awsome and better than The Mars Volta, sucks that they stopped being at the drive in.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2005"
10,"Best album Ive ever heard.Full Stop",0,0,"Nov 12, 2006"
10,"The best hardcore album ever recorded. you just need to listen to it a couple times to understand. and im sad and happy that atdi broke up cause The Mars Volta are mind bobbling.",0,0,"Aug 19, 2006"
10,"What an album. What a band.",0,0,"Apr 22, 2007"
9,"A  punk/rock record that'll kick your teeth in. This is just a great LP from the boys down in Austin. Understandably the precursor to Mars Volta's De-loused In the Comatorium. I can't recommend this enough.",0,0,"Sep 28, 2011"
10,"Relationship of Command, At the Drive-In's last album, is by far their best. It's heavier, it's melodies and bass/guitar riffs are incredible, the musical variety is brilliant, and Cedric's voice is a lot better than in previous albums. Furthermore; it's got unrelenting musicality, and the guitar, bass and drums blend exceptionally, creating a rocking crescendo of mad noise, worked into an unbelievably awesome composition: with Cedric screaming over the top of it all, it meshes into the perfect punk rock music.
However, their are a few minor things that I didn't particularly like; for instance, the background singing and some of Cedric's singing is still out of tune. But, while I wrote that, I heard an incomprehensibly awesome part of 'Invalid Litter Department' (probably the best song on the album), so don't take those criticisms seriously, because I was just completely awesomed out.
Another note is that the band members clearly have a sense of humor, and have probably taken lots of drugs; this adds to the hypnagogic and mad feel to the album.
The album is improved by the progression and the relentlessness of it; it's like if you got past At the Drive-In and mixed it with The Mars Volta and August Burns Red.
The surreality of the album, the perfect length of it and the memorability of the album make Relationship of Command a punk rock masterpiece (in it's own right as good as The Mars Volta's 'De-Loused in the Comatorium').
So I give it a 9.8/10. One of the best albums I've ever heard.
P.S. The best songs are 'Mannequin Republic' and 'Invalid Letter Department' (as I mentioned).",0,0,"Sep 11, 2014"
10,"This is one of my favorite records of all time. In my top ten at least. One of the most energetic and forward-looking recordings to ever see daylight. While The Mars Volta was a good band, none of their albums will ever reach this level of excitement and intensity.",0,0,"Mar  4, 2013"
9,"This is a great album. Rancid is a great band. All these very harsh criticism towards the band is unjust. Some people just dont understand punk. This album is very hardcore. I loved it.",0,0,"Oct  5, 2001"
10,"N?ez jako svin? jedno z jejich nejlep",0,0,"Oct 30, 2005"
10,"fuck ya",0,0,"Mar 16, 2005"
8,"A very solid punk-pop release from Rancid. It moves away from their older releases, which tend to be more along the lines of third wave ska. This album strips nearly all of the ska influences and takes power pop melodies and blends it with the short-fast rules of American hardcore punk acts like Minor Threat. Overall, while it is different from their older stuff, there's no denying that this is definitely the most aggressive, as well as most political, release of their career. Highly recommended.",0,0,"Mar 22, 2007"
10,"The best punk album, EVER.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2001"
10,"I think that it's not as good as the first one but I would rate the first one at an 11 so there you have it.",0,0,"Aug 20, 2001"
10,"This album is the Fucking Shit!",0,0,"Nov 26, 2002"
10,"It's the hardest, roughest and best cd I've heard in a long time!!",0,0,"Jul  1, 2002"
10,"Rancid is Rancid. No one can take that away. You've got to look at the whole picture. Critics should go make their own albums.",0,0,"Mar 16, 2003"
9,"Rancid kicks ass",0,0,"Sep  6, 2003"
10,"This CD is the shit. They are so down to earth and I love Lars he is so sweet",0,0,"May  4, 2004"
10,"Rancid is one of the best punk bands out there and i just want to say keep up the good and stay punk. Dont go over to gay ass rock like other bands do. Stay cool Rancid",0,0,"Jan  2, 2005"
10,"fucken rocks",0,0,"Mar  1, 2006"
9,"I love this cd. It i so cool!!!!",0,0,"Nov  8, 2001"
10,"Lars, Tim, Brett, and Matt from Rancid are the gods of punk. Without the amazing bass playing of Matt, the fast beats of Brett, vocals and guitar from Lars and Tim, Rancid, of course would be nothing. Best of luck always and get out to do a European tour!!!!!!!!1",0,0,"Dec  7, 2001"
10,"I am in awe... beautiful",0,0,"Dec  7, 2001"
10,"The greatest album ever recorded",0,0,"Jul 13, 2001"
10,"This is an awesome album! Probably one of Rancid's most hardcore ones and I love it. I think they have finally moved out of the ska scene and into what is right!",0,0,"Sep 14, 2001"
10,"I understand why the critics write as they do, but it's sad they can't see the error in their ways. There is no way possible they have listened to it enough to actually comprehend what Rancid speaks of. Please do not use ska and comedy in the same sentnce. Life Won't wait was an incredible album. Rancid is Rancid.",0,0,"Jun  9, 2002"
10,"FUCK THE CRITICS RANCID = GOD!",0,0,"Apr 28, 2003"
10,"This CD is the shit. They are so down to earth and I love Lars he is so sweet",0,0,"May  4, 2004"
10,"Rancid is the best punk band. I am mad about them. So I gave them 10. I would like to see them in my city",0,0,"Dec 26, 2005"
10,"Rancid is one of the backbone bands of punk and hardcore as the casulties, agnostic front(nyc hardcore)since the begining and still are",0,0,"Oct 13, 2001"
10,"I love this CD!I have benn listening to Rancid for a long time now.I have all their CDs.This was one of the best one's of them all.They could of put a little bit of Ska in there but it is what Punk is and Wht Punk should be.Oh and if you like this Band you sould check out Lars Fredeiksen and The Bastards!",0,0,"Dec 26, 2001"
10,"This is by far the best CD Rancid has released. It is far better than Life Won't Wait.",0,0,"Aug 19, 2001"
10,"All the reviews do this album little justice. Rancid has never recieved justice in reviews because noone actually knows what Rancid was trying to do, they just think they do. As far as the music, Rancid is great music. This record is great. Don't try to compare it to anything or anybody else, because then you are just anoter critic. Leave the criticism to the band.",0,0,"Sep 27, 2001"
10,"All the reviews do this album little justice. Rancid has never recieved justice in reviews because noone actually knows what Rancid was trying to do, they just think they do. As far as the music, Rancid is great music. This record is great. Don't try to compare it to anything or anybody else, because then you are just anoter critic. Leave the criticism to the band.",0,0,"Sep 27, 2001"
10,"fucking good!!!",0,0,"Jan 29, 2005"
10,"Based simply on pure listening enjoyment, Rancid is the best punk band ever and this is their hardest shit.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2006"
7,"I absolutely love this band, however I think this record is a little disappointing after 1998's great 'Life Won't Wait.' I do understand the thought process in going back to their hardcore punk roots because of the criticism from their fans.",0,0,"Aug 15, 2011"
