PopMatters,80,"Amazingly, this all hangs together brilliantly to form a restless, thoughtful and constantly engaging collection that deserves to be heard by many."
The Guardian,80,"Bowles apples his clawhammer style to reverberating experiments. [Oct 2016, p.100]"
Exclaim,80,"His style is scraggly yet sophisticated, ranging boldly from country drones to rambunctious rural ragas. [Oct 2016, p.26]"
AllMusic,80,"Whole & Cloven draws the listener in with each tune, but the shift to the next song is always a jarring one. That jarring works, though, shaking you back to attention, only to lead you down a new musical alley."
Mojo,80,"Even at its densest, Whole and Cloven, the third solo record for Bowles, sounds almost desultory, a great credit to his compositional approach."
Exclaim,75,"Its not his most revelatory performance, but its certainly his most joyful."

Mojo,80,"Amazingly, this all hangs together brilliantly to form a restless, thoughtful and constantly engaging collection that deserves to be heard by many."
The Observer (UK),80,"Bowles apples his clawhammer style to reverberating experiments. [Oct 2016, p.100]"
Uncut,80,"His style is scraggly yet sophisticated, ranging boldly from country drones to rambunctious rural ragas. [Oct 2016, p.26]"
AllMusic,80,"Whole & Cloven draws the listener in with each tune, but the shift to the next song is always a jarring one. That jarring works, though, shaking you back to attention, only to lead you down a new musical alley."
AllMusic,80,"Even at its densest, Whole and Cloven, the third solo record for Bowles, sounds almost desultory, a great credit to his compositional approach."
Mojo,75,"Its not his most revelatory performance, but its certainly his most joyful."
Uncut,80,"We Move is warm, slick and modernist. [Oct 2016, p.96]"
The Guardian,80,"It's said to be his rawest grapple yet with anxiety, but it's full of lush, buoyant pop songs."
Mojo,73,"The ideas are articulated much more distinctly than on past recordings, bringing added significance to the gorgeous compositions."
AllMusic,70,"It's an assured and heartfelt work built carefully around McMorrow's falsetto vocals. [Oct 2016, p.35]"
The Guardian,60,"In a genre based on repetition, standout moments are critical, and We Move provides too few of them to be impactful. But when they show up, the results are stunning."

The Observer (UK),90,"The performances are spellbinding."
PopMatters,89,"Accompanied by piano, ex-Ulver shredder Hvard, and the Norwegian Girls' Choir, the now-New Yorker strips away intricate instrumental passages and dramatic flourish in favor of direct, oft-soaring communication. ... Brutal beauty."
Uncut,70,"Aside from a new perspective on Myrkurs music, Mausoleum provides a welcome diversion from the general praxis of live albums as we know them."
Record Collector,70,"Mausoleum is a rare recording in that its appeal is vast."

Mojo,80,"The Bird & the Rifle is her 10th studio album in 17 years, and her most finely focused."
Uncut,80,"It's another extremely strong effort for McKenna, whose growing catalog is already known for its quality."
PopMatters,80,"The sound conjures the Seventies singer-songwriter heyday, and McKenna's storytelling is indelible."
Tiny Mix Tapes,76,"McKenna has a remarkable facility for conveying the inner lives of women trapped in soured relationships; that may not be an easy sell for the conservative playlists of country radio, but it makes for one of the most accomplished and devastating singer-songwriter albums of the year."

Pitchfork,80,"The songwriting on Born of the Sun is wider and more focused; the performances and warm production are much more immediate. Combined, they offer the most 'accessible' offering in Faun Fables' catalog (relatively speaking), thus adding a new dimension to an already compelling, complex musical persona."
Clash Music,70,"Faun Fables sound more shamanistic than ever. [Sep 2016, p.74]"
PopMatters,60,"The songs have a somber, ambient feel, even on tunes with uplifting subjects. [No. 134, p.57]"
Mojo,50,"Despite her great pipes however, the band's arrangements make much of Born of the Sun feel like amateur hour at Medieval Times. A talented producer would be able to focus on McCarthy's strong voice and balance some of the band's more freewheeling tendencies."
Exclaim,40,"With songs about mountain men and sentient country houses, its like a more pompous (and crucially) humourless version of The Incredible String Band built around flutes, celesta and caterwauling: okay in very small doses, but unbearable at album length."
Pitchfork,40,"Despite the off-the-beaten-track ethos, this ends up sounding rather pedestrian--there are shades of Stevie Nicks mystical crooning, but there is also yodelling and the sort of cacophonous jamming thats only ever the slightest bit enjoyable if youre holding one of the instruments."

Uncut,80,"All in all, You Got Me Singing is wonderfully curated and beautifully executed, with just the right amount of imprecision in the pretty-much simultaneity of when the two sing together."
NOW Magazine,80,"Their voices intertwine beautifully, Amandas smoky lightness to Jacks baritone, and none better than on the title track by Leonard Cohen, a song filled with regret but tinged with possibility."
PopMatters,75,"Standing alone, this a warming set of tastefully executed covers. But see the album in its context and youll find its beauty--a record of music repairing a once strained relationship."
Austin Chronicle,70,"The album features covers of songs they love, with folky, stripped-down arrangements that feature Amanda's smoky alto and Jack's rich, bass voice. [No. 134, p.59]"
Spin,70,"Ultimately, one of the things understood is that for an album of cover songs, the result still feels entirely personal and held dear when hearing the father and daughter pay tribute to their inspirations together."
AllMusic,60,"You Got Me Singing is not just a cute fan curio, but an affecting, honest tribute to family and creativity."
The New York Times,60,"Subversively moving. [Aug 2016, p.94]"

AllMusic,80,"The opening title track casually drifts into existence, and the rest follow suit, melancholic blend of twinkling steel guitar, rambling acoustic guitars and wearied vocals. [Sep 2016, p.76]"
Rolling Stone,80,"The recordings all fit within a folk or blues tradition, but given the complex rhythmic layers, they may as well be post-rock songs."
Pitchfork,75,"They play rustic country/rock that constantly struggles to keep upright as it stands on the poly-genre curveballs that the musicians toss Schneider's way. [No. 134, p.59]"
AllMusic,70,"As an album, it's divided into eight tracks but there's no sense of division whilst listening to it, it's one of the most seamless pieces of music I've come across all year."
Uncut,60,"These Stars is a promising debut and one that rewards repeated listens. There is warmth in this coolness."

Magnet,80,"Undercurrent is an enthralling journey from source to mouth. [Aug 2016, p.72]"
Exclaim,80,"Theres a looseness to the album that prevents her from ever being pretentious. She just looks at the world around her, the people she knows, her thoughts and feelings, and turns these into song."
The Independent (UK),80,"Spaciously produced, its a classy piece of modern Americana."
The Guardian,70,"This fourth release from the Texas native is in a singer-songwriter mode; four songs feature just Jarosz and acoustic guitar, while others are tautly arranged progressive-folk gems with backup from guitarists Luke Reynolds (Guster) and Jedd Hughes (Emmylou Harris and Rodney Crowell)."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Though darker than her previous albums, Undercurrent is also more resilient. Jarosz reaches through her musical and personal histories with vulnerability and willingness. She comes out on the other side with songs that possess narrative savvy, melodic invention, and a refreshing sense of self-assuredness."
The Guardian,67,"Undercurrent might not be her best work, but she's set herself up to go wherever the music takes her, and those following along are sure to revel in the adventure."
The Line of Best Fit,60,"The only problem is that her lyrics are sometimes relegated to back-drop status as Jarosz creates an array of enchanting sounds, set against harmonies provided by back-up musicians Jedd Hughes and Luke Reynolds. [Aug 2016, p.92]"

Magnet,80,"Wonderful stuff. [Aug 2016, p.76]"
AllMusic,80,"Rather than a dry, scholarly guide to the Thankful Villages, Hayman's warm snapshots represent a fading vision of rural Britain, and it's a tribute he gives with great respect and tenderness."
The Observer (UK),80,"As an album, it hangs together beautifully, avoiding the pitfalls of many concept records with its warm, honest approach."
Mojo,70,"As an album it is of questionable value, but its ambitions are much bigger than the album form."

Uncut,90,"[A] hugely satisfying album. [Jul 2016, p.66]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Along with equally genre-transcending Ryley Walker and James Blackshaw, here is stunning proof that Tompkins Square have serious intentions beyond the reissue market. Watch this space, listen to Brigid Mae Power."
Magnet,80,"Power sings in an emotion-laden, ever-modulating voice that summons the spirits of Tim Buckley and Tim Hardin as readily as Sibylle Baier or Sandy Denny. [Aug 2016, p.93]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"Even more intriguing are the songs that go beyond quietly epic reportage into a kind of otherworldly state, in which Powers own selfhood comes under attack--something of an occupational hazard in intense relationships, not least motherhood."
PopMatters,75,"Despite its clear seriousness, Brigid Mae Power runs on that sense of newfound freedom. Power and Broderick find glimmers of light even in the darkest moments, and she learns to trust the kind of love that enables independence, after some period of coercion."

Uncut,90,"This is a rare gem of an album that projects Kacy and Clayton into the category of all time great folk duos. [Jun 2016, p.50]"
PopMatters,80,"A beautiful album that nudges a classic past into a brave future. [Jul 2016, p.109]"
The Observer (UK),80,"Save for three traditional songs, Strange Country comprises brilliantly-wrought original material haunted by themes of uncertainty, lassitude, jealousy and spite."
Boston Globe,80,"Strange Country is a mysteriously and profoundly pleasing piece of work."
AllMusic,80,"Kacy & Clayton craft timeless and detailed folk songs on Strange Country, an album that more than promises the duo's staying power."

Austin Chronicle,82,"A small percentage of individuals may find The Gloamings music obscure due to the lack of English lyrics. However, if youre a fan of this type of work and are into discovering art from different places in the world, you should definitely join the party."
Mojo,80,"Twelve top-class tracks also feature Chicago-born guitarist Dennis Cahill."
Uncut,80,"An album of dark beauty and unnerving enchantment. [May 2016, p.93]"
AllMusic,80,"The Gloaming is different because it gets at the lovely essence of the Irish tradition without sentimentality or dumbing down--and also isnt afraid to make it modern."
The 405,80,"An exquisite album from a virtuoso band."

musicOMH.com,80,"While Gibson is often humane, she's not always gentle. [No. 130, p.57]"
Uncut,80,"With each album, Gibson develops these techniques, and Empire Builder sees her building these details to a new peak."
Record Collector,80,"There isn't a song here that isn't a low-key delight. [Jun 2016, p.111]"
Mojo,80,"Gibson's captivating, narrative postcard songs are bolstered by a cast of Brooklyn musicians. [May 2016, p.96]"
The Observer (UK),80,"She addresses transformation, loss, connection and apartness in literate, finely turned pop songs centred on her sweet, pellucid voice and filled out with dreamy loops and strings. [May 2016, p.73]"
Pitchfork,77,"The pace is unhurried, and Gibson offers a cathartic tale of loss and redemption, set against a gorgeous sonic backdrop. She sounds newly confident, invigorated, and free."
The Wire,70,"Sometimes they rock out, sometimes its a quieter, more intimate affair. Gibson has been through a lot, and the songs on Empire Builder--as well as subsequent albums, one would hope--are an eloquent interpretation of her life and times."
Q Magazine,60,"Gibson does occasionally fall into the trap of sounding a little mannered, and this can take away from the well-written songs and from lyrics informed by an interesting back-story."
The Independent (UK),60,"One for the wee small hours, Empire Builder is made of stronger stuff than its delicate nature would have you believe."


AllMusic,100,"He may not be looking to kill Saturday night anymore but, with Upland Stories, Fulks has composed songs that are richer and more rewarding."
Exclaim,100,"This is a masterful album, replete with wonderful stories and fully drawn characters."
Paste Magazine,91,"With his old-timey Upland Stories, Fulks matures into an important voice."
The Telegraph (UK),90,"What's impressive is how well integrated these Agee-inspired tunes are with their more modern cousins."
Mojo,90,"Its one of his best, a stunner that knocks you out without raising its voice. [No. 129, p.55]"
Blurt Magazine,80,"Twenty years later, he returns with Upland Stories, and the prolific singer-songwriter has never sounded better."
The Guardian,80,"Musically it is more diverse [than Gone Away Backward] and his literary influences are to the fore. [Jun 2016, p.91]"
Magnet,80,"As spare and gently satisfying as a warm spring afternoon, Upland Stories is a reminder that the brilliance of Gone Away Backward was no fluke, and that in his mid-fifties, Robbie Fulks is only getting better, both as a songwriter and as a recording artist. Highly recommended."
musicOMH.com,80,"He understands these lessons have been learned by every generation and is part of the traditions from which we have emerged. His artistry lies in how he does it, with talent, humor, and grace."
Q Magazine,80,"The writing, revealing literary influences and the deep, weird old America depicted by, say, Merle Kilgore, is astute, while stripped-down, archaic Appalachian arrangements play tricks with time. [May 2016, p.73]"
Mojo,78,"A continuation of the warm folk, fiddle, and banjo style of 2013's Gone Away Backward, here Fulks continues proving he's one of music's best song craftsmen."
Uncut,60,"Robbie Fulks at 53 might be a kinder, gentler version of the rascal of old, but one who has perfected balancing touching, reflective ruminations and a sardonic outlook with effortless aplomb."

Pitchfork,80,"We Move is warm, slick and modernist. [Oct 2016, p.96]"
PopMatters,80,"It's said to be his rawest grapple yet with anxiety, but it's full of lush, buoyant pop songs."
Record Collector,73,"The ideas are articulated much more distinctly than on past recordings, bringing added significance to the gorgeous compositions."
The Skinny,70,"It's an assured and heartfelt work built carefully around McMorrow's falsetto vocals. [Oct 2016, p.35]"
Blurt Magazine,60,"In a genre based on repetition, standout moments are critical, and We Move provides too few of them to be impactful. But when they show up, the results are stunning."

Country Weekly,90,"The performances are spellbinding."
Paste Magazine,89,"Accompanied by piano, ex-Ulver shredder Hvard, and the Norwegian Girls' Choir, the now-New Yorker strips away intricate instrumental passages and dramatic flourish in favor of direct, oft-soaring communication. ... Brutal beauty."
Exclaim,70,"Aside from a new perspective on Myrkurs music, Mausoleum provides a welcome diversion from the general praxis of live albums as we know them."
Magnet,70,"Mausoleum is a rare recording in that its appeal is vast."

Spin,80,"Whatever the particular style, Little Windows is a series of sparkling pop gems; clocking in at just under 26 minutes, the only thing the record leaves you wanting is more of it."
Mojo,80,"Thompson, Jones and their collaborators have given us a round of tunes that arent already classics but are certainly destined to be."
AllMusic,80,"A terrific beginning, Little Windows offers its audience a perfect view."
PopMatters,70,"Little Windows has an easy charm, but doing this stuff well is harder than it looks. [Jun 2016, p.81]"
Uncut,70,"Little Windows clocks in at less than half an hour, which is certainly appropriate to the period that Jones and Thompson are honoring. But given how well they mine their influences and bring them into the present day, it's not hard to wish a second Little Windows will open soon."
Austin Chronicle,60,"A sweetly-rendered set of originals. Sometimes, though, even if it drips with Nashville authenticity, it's all a bit too sugary. [May 2016, p.90]"
American Songwriter,50,"Ultimately, it takes a real curmudgeon to dislike this often enchanting, rosy-cheeked, harmony laden alliance, even if you wish it was better. It also does little to display the vocal talents of Kelly Jones who has a handful of terrific albums under her own name but whose own style gets lost here."

Boston Globe,80,"The Bird & the Rifle is her 10th studio album in 17 years, and her most finely focused."
PopMatters,80,"It's another extremely strong effort for McKenna, whose growing catalog is already known for its quality."
Blurt Magazine,80,"The sound conjures the Seventies singer-songwriter heyday, and McKenna's storytelling is indelible."
Uncut,76,"McKenna has a remarkable facility for conveying the inner lives of women trapped in soured relationships; that may not be an easy sell for the conservative playlists of country radio, but it makes for one of the most accomplished and devastating singer-songwriter albums of the year."


AllMusic,80,"The trio's captivating blend of archive voiceovers, yearning harmonies and melodic lushness proves as compelling as Hannah Peel's vocal daring. [Apr 2016, p.76]"
Mojo,80,"A much different but just as powerful statement as their debut, the Magnetic North have once again crafted something that is wholly unique."
American Songwriter,70,"Well blended, ambitious and thoughtful, if the innovation of the opening portion couldve continued to be executed, this album may well have gone down as one of the best so far this year."
Paste Magazine,60,"Choral folk pop reveries and soft rock tease out the cosmic everyday. [Jun 2016, p.97]"
Record Collector,60,"It has all the majesty one expects from the contributors, and all the ingredients that one expects to result in its pieces being used for indie film soundtracks and the like."
PopMatters,80,"The songwriting on Born of the Sun is wider and more focused; the performances and warm production are much more immediate. Combined, they offer the most 'accessible' offering in Faun Fables' catalog (relatively speaking), thus adding a new dimension to an already compelling, complex musical persona."
AllMusic,70,"Faun Fables sound more shamanistic than ever. [Sep 2016, p.74]"
Mojo,60,"The songs have a somber, ambient feel, even on tunes with uplifting subjects. [No. 134, p.57]"
Dusted Magazine,50,"Despite her great pipes however, the band's arrangements make much of Born of the Sun feel like amateur hour at Medieval Times. A talented producer would be able to focus on McCarthy's strong voice and balance some of the band's more freewheeling tendencies."
The Line of Best Fit,40,"With songs about mountain men and sentient country houses, its like a more pompous (and crucially) humourless version of The Incredible String Band built around flutes, celesta and caterwauling: okay in very small doses, but unbearable at album length."
Pitchfork,40,"Despite the off-the-beaten-track ethos, this ends up sounding rather pedestrian--there are shades of Stevie Nicks mystical crooning, but there is also yodelling and the sort of cacophonous jamming thats only ever the slightest bit enjoyable if youre holding one of the instruments."


Uncut,90,"Rodriguez has been hinting at the ambition displayed on Lola for some time. What's surprising is how a record of such scope and imagination can be rendered so intimately and elegantly."
The Wire,80,"Antique pieces such as Cuco Snchezs Que manera de perder are wrung for their stately melodrama, while originals like La ltima vez and I Dreamed I Was Lola Beltrn take Tex-Mex into classy, modern terrain, steel guitars ringing alongside cantina strumming."
Uncut,80,"This is a fresh, confident set."
AllMusic,70,"While not the starting point for one to enter the musical world of Carrie Rodriguez, the creative left turn that is the wondrous Lola is further proof Rodriguez can move the heart in any language."
PopMatters,67,"'Si No Te Vas' sounds exactly as if Rodriguez was in a callejn serenading her lover even with the hint of gringo in her Rs. Picking up Spanish as an adult can cause that, yet it lends the music an authentic border feel, the bridge between worlds. Therein lies the cohesiveness between old and new that makes Lola a love affair worth taking home and introducing to la familia."
Mojo,60,"All in all, its Rodriguezs way with both a samba and a sway that helps elevate this effort while making it one of her best yet."
Record Collector,60,"The whole, though, is surprisingly cohesive and always uplifting, linked by knowingly sultry vocals and veteran innovator Bill Frisell's typically oddball guitar work. [Apr 2016, p.114]"
AllMusic,80,"All in all, You Got Me Singing is wonderfully curated and beautifully executed, with just the right amount of imprecision in the pretty-much simultaneity of when the two sing together."
The Observer (UK),80,"Their voices intertwine beautifully, Amandas smoky lightness to Jacks baritone, and none better than on the title track by Leonard Cohen, a song filled with regret but tinged with possibility."
The Guardian,75,"Standing alone, this a warming set of tastefully executed covers. But see the album in its context and youll find its beauty--a record of music repairing a once strained relationship."
PopMatters,70,"The album features covers of songs they love, with folky, stripped-down arrangements that feature Amanda's smoky alto and Jack's rich, bass voice. [No. 134, p.59]"
Austin Chronicle,70,"Ultimately, one of the things understood is that for an album of cover songs, the result still feels entirely personal and held dear when hearing the father and daughter pay tribute to their inspirations together."
Blurt Magazine,60,"You Got Me Singing is not just a cute fan curio, but an affecting, honest tribute to family and creativity."
Q Magazine,60,"Subversively moving. [Aug 2016, p.94]"


Mojo,80,"Her gift for unearthing colourful material and then delivering it with both swagger and soul is compelling. [Mar 2016, p.99]"
The Independent (UK),80,"Fay Hields singing throughout is open and honest, delivering the stories unencumbered by needless ornament or moralising."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"Inspired playing by Sam Sweeney (fiddle), Rob Harbron (concertina), Roger Wilson (guitar, fiddle), Ben Nicholson (bass), Toby Kearney (percussion), and guests appearances from Jon Boden (guitar, fiddle) and Martin Simpson (guitar) add to a delightful album."
The Guardian,60,"Classy and entertaining."
Blurt Magazine,80,"The opening title track casually drifts into existence, and the rest follow suit, melancholic blend of twinkling steel guitar, rambling acoustic guitars and wearied vocals. [Sep 2016, p.76]"
Chicago Tribune,80,"The recordings all fit within a folk or blues tradition, but given the complex rhythmic layers, they may as well be post-rock songs."
Dusted Magazine,75,"They play rustic country/rock that constantly struggles to keep upright as it stands on the poly-genre curveballs that the musicians toss Schneider's way. [No. 134, p.59]"
Uncut,70,"As an album, it's divided into eight tracks but there's no sense of division whilst listening to it, it's one of the most seamless pieces of music I've come across all year."
Exclaim,60,"These Stars is a promising debut and one that rewards repeated listens. There is warmth in this coolness."


AllMusic,80,"Undercurrent is an enthralling journey from source to mouth. [Aug 2016, p.72]"
American Songwriter,80,"Theres a looseness to the album that prevents her from ever being pretentious. She just looks at the world around her, the people she knows, her thoughts and feelings, and turns these into song."
Pitchfork,80,"Spaciously produced, its a classy piece of modern Americana."
PopMatters,70,"This fourth release from the Texas native is in a singer-songwriter mode; four songs feature just Jarosz and acoustic guitar, while others are tautly arranged progressive-folk gems with backup from guitarists Luke Reynolds (Guster) and Jedd Hughes (Emmylou Harris and Rodney Crowell)."
Mojo,70,"Though darker than her previous albums, Undercurrent is also more resilient. Jarosz reaches through her musical and personal histories with vulnerability and willingness. She comes out on the other side with songs that possess narrative savvy, melodic invention, and a refreshing sense of self-assuredness."
The Guardian,67,"Undercurrent might not be her best work, but she's set herself up to go wherever the music takes her, and those following along are sure to revel in the adventure."
The Telegraph (UK),60,"The only problem is that her lyrics are sometimes relegated to back-drop status as Jarosz creates an array of enchanting sounds, set against harmonies provided by back-up musicians Jedd Hughes and Luke Reynolds. [Aug 2016, p.92]"
Uncut,100,"Twenty-five years in, how well these two sides of a sung coin fit together and complement each other remains remarkable."
The Telegraph (UK),88,"Fortunately, the music and, above all, the voices of the two singers fight through the darkness. The voices complement, converse and contradict, like sisters finishing or amplifying each other's sentences."
NOW Magazine,80,"The tales they tell are, while gruesome, well told. And theyve never sounded better; not only has the time off done no damage to their brash, south-of-the-Ohio harmonies, but the band has taken on the challenge of sounding bigger than ever before and come out triumphant."
AllMusic,80,"Haunting songs rooted in old-time country, Southern Gothic and humming electric ambience. [Mar 2016, p.72]"
Mojo,80,"The songs on Scheherazade are original, though richly informed by traditional Americana. Most of them sound like they could be from any time in the last 80 years."
The New York Times,80,"Scheherazade isn't exactly the Feel Good Album of 2016, but being lost and forsaken with Freakwater is a more satisfying experience than feeling perky with most other acts, and Scheherazade is a brilliant reminder of what Catherine Irwin and Janet Beveridge Bean do so strikingly well."
Exclaim,80,"Longtime fans who have patiently waited for this resurgence will be thrilled with results that gently tug at the boundaries of their established sound. But even listeners new to the Freakwater experience can start here and work backwards through a rich catalog dedicated to the darker roots of Americana."
American Songwriter,75,"Theres something invigorating about hearing two alt-country veterans take apart their tried-and-true sound and reassemble it slightly askew, and Scheherazade is not only their most modern-sounding record; it might be their best since Old Paint."
Q Magazine,70,"Overall Scheherazade is a masterful step forward for Freakwater with an eye on its influences and history. Its songs grapple with duality, with a balance between muddy, dirty roots music and clear, split open beauty, and the album balances itself so well in that regard."


Mojo,80,"Wonderful stuff. [Aug 2016, p.76]"
Blurt Magazine,80,"Rather than a dry, scholarly guide to the Thankful Villages, Hayman's warm snapshots represent a fading vision of rural Britain, and it's a tribute he gives with great respect and tenderness."
PopMatters,80,"As an album, it hangs together beautifully, avoiding the pitfalls of many concept records with its warm, honest approach."
AllMusic,70,"As an album it is of questionable value, but its ambitions are much bigger than the album form."
Record Collector,80,"Collaboratively, spiritually and musically... it works superbly. [Mar 2016, p.99]"
Mojo,80,"The result is a varied, thoughtful set that stays well clear of political sloganeering."
Uncut,80,"The harmonies are gorgeous and the lyrics thought-provoking. A good start to the year for folk music."
The Guardian,80,"The sisterly joie de vivre marks out Songs Of Separation as a very special record indeed. [Mar 2016, p.82]"

The Line of Best Fit,90,"[A] hugely satisfying album. [Jul 2016, p.66]"
musicOMH.com,80,"Along with equally genre-transcending Ryley Walker and James Blackshaw, here is stunning proof that Tompkins Square have serious intentions beyond the reissue market. Watch this space, listen to Brigid Mae Power."
The Observer (UK),80,"Power sings in an emotion-laden, ever-modulating voice that summons the spirits of Tim Buckley and Tim Hardin as readily as Sibylle Baier or Sandy Denny. [Aug 2016, p.93]"
Q Magazine,80,"Even more intriguing are the songs that go beyond quietly epic reportage into a kind of otherworldly state, in which Powers own selfhood comes under attack--something of an occupational hazard in intense relationships, not least motherhood."
AllMusic,75,"Despite its clear seriousness, Brigid Mae Power runs on that sense of newfound freedom. Power and Broderick find glimmers of light even in the darkest moments, and she learns to trust the kind of love that enables independence, after some period of coercion."


Boston Globe,80,"O'Donovan knows how to sing perfectly with sparse and delicate arrangements and the album, which also features Tucker Martine (the Decemberists), shows she can create some magic of her own on this her second solo album."
The New York Times,80,"In producer Tucker Martines hands (hes worked with Neko Case, Punch Brothers, the Decemberists and Laura Veirs), ODonovans music sounds light and atmospheric, her folk freed up by billowing electric guitars and sensitive percussion."
The Guardian,80,"In the Magic Hour lives up to its title. O'Donovan's sometimes searing, always poetically rendered lyrics are matched by astute, economically articulated melodies."
Mojo,80,"In The Magic Hour is, in turn, both exhilarating and exploratory. [Feb 2016, p.97]"
The Guardian,80,"Sweetness and sadness find a tenuous balance in the voice of Aoife ODonovan--and in the songs on her second album, In the Magic Hour."
Uncut,80,"With subtle rhythms and interesting melodies, In The Magic Hour delivers both lightness and depth in one hauntingly beautiful recording."
The Observer (UK),70,"Its a haunting, generally melancholy 40 minutes that cries out for repeated playings to best capture the fleeting melodies, atmospheric performances and the singers delicate concepts."
Pitchfork,60,"Stanley Park, Hornets and Magpie carry a wistful, charming nostalgia about them, but maybe it's a generation too removed making In The Magic Hour's nods to tradition often superficial rather than tapping into the music's deepest heartbeat. [Feb 2016, p.115]"
Drowned In Sound,90,"This is a rare gem of an album that projects Kacy and Clayton into the category of all time great folk duos. [Jun 2016, p.50]"
AllMusic,80,"A beautiful album that nudges a classic past into a brave future. [Jul 2016, p.109]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"Save for three traditional songs, Strange Country comprises brilliantly-wrought original material haunted by themes of uncertainty, lassitude, jealousy and spite."
PopMatters,80,"Strange Country is a mysteriously and profoundly pleasing piece of work."
Exclaim,80,"Kacy & Clayton craft timeless and detailed folk songs on Strange Country, an album that more than promises the duo's staying power."


NOW Magazine,80,"Bar the grating closer, it's their most beautiful yet. [Apr 2016, p.89]"
Paste Magazine,80,"Above the Prairie unfolds as a series of shimmering, seductive soundscapes that effectively convey the other-worldly imagery asserted in its title. Within this beguiling set of songs, a dream-like scenario with a nocturnal gaze unfolds."
Uncut,80,"Above the Prairie sometimes feels like a roots art record; at times your asked to consider what Radiohead might sound like if driven by wood and steel rather than ones and zeros."
American Songwriter,70,"Eventually, the songs do sink in, but the reason to return to the album is its ability to conjure a specific feeling, whether it's the second the sun sets or the moment that paved highway gives way to backwoods dirt roads."

The Line of Best Fit,82,"A small percentage of individuals may find The Gloamings music obscure due to the lack of English lyrics. However, if youre a fan of this type of work and are into discovering art from different places in the world, you should definitely join the party."
AllMusic,80,"Twelve top-class tracks also feature Chicago-born guitarist Dennis Cahill."
Exclaim,80,"An album of dark beauty and unnerving enchantment. [May 2016, p.93]"
musicOMH.com,80,"The Gloaming is different because it gets at the lovely essence of the Irish tradition without sentimentality or dumbing down--and also isnt afraid to make it modern."
The Independent (UK),80,"An exquisite album from a virtuoso band."

PopMatters,100,"Throughout, this is the sound of three world-class talents raising their respective games, as if trying to keep up with each other, creating something far greater even than the sum of their world-class parts."
Uncut,80,"Enlightened and challenging... an incredible String Band for a brave new world. [Mar 2016, p.99]"
Q Magazine,80,"It isn't easy to pigeonhole, but it could just be one of the albums of the year. [Feb 2016, p.84]"
NOW Magazine,80,"Bravely original and worth checking out."
Mojo,75,"It makes for a beguiling, snuggling sort of a record, easy to float away to at times, wild and cinematic at others, but always with a warm and unconstructed feel."
The Line of Best Fit,70,"Although occasionally lacking focus (unsurprising, since large chunks were apparently improvised) it is a quietly mesmerising piece of work that breathes new life into Yorkstons career."
Drowned In Sound,60,"The mood is mostly contemplative, with Khan embellishing songs like the wistful title track with sinuous cello-like parts, while he gets his own devotional outings (Knochentanz, Sufi Song), where Yorkston just did my best to keep up."
PopMatters,60,"Unforced and rewarding. [Feb 2016, p.119]"
AllMusic,80,"While Gibson is often humane, she's not always gentle. [No. 130, p.57]"
American Songwriter,80,"With each album, Gibson develops these techniques, and Empire Builder sees her building these details to a new peak."
Los Angeles Times,80,"There isn't a song here that isn't a low-key delight. [Jun 2016, p.111]"
NOW Magazine,80,"Gibson's captivating, narrative postcard songs are bolstered by a cast of Brooklyn musicians. [May 2016, p.96]"
Paste Magazine,80,"She addresses transformation, loss, connection and apartness in literate, finely turned pop songs centred on her sweet, pellucid voice and filled out with dreamy loops and strings. [May 2016, p.73]"
Austin Chronicle,77,"The pace is unhurried, and Gibson offers a cathartic tale of loss and redemption, set against a gorgeous sonic backdrop. She sounds newly confident, invigorated, and free."
Pitchfork,70,"Sometimes they rock out, sometimes its a quieter, more intimate affair. Gibson has been through a lot, and the songs on Empire Builder--as well as subsequent albums, one would hope--are an eloquent interpretation of her life and times."
The Telegraph (UK),60,"Gibson does occasionally fall into the trap of sounding a little mannered, and this can take away from the well-written songs and from lyrics informed by an interesting back-story."
Billboard.com,60,"One for the wee small hours, Empire Builder is made of stronger stuff than its delicate nature would have you believe."


Boston Globe,60,"Wildfire is the work of a determined singer/songwriter who prizes craft over poetry or introspection. Platten specializes in skyscraping melodies and big, bombastic surfaces and these are the elements that not only fuel Wildfire, they distinguish it from the singer/songwriter's clear antecedents."
Exclaim,50,"The wounded Better Place and soothing Superman stand out, showing how Plattens songwriting skills can be used to tease out emotional subtleties. But too often here shes battling stuffed-to-the-gills arrangements."
AllMusic,50,"She has a clear, edgeless voice, and shes versatile, though often here it can sound like shes blindly experimenting with styles."
PopMatters,40,"Efficient in conjuring intense emotion, the album has the hallmarks of a temporary success, but Plattens identity gets lost. This chameleon-like character is a mutant of pop artistry--a country twang occasionally slips into her intonation, and the ghosts of Carly Rae Jepsen, Shakira and Katy Perry haunt the lofty choruses."
Record Collector,100,"He may not be looking to kill Saturday night anymore but, with Upland Stories, Fulks has composed songs that are richer and more rewarding."
Rolling Stone,100,"This is a masterful album, replete with wonderful stories and fully drawn characters."
Uncut,91,"With his old-timey Upland Stories, Fulks matures into an important voice."
Mojo,90,"What's impressive is how well integrated these Agee-inspired tunes are with their more modern cousins."
Punknews.org (Staff),90,"Its one of his best, a stunner that knocks you out without raising its voice. [No. 129, p.55]"
The Guardian,80,"Twenty years later, he returns with Upland Stories, and the prolific singer-songwriter has never sounded better."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Musically it is more diverse [than Gone Away Backward] and his literary influences are to the fore. [Jun 2016, p.91]"
AllMusic,80,"As spare and gently satisfying as a warm spring afternoon, Upland Stories is a reminder that the brilliance of Gone Away Backward was no fluke, and that in his mid-fifties, Robbie Fulks is only getting better, both as a songwriter and as a recording artist. Highly recommended."
Classic Rock Magazine,80,"He understands these lessons have been learned by every generation and is part of the traditions from which we have emerged. His artistry lies in how he does it, with talent, humor, and grace."
Mojo,80,"The writing, revealing literary influences and the deep, weird old America depicted by, say, Merle Kilgore, is astute, while stripped-down, archaic Appalachian arrangements play tricks with time. [May 2016, p.73]"
The Line of Best Fit,78,"A continuation of the warm folk, fiddle, and banjo style of 2013's Gone Away Backward, here Fulks continues proving he's one of music's best song craftsmen."
Spin,60,"Robbie Fulks at 53 might be a kinder, gentler version of the rascal of old, but one who has perfected balancing touching, reflective ruminations and a sardonic outlook with effortless aplomb."


Uncut,80,"A wonderful album. [Jan 2016, p.93]"
Record Collector,80,"Reids voice is wistful and reflective, sometimes blurring the syllables, and it gives this startlingly good debut a feeling of warmth, a welcoming Aga in the musical kitchen."
Q Magazine,80,"Nadia Reid's impeccable debut will maybe set a wider orbit in motion. [Dec 2015, p.77]"
The Guardian,80,"Call the Days, the track that heralded this brand new folk-inclined singer-songwriters extraordinarily assured debut, suggested an Antipodean Laura Marling, a talented 24-year-old with a preternatural ability to translate internal weather into chords and words."
Uncut,72,"Not to underestimate the experiences behind Reid's lyrics, but the loss of faith that unravels throughout the record comes off a little grave, reminiscent of those fogged post-heartbreak moments where it's impossible to believe you'll ever be happy again.... But there are also beautiful, revealing turns of phrase."
PopMatters,70,"These are strong songs. This is a coherent, mature piece of work."
AllMusic,80,"Whatever the particular style, Little Windows is a series of sparkling pop gems; clocking in at just under 26 minutes, the only thing the record leaves you wanting is more of it."
The Observer (UK),80,"Thompson, Jones and their collaborators have given us a round of tunes that arent already classics but are certainly destined to be."
Record Collector,80,"A terrific beginning, Little Windows offers its audience a perfect view."
American Songwriter,70,"Little Windows has an easy charm, but doing this stuff well is harder than it looks. [Jun 2016, p.81]"
Magnet,70,"Little Windows clocks in at less than half an hour, which is certainly appropriate to the period that Jones and Thompson are honoring. But given how well they mine their influences and bring them into the present day, it's not hard to wish a second Little Windows will open soon."
NOW Magazine,60,"A sweetly-rendered set of originals. Sometimes, though, even if it drips with Nashville authenticity, it's all a bit too sugary. [May 2016, p.90]"
Mojo,50,"Ultimately, it takes a real curmudgeon to dislike this often enchanting, rosy-cheeked, harmony laden alliance, even if you wish it was better. It also does little to display the vocal talents of Kelly Jones who has a handful of terrific albums under her own name but whose own style gets lost here."


Uncut,80,"The talent and vision of these artists makes this a surprisingly powerful and impressive work, and is a testament to the fact both the Mekons and Robbie Fulks need to record more often. When they do, the results are never ordinary, and neither disappoints."
Boston Globe,80,"In short, its a one-off that makes accidental magic, bringing disparate talents into temporary alignment without blunting their differences. If its a reality show, then its one that works and one in which no one should get voted off the island."
Rolling Stone,80,"Very close to perfect, Jura is gleefully light-hearted one moment and unbearably tragic the next, making it one of the best releases from either artist in some time."
AllMusic,80,"The great flaw of this album is that it isn't a concert, and the listener is not right there with the band; it feels disconcerting to be listening to an album of alternately rollicking and mournful populist sing-alongs while alone in one's living room."
Blurt Magazine,80,"You'll want to let the whole record play, but Refill, Land Ahoy! and Mekons' anthemic Beaten And Broken (sung by Fulks) are highlights."
Exclaim,70,"The discontinuity gives Jura a sense of spontaneity and pays homage to an old musical community, but also makes the album feel more like the one-off, just-for-fun, conceptual project that it is."
Paste Magazine,70,"A crop of startling, striped-down songs. [Feb 2016, p.78]"
PopMatters,70,"The album exudes the salty air of the conditions it was recorded in, which makes it a success on that level. How much your tastes lean towards undiluted, traditional Brit folk will gauge your enjoyment for this batch of unadulterated music in that genre, played and conceived with the purest of intentions."
NOW Magazine,86,"The sweeping brilliance of that standout track ['In Durance Vile'], though, is matched in emotive resonance on nearly every piece on Fleeting."
Uncut,80,"Frequently time-stopping as feeling triumphs over technique, Jones has a rarely-found natural way of displaying dazzling virtuosity. Mum would have been proud."
Record Collector,80,"Fleeting achieves something each Jones record has worked toward, to create a geography of sound, to make these notes from guitar and banjo feel like the creaks and groans of an old house, to make you picture the dust pluming off each plucked string, to see the motes drifting through sunlight pouring through a nearby window."
AllMusic,80,"Jones covers a lot of musical ground on this album, and it's all of high quality, confirming his place as one of the top-tier American Primitive guitarists."
American Songwriter,80,"These 10 acoustic pieces hold a certain stillness within the variety of tempos, instruments and inspirations. [Apr 2016, p.89]"
The Guardian,80,"Fleeting is therefore more intimate even than your average American primitive album, with the sounds of nature adding to the authenticity and naturalism of the music as opposed to intruding upon it."
Austin Chronicle,75,"Fleeting is, in sum, an art in the sweet and wholesome worship of nature, it's comforting highs and dark, confusing depths encompassing all the brief human relationships it gives birth to and provides a stage for."
Rolling Stone,72,"All told, Fleeting isn't as distinct or as instant as its predecessors, particularly Jones' 2011 masterpiece, The Wanting."
Mojo,70,"Fleeting, once again, is a loving, diligent and honest attempt by Jones to pay fingerpicking homage to his hero. [Apr 2016, p.74]"
Record Collector,70,"The way Baird and Jones mix room tone with the intruding outdoors invites consideration of human impermanence, but the sweet affection that Jones's melodies impart wards off the blues. [Mar 2016, p.54]"


The Guardian,80,"As an indicator of the kind of music the Wainwrights indulged in at home while they and their many and various offspring went on to charm and dazzle the musical world, this is an invaluable document. For those who simply want a dazzling, slow sunset of a folk record with the occasional lyrical bite--the same applies."
The Observer (UK),80,"Most recordings of lullabies are long on charm and short on substance, but the Wainwright Sisters have made an album that will suit a thoughtful mom or dad as much as a restless youngster, and Songs in the Dark is something special from two remarkable talents."
Boston Globe,80,"he Wainwright Sisters' voices blend together perfectly, and the melodies here are calming--almost too much so. A close listen to the lyrics, though, reveals the darker side of bedtime stories."
PopMatters,80,"Some people may see Songs In The Dark as a curio, simply recorded for in order to keep the legacy of the McGarrigle canon alive and well. Yet its the black humour and obvious love for the material that lifts this into another sphere."
Exclaim,80,"Its a wonderful collection, with even Richard Thompsons cold-comfort message in End Of The Rainbow imbued with a warm glow."
Austin Chronicle,70,"This is not the Music for Little People style of cute professionalism. Songs in the Dark reach back to the roots of traditional music for kids when it was sung as much to provide solace for the parents as well as to entertain the kids."
PopMatters,70,"Disappointingly, there's a lack of biting vocal interaction between the half-sisters, nothing ti match the delectable harmonies  that graced the McGarrigles or less feted Roches. [Dec 2015, p.81]"
AllMusic,60,"Some of it is beautiful, but perhaps they should've enlisted the help of their offbeat brother Rufus to add a bit more colour to the canvas. [Jan 2016, p.115]"
Record Collector,60,"A few tunes are forgettable (Baby Rocking Medley, Hobo's Lullaby), but for the most part the album is full of gorgeous harmonies and refreshingly sparse instrumentation."
Mojo,60,"An album drenched in familiar swathes of charm, pathos, elegance and black humour. [Dec 2015, p.90]"

Uncut,80,"The trio's captivating blend of archive voiceovers, yearning harmonies and melodic lushness proves as compelling as Hannah Peel's vocal daring. [Apr 2016, p.76]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"A much different but just as powerful statement as their debut, the Magnetic North have once again crafted something that is wholly unique."
The Line of Best Fit,70,"Well blended, ambitious and thoughtful, if the innovation of the opening portion couldve continued to be executed, this album may well have gone down as one of the best so far this year."
Uncut,60,"Choral folk pop reveries and soft rock tease out the cosmic everyday. [Jun 2016, p.97]"
AllMusic,60,"It has all the majesty one expects from the contributors, and all the ingredients that one expects to result in its pieces being used for indie film soundtracks and the like."
Mojo,100,"He worked tirelessly to perfect these songs. And its a revelation to hear just how he got there, and the compelling missteps and musical frustrations he experienced along the way."
Record Collector,100,"One of the most illuminating facets of The Cutting Edge is what an unequivocal testament it is, both to the layered ingenuity of the session musicians and Dylans self-ordained composing pursuits."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),100,"he Bootleg Series Vol. 12: The Cutting Edge 19651966 is more than just music--its cultural history of colossal significance. This collection is a resource that fans and students of Dylans work will reference again and again as the years and decades pass and these classic albums are introduced to new generations of music fans."
Magnet,100,"By breaking down the barriers that separated these three albums, The Cutting Edge shows how for Dylan during this blinding, brilliant peak his music was a living thing, evolving from song to song, take to take, where the quest itself was as transcendent as the final destination."
PopMatters,100,"The 65-66 era of his career occupies rarefied space in the annals of rock; The Cutting Edge somehow demystifies it and makes it seem more impressive all at once. For a guy who once warned us not to look back, Bob Dylan keeps giving us irresistible reasons to do exactly that."
AllMusic,100,"For anyone remotely interested in how great art is made, [the deluxe edition] is the equivalent of an audio master class as Dylan works, reworks and reworks again the song until it sonically captures the energy, defiance, outrage, empathy, celebration and liberation embedded in the lyrics."
Blurt Magazine,100,"To this day, Dylan regards the studio as an artifact-making machine and not a magical chamber freezing definitive versions of his songs. The Bootleg Series has bolstered this opinion before but never presented his creative process so nakedly. For any music fan, this is pure treasure."
Q Magazine,100,"The songs on The Cutting Edge are just as brash, bristling and amazing to hear as they were when they were first unleashed half a century ago."
Mojo,89,"The 6-disc set witnesses the studio process as it unfolded 50 years ago, particularly the CD unfolding the complete session for 'Like a Rolling Stone.'... Experience history in real time."
Boston Globe,87,"The Cutting Edge is music of the present, but not the '60s present, an eternal present; the songs are about observation and they exist in a place where it's always now, in sound and word."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"The Cutting Edge allows fans to bear witness to perhaps the most astonishing explosion of language and sound in rock history, a new approach to song being forged before our very ears."
Boston Globe,80,"At the very least, listening to The Cutting Edge 1965-1966 should send you scurrying back to the official versions of those three classic Bob Dylan albums. Its his story, and its history, reconsidered one more time."
Uncut,80,"Its fascinating to hear how some songs started in one direction and darted into another one entirely."

AllMusic,80,"Martin cedes more of the spotlight to Brickell than ever, his strumming always sturdily present but rarely showy....  But Brickell also brings out the best in Martin, revealing his subtlest strengths."
The Guardian,80,"This is unapologetically well-tailored contemporary music, drawing upon the traditions of Kentucky and Laurel Canyon to create something gentle, pretty, and substantive, something that is as enchanting as it was the first time around."
Paste Magazine,70,"A follow-up thats every bit as charming and melodious as their first."
Boston Globe,60,"The addition of Hammond, fiddle and nicely understated guitar make So Familiar one of the strongest tracks with Edie Brickell reining in the often drawly mannerisms of her singing style to accompany with great effect. Other songs are not so successful in marrying the feel of bluegrass with the sweep of a big song."
AllMusic,60,"That's the vibe of the rootsy music they make, too: smart and stately, full of detailed craft and unfussy intimacy."
Pitchfork,60,"It's not as striking as its predecessor. [Dec 2015, p.75]"
The Telegraph (UK),60,"Simplicity rules throughout and the material doesn't stray far from folk roots, yet always sounds contemporary. [Dec 2015, p.92]"


PopMatters,90,"Rodriguez has been hinting at the ambition displayed on Lola for some time. What's surprising is how a record of such scope and imagination can be rendered so intimately and elegantly."
Record Collector,80,"Antique pieces such as Cuco Snchezs Que manera de perder are wrung for their stately melodrama, while originals like La ltima vez and I Dreamed I Was Lola Beltrn take Tex-Mex into classy, modern terrain, steel guitars ringing alongside cantina strumming."
The Guardian,80,"This is a fresh, confident set."
The Observer (UK),70,"While not the starting point for one to enter the musical world of Carrie Rodriguez, the creative left turn that is the wondrous Lola is further proof Rodriguez can move the heart in any language."
Mojo,67,"'Si No Te Vas' sounds exactly as if Rodriguez was in a callejn serenading her lover even with the hint of gringo in her Rs. Picking up Spanish as an adult can cause that, yet it lends the music an authentic border feel, the bridge between worlds. Therein lies the cohesiveness between old and new that makes Lola a love affair worth taking home and introducing to la familia."
The 405,60,"All in all, its Rodriguezs way with both a samba and a sway that helps elevate this effort while making it one of her best yet."
The Observer (UK),60,"The whole, though, is surprisingly cohesive and always uplifting, linked by knowingly sultry vocals and veteran innovator Bill Frisell's typically oddball guitar work. [Apr 2016, p.114]"
The Line of Best Fit,90,"Jeffrey Lewis has finally written an album that people will look back on in twenty years and say this was the first album in what will hopefully be seen as his classic period."
Mojo,80,"Lewis is unlikely to ever dramatically change; instead his music slowly develops and wizens, as we all do. Itll be fun growing old with him."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"Whilst Jeffrey Lewiss self-knowing musings and musical personas will still remain an acquired peripheral taste for some, its pleasing that Manhattan finds him in such rude health, as arguably his most compelling and charismatic collection since 2007s 12 Crass Songs."
Uncut,80,"Sonically, Manhattan is one of Lewis' clearest, best-recorded and arranged albums to date, with masses of swirling, atmospheric sounds augmenting the more detailed tracks (the sounds of crowded New York City streets and subways seep into some of the songs)."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"A droll, tender-hearted and richly rewarding album."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"With his amiable croak and humour warming his observations, Manhattan is no bitter mope. [Dec 2015, p.90]"
AllMusic,75,"Musically speaking, there are a few hopefully upbeat indie-folk numbers to provide a certain spark to the otherwise bleak lyrical subject matter."
Clash Music,70,"One of his strongest outings ever."
The 405,70,"Like all of his work, it's thoughtful, humble, introspective, funny and endlessly digressive. [Dec 2015, p.72]"
musicOMH.com,60,"While his delivery remains pleasingly rough roud the edges, Lewis has come a long way since initially finding recognition as part of the antifolk scene. Pleasing aspects of Manhattan are the lengthy likes of Back To Manhattan."
Mojo,60,"Musically, it sticks to bardic folk ramble or--as on the brilliantly bilious Have A baby--bubblepunk aggro, but lyrically, Lewis is still finds new paths zig-zagging through his familiar patch. [Dec 2015, p.109]"


The Wire,80,"Her gift for unearthing colourful material and then delivering it with both swagger and soul is compelling. [Mar 2016, p.99]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Fay Hields singing throughout is open and honest, delivering the stories unencumbered by needless ornament or moralising."
Uncut,80,"Inspired playing by Sam Sweeney (fiddle), Rob Harbron (concertina), Roger Wilson (guitar, fiddle), Ben Nicholson (bass), Toby Kearney (percussion), and guests appearances from Jon Boden (guitar, fiddle) and Martin Simpson (guitar) add to a delightful album."
The Guardian,60,"Classy and entertaining."
Blurt Magazine,100,"On this remarkable double album, 21 artists rework his songs, ranging from poignant studies of working lives to political comment and love ballads."
Record Collector,80,"It is a fitting tribute and resounding success. [Jan 2016, p.81]"
The New York Times,80,"This is an essential, lovingly compiled collection that succeeds in doing justice to MacColls songwriting skill."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"An already bright field of songs that have been treated with the utmost care and concern, which is a testament to both MacColl's great body of work and the musicians who were affected by it."
AllMusic,80,"This 21-track centenary tribute underscores what a fine songwriter he was."
musicOMH.com,80,"Respectful, then, but not set in aspic."
DIY Magazine,70,"Unlike Bruce Springsteens similarly rootsy and far peppier tribute to Pete Seeger, this fine ballad heavy collection probably wont attract the attention its compilers are hoping for and garner the posthumous stateside appreciation MacColl deserves."


The Wire,100,"Twenty-five years in, how well these two sides of a sung coin fit together and complement each other remains remarkable."
Uncut,88,"Fortunately, the music and, above all, the voices of the two singers fight through the darkness. The voices complement, converse and contradict, like sisters finishing or amplifying each other's sentences."
Dusted Magazine,80,"The tales they tell are, while gruesome, well told. And theyve never sounded better; not only has the time off done no damage to their brash, south-of-the-Ohio harmonies, but the band has taken on the challenge of sounding bigger than ever before and come out triumphant."
Mojo,80,"Haunting songs rooted in old-time country, Southern Gothic and humming electric ambience. [Mar 2016, p.72]"
Pitchfork,80,"The songs on Scheherazade are original, though richly informed by traditional Americana. Most of them sound like they could be from any time in the last 80 years."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Scheherazade isn't exactly the Feel Good Album of 2016, but being lost and forsaken with Freakwater is a more satisfying experience than feeling perky with most other acts, and Scheherazade is a brilliant reminder of what Catherine Irwin and Janet Beveridge Bean do so strikingly well."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Longtime fans who have patiently waited for this resurgence will be thrilled with results that gently tug at the boundaries of their established sound. But even listeners new to the Freakwater experience can start here and work backwards through a rich catalog dedicated to the darker roots of Americana."
New Musical Express (NME),75,"Theres something invigorating about hearing two alt-country veterans take apart their tried-and-true sound and reassemble it slightly askew, and Scheherazade is not only their most modern-sounding record; it might be their best since Old Paint."
Magnet,70,"Overall Scheherazade is a masterful step forward for Freakwater with an eye on its influences and history. Its songs grapple with duality, with a balance between muddy, dirty roots music and clear, split open beauty, and the album balances itself so well in that regard."
Q Magazine,85,"In guitar lines that are jittery with pop portent, hosting a sharp-witted party for nonbelivers everywhere. [No. 125, p.61]"
The Observer (UK),80,"Ritter draws liberally from the well of himself, others and the Bible, and it's a fun ride."
The Independent (UK),80,"The recurring hallmark is Ritter's literate storytelling. [Nov 2015, p.94]"
Magnet,80,"Sermon On The Rocks is a wild ride, with producer Trina Shoemaker adding vivid colours to the singer's rolling rock gospel. [Dec 2015, p.78]"
The Quietus,80,"Singer-songwriter Josh Ritter is moving fast on his eighth album, but he never puts a foot wrong. The 12-track collection, produced by Trina Shoemaker over two weeks in New Orleans, is positively giddy with wordplay."
Mojo,70,"With his latest, Ritter has achieved the near impossible, fully reimagining his own art while still holding close to what's always made him special."
NOW Magazine,70,"Sermon on the Rocks is an album where Josh Ritter allows himself to have some fun while showing that his skills as a songwriter have emerged unscathed after his divorce, and it suggests that his future is as bright as ever."
The Observer (UK),60,"Sermon on the Rocks should speak to anyone with an ear for melody and an appreciation for a commanding, compelling delivery. Whether or not this broadens Ritters reach remains to be seen, but even if it falls short, be assured that its still excellent regardless."
The Guardian,60,"It will always be a pleasure to hear Ritter's songs, to spend some time in his warm, rich universe. But he needs a new band, badly."


American Songwriter,80,"Collaboratively, spiritually and musically... it works superbly. [Mar 2016, p.99]"
Blurt Magazine,80,"The result is a varied, thoughtful set that stays well clear of political sloganeering."
musicOMH.com,80,"The harmonies are gorgeous and the lyrics thought-provoking. A good start to the year for folk music."
AllMusic,80,"The sisterly joie de vivre marks out Songs Of Separation as a very special record indeed. [Mar 2016, p.82]"
Uncut,95,"Servant of Love--Griffins first new work since both 2013s reflective American Kid and Silver Bell (recorded in 2000 but released 13 years after the fact)--takes the Maine-born songwriter to more complex, yet spare musical planes."
Classic Rock Magazine,80,"The results are astonishing."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"The most poignant moments involve simple memories."
Pitchfork,80,"If anything, this is more consistent and satisfying record, one that emphatically places her at the forefront of modern roots music. [Nov 2015, p.72]"
Chicago Tribune,80,"You will hear her work ethic throughout, positively Spartan, and tinged with rueful truth. A courtly service for all to attend."
PopMatters,80,"Servant of Love is an album that needs a few spins to be fully appreciated, but it's as sincere, heartfelt, and artful as anything Griffin has released to date, and if the form may seem elusive to some listeners, the content is powerful and satisfying, a reminder of why Patty Griffin is one of our best singer/songwriters."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"This project is far more adventurous in its presentation of a unique and provocative sonic palette."
Rolling Stone,80,"Theres the moody and mysterious Everythings Changed, finely sung over a repeated riff, and a pained and personal ballad, You Never Asked Me, which already sounds like a standard."
Drowned In Sound,78,"Servant of Love is anything but standard. Griffin deftly experiments with Arabic-style guitar-picking and eerie, chanting vocals on the stark and political 'Good and Gone.'"
Record Collector,70,"The stylistic mix recalls territory she has explored before, notably in Robert Plant's revived Band of Joy project in 2010. But it's never felt so much like personal vernacular."


Dusted Magazine,80,"O'Donovan knows how to sing perfectly with sparse and delicate arrangements and the album, which also features Tucker Martine (the Decemberists), shows she can create some magic of her own on this her second solo album."
Uncut,80,"In producer Tucker Martines hands (hes worked with Neko Case, Punch Brothers, the Decemberists and Laura Veirs), ODonovans music sounds light and atmospheric, her folk freed up by billowing electric guitars and sensitive percussion."
AllMusic,80,"In the Magic Hour lives up to its title. O'Donovan's sometimes searing, always poetically rendered lyrics are matched by astute, economically articulated melodies."
PopMatters,80,"In The Magic Hour is, in turn, both exhilarating and exploratory. [Feb 2016, p.97]"
The New York Times,80,"Sweetness and sadness find a tenuous balance in the voice of Aoife ODonovan--and in the songs on her second album, In the Magic Hour."
The Wire,80,"With subtle rhythms and interesting melodies, In The Magic Hour delivers both lightness and depth in one hauntingly beautiful recording."
PopMatters,70,"Its a haunting, generally melancholy 40 minutes that cries out for repeated playings to best capture the fleeting melodies, atmospheric performances and the singers delicate concepts."
Mojo,60,"Stanley Park, Hornets and Magpie carry a wistful, charming nostalgia about them, but maybe it's a generation too removed making In The Magic Hour's nods to tradition often superficial rather than tapping into the music's deepest heartbeat. [Feb 2016, p.115]"
Blurt Magazine,80,"The gorgeous harmonies of Fran Foote add further engagement on a set rich in attitude and uncompromising intent. [Nov 2015, p.91]"
The Quietus,80,"It isnt completely nonny-less, but its folk more in the tradition of Topics Voice Of The People series of pub-sourced field recordings than in the tradition of Orwells sandal-wearing, fruit-drinking nudists."
Uncut,80,"A powerful and original debut."
The Wire,80,"The wheedling estuary vowels can get over-stretched (What care I fer me goose fevver bed? as Seven Gypsies has it) but theres joy and mournfulness in originals like Me n Becky and By of River while standards like Hard Times of Old England and Bows of London emerge urgent and tragic."


AllMusic,80,"Bar the grating closer, it's their most beautiful yet. [Apr 2016, p.89]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"Above the Prairie unfolds as a series of shimmering, seductive soundscapes that effectively convey the other-worldly imagery asserted in its title. Within this beguiling set of songs, a dream-like scenario with a nocturnal gaze unfolds."
Pitchfork,80,"Above the Prairie sometimes feels like a roots art record; at times your asked to consider what Radiohead might sound like if driven by wood and steel rather than ones and zeros."
Uncut,70,"Eventually, the songs do sink in, but the reason to return to the album is its ability to conjure a specific feeling, whether it's the second the sun sets or the moment that paved highway gives way to backwoods dirt roads."
Magnet,80,"Colvin struggles with the Bands complex Acadian Driftwood, but otherwise shines."
PopMatters,70,"Uncovered could be considered a sequel of sorts. Here again, Colvin culls the set list from the efforts of others. In a way, its more adventurous than before, due not only to the diversity of her sources (Bruce Springsteen, Paul Simon, Tom Waits, Stevie Wonder et. al.), but also to the stripped down approach which finds her sharing the spotlight with producer Steuart Smiths acoustic guitar and little else in the way of additional accoutrement."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Overall, Uncovered stands up as much as you could want a cover album to; Colvin puts her own folk spin on things and keeps that sound strong throughout."
The Wire,67,"Uncovered, the longtime local's second covers album, both respects its material's wellsprings and celebrates them through a different, and at times unrecognizable, lens."
Record Collector,60,"Colvin needs to bring something new to the songs, but for the most part does not perform them much differently than the older tunes."
Mojo,60,"Uncovered feels slightly spare and quiet in comparison [to 1994's Cover Girl]--there are no productions as bright and full as that on 'Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic'--but it follows the same basic formula as that album, with Colvin finding the quiet, intimate heart lying in each of these songs."


The Line of Best Fit,100,"Throughout, this is the sound of three world-class talents raising their respective games, as if trying to keep up with each other, creating something far greater even than the sum of their world-class parts."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Enlightened and challenging... an incredible String Band for a brave new world. [Mar 2016, p.99]"
The New York Times,80,"It isn't easy to pigeonhole, but it could just be one of the albums of the year. [Feb 2016, p.84]"
The Quietus,80,"Bravely original and worth checking out."
The Telegraph (UK),75,"It makes for a beguiling, snuggling sort of a record, easy to float away to at times, wild and cinematic at others, but always with a warm and unconstructed feel."
Pitchfork,70,"Although occasionally lacking focus (unsurprising, since large chunks were apparently improvised) it is a quietly mesmerising piece of work that breathes new life into Yorkstons career."
Uncut,60,"The mood is mostly contemplative, with Khan embellishing songs like the wistful title track with sinuous cello-like parts, while he gets his own devotional outings (Knochentanz, Sufi Song), where Yorkston just did my best to keep up."
Boston Globe,60,"Unforced and rewarding. [Feb 2016, p.119]"
Exclaim,100,"Lament For Nepal is one of three love letters to the earthquake-ravaged Kathmandu Valley. A stark Nepali bell opens and closes this haunting piece, though as is so often the case with Chapman, the English pastoral qualities of the composition are equally compelling."
AllMusic,80,"Fish is Chapman still pushing out the boat and long may he sail. [Nov 2015, p.86]"
American Songwriter,80,"Fish finds a gorgeous middle ground between lambent guitar soli, all slow rivers of singing steel string guitar, and richer, more resonant arrangements. [Nov 2015, p.72]"
Mojo,80,"Fish at first doesnt come across as the sort of defining, revelatory work that The Resurrection and Revenge of The Clayton Peacock and, to a lesser extent, Pachyderm were, but its pleasures are more subtle, revealing themselves in increments."
The Observer (UK),80,"Fish is his fortieth release where the folksy fingerpicking comes lightly southern fried and, lyricless, Its virtuoso playing which tells Michaels story"


PopMatters,60,"Wildfire is the work of a determined singer/songwriter who prizes craft over poetry or introspection. Platten specializes in skyscraping melodies and big, bombastic surfaces and these are the elements that not only fuel Wildfire, they distinguish it from the singer/songwriter's clear antecedents."
Consequence of Sound,50,"The wounded Better Place and soothing Superman stand out, showing how Plattens songwriting skills can be used to tease out emotional subtleties. But too often here shes battling stuffed-to-the-gills arrangements."
Consequence of Sound,50,"She has a clear, edgeless voice, and shes versatile, though often here it can sound like shes blindly experimenting with styles."
Paste Magazine,40,"Efficient in conjuring intense emotion, the album has the hallmarks of a temporary success, but Plattens identity gets lost. This chameleon-like character is a mutant of pop artistry--a country twang occasionally slips into her intonation, and the ghosts of Carly Rae Jepsen, Shakira and Katy Perry haunt the lofty choruses."
AllMusic,70,"A different male duetting partner graces each track, with outstanding contributions from Jackson Browne and Willie Nelson among others. Yet all take a back seat tot he preternatural clarity of Collins' own soprano voice. [Nov 2015, p.73]"
Under The Radar,70,"While much of the material here falls pretty squarely in each vocalist's wheelhouse, there are a few surprises."
The Guardian,60,"She's assembled an intriguing set of duets. [Nov 2015, p.91]"
The Observer (UK),60,"Its that kind of affair: fine in parts but far too eclectic for its own good. Collins remains in fine fettle, though, and the choices are fair enough given her Broadway pedigree and eye for a standard."


Record Collector,80,"A wonderful album. [Jan 2016, p.93]"
Q Magazine,80,"Reids voice is wistful and reflective, sometimes blurring the syllables, and it gives this startlingly good debut a feeling of warmth, a welcoming Aga in the musical kitchen."
Exclaim,80,"Nadia Reid's impeccable debut will maybe set a wider orbit in motion. [Dec 2015, p.77]"
Spin,80,"Call the Days, the track that heralded this brand new folk-inclined singer-songwriters extraordinarily assured debut, suggested an Antipodean Laura Marling, a talented 24-year-old with a preternatural ability to translate internal weather into chords and words."
Uncut,72,"Not to underestimate the experiences behind Reid's lyrics, but the loss of faith that unravels throughout the record comes off a little grave, reminiscent of those fogged post-heartbreak moments where it's impossible to believe you'll ever be happy again.... But there are also beautiful, revealing turns of phrase."
PopMatters,70,"These are strong songs. This is a coherent, mature piece of work."
Record Collector,95,"The result is a record that feels as weighty as a work of literature, but also as enveloping and beautiful as the best albums that the folk music genre has ever produced."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"These songs benefit from Gundersens past, yet leave hope (some of it, at least) and genteelness behind in a cloud of ambient smoke. Good. [No. 123, p.59]"
AllMusic,80,"Old fans of Gundersens EPs and Ledges might want something that seems less polished, as well as songs that dive even deeper into religious matters--this is not a somewhat inaccessible indie album. It is, however, melancholy beautiful pop that explores some of livings hard questions."
Mojo,70,"While Carry the Ghost is a sullen work, with lyrics that deal head-on with reality, and processing rather than wallowing, Gundersen hits a beautifully wistful sweet spot in tone both lyrically and musically."
Mojo,60,"For all its shattered circumstance, Carry the Ghost makes the most of its heavy baggage."


musicOMH.com,80,"The talent and vision of these artists makes this a surprisingly powerful and impressive work, and is a testament to the fact both the Mekons and Robbie Fulks need to record more often. When they do, the results are never ordinary, and neither disappoints."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"In short, its a one-off that makes accidental magic, bringing disparate talents into temporary alignment without blunting their differences. If its a reality show, then its one that works and one in which no one should get voted off the island."
AllMusic,80,"Very close to perfect, Jura is gleefully light-hearted one moment and unbearably tragic the next, making it one of the best releases from either artist in some time."
Q Magazine,80,"The great flaw of this album is that it isn't a concert, and the listener is not right there with the band; it feels disconcerting to be listening to an album of alternately rollicking and mournful populist sing-alongs while alone in one's living room."
The Guardian,80,"You'll want to let the whole record play, but Refill, Land Ahoy! and Mekons' anthemic Beaten And Broken (sung by Fulks) are highlights."
Blurt Magazine,70,"The discontinuity gives Jura a sense of spontaneity and pays homage to an old musical community, but also makes the album feel more like the one-off, just-for-fun, conceptual project that it is."
Exclaim,70,"A crop of startling, striped-down songs. [Feb 2016, p.78]"
PopMatters,70,"The album exudes the salty air of the conditions it was recorded in, which makes it a success on that level. How much your tastes lean towards undiluted, traditional Brit folk will gauge your enjoyment for this batch of unadulterated music in that genre, played and conceived with the purest of intentions."
AllMusic,80,"He more often turns the spotlight on himself, raw and uncompromisingly direct in a way that only an album recorded in a few short days can be. [Feb 2016, p.115]"
The Telegraph (UK),80,"It is the most raw and intimate long-player in the 15-year career of this fine Nashville-via-New England singer-songwriter. [Feb 2016, p.93]"
Pitchfork,80,"His latest release, Fortune, weds his marvelous lyrical economy to music that ranges from spare acoustic guitar to a clanging junkyard sound, and proves once again that hes a ringmaster at turning misery into art."
Consequence of Sound,60,"Rod Picott achieves his aim of making an authentic studio version of his live shows in his new album Fortune. The material is sometimes contemporary."


AllMusic,80,"A highly listenable rebirth."
Uncut,80,"The spirit moves zeroes in on [the lines separating faith and hope, optimism and cynicism, and emotioanl carnage] in bare, existential terms... with the ferocity of a soul singer pushed to the edge. [Aug 2015, p.80]"
The Guardian,70,"The Spirit Moves sounds like a sure-footed step in the right direction."
The Telegraph (UK),60,"For all the potency of Slims feelings, however, the albums downfall is that it is musically and lyrically as well-trodden as his battered, beating heart."
Record Collector,80,"As an indicator of the kind of music the Wainwrights indulged in at home while they and their many and various offspring went on to charm and dazzle the musical world, this is an invaluable document. For those who simply want a dazzling, slow sunset of a folk record with the occasional lyrical bite--the same applies."
PopMatters,80,"Most recordings of lullabies are long on charm and short on substance, but the Wainwright Sisters have made an album that will suit a thoughtful mom or dad as much as a restless youngster, and Songs in the Dark is something special from two remarkable talents."
Uncut,80,"he Wainwright Sisters' voices blend together perfectly, and the melodies here are calming--almost too much so. A close listen to the lyrics, though, reveals the darker side of bedtime stories."
AllMusic,80,"Some people may see Songs In The Dark as a curio, simply recorded for in order to keep the legacy of the McGarrigle canon alive and well. Yet its the black humour and obvious love for the material that lifts this into another sphere."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Its a wonderful collection, with even Richard Thompsons cold-comfort message in End Of The Rainbow imbued with a warm glow."
PopMatters,70,"This is not the Music for Little People style of cute professionalism. Songs in the Dark reach back to the roots of traditional music for kids when it was sung as much to provide solace for the parents as well as to entertain the kids."
American Songwriter,70,"Disappointingly, there's a lack of biting vocal interaction between the half-sisters, nothing ti match the delectable harmonies  that graced the McGarrigles or less feted Roches. [Dec 2015, p.81]"
Q Magazine,60,"Some of it is beautiful, but perhaps they should've enlisted the help of their offbeat brother Rufus to add a bit more colour to the canvas. [Jan 2016, p.115]"
The Guardian,60,"A few tunes are forgettable (Baby Rocking Medley, Hobo's Lullaby), but for the most part the album is full of gorgeous harmonies and refreshingly sparse instrumentation."
AllMusic,60,"An album drenched in familiar swathes of charm, pathos, elegance and black humour. [Dec 2015, p.90]"


PopMatters,88,"That such a simple record, short on frills and long on naked aesthetic, offers such impact in a world of machined pop and beat-driven urban music speaks volumes for the power of stripping things back, then letting the talent shine."
Pitchfork,80,"Their new debut album, Watkins Family Hour, retains all the homespun intimacy of a bunch of musicians enjoying one anothers company and talent."
The Wire,80,"As a stage experiment, Watkins Family Hour has thrived for 13 years, and now with a fine record to document their efforts, they've hit on a format that could offer boundless possibilities for years to come."
Uncut,74,"With this crystalline collection, Watkins Family Hour offers a more compelling insight."
Q Magazine,60,"There's plenty of variety on Watkins Family Hour, with each member of the band getting a turn as lead vocalist."
The Guardian,60,"Watkins Family Hour is a slight but enjoyable album without pretensions to being anything more than slight and enjoyable."
The Telegraph (UK),100,"He worked tirelessly to perfect these songs. And its a revelation to hear just how he got there, and the compelling missteps and musical frustrations he experienced along the way."
Uncut,100,"One of the most illuminating facets of The Cutting Edge is what an unequivocal testament it is, both to the layered ingenuity of the session musicians and Dylans self-ordained composing pursuits."
Boston Globe,100,"he Bootleg Series Vol. 12: The Cutting Edge 19651966 is more than just music--its cultural history of colossal significance. This collection is a resource that fans and students of Dylans work will reference again and again as the years and decades pass and these classic albums are introduced to new generations of music fans."
Punknews.org (Staff),100,"By breaking down the barriers that separated these three albums, The Cutting Edge shows how for Dylan during this blinding, brilliant peak his music was a living thing, evolving from song to song, take to take, where the quest itself was as transcendent as the final destination."
Under The Radar,100,"The 65-66 era of his career occupies rarefied space in the annals of rock; The Cutting Edge somehow demystifies it and makes it seem more impressive all at once. For a guy who once warned us not to look back, Bob Dylan keeps giving us irresistible reasons to do exactly that."
AllMusic,100,"For anyone remotely interested in how great art is made, [the deluxe edition] is the equivalent of an audio master class as Dylan works, reworks and reworks again the song until it sonically captures the energy, defiance, outrage, empathy, celebration and liberation embedded in the lyrics."
Magnet,100,"To this day, Dylan regards the studio as an artifact-making machine and not a magical chamber freezing definitive versions of his songs. The Bootleg Series has bolstered this opinion before but never presented his creative process so nakedly. For any music fan, this is pure treasure."
Consequence of Sound,100,"The songs on The Cutting Edge are just as brash, bristling and amazing to hear as they were when they were first unleashed half a century ago."
Rolling Stone,89,"The 6-disc set witnesses the studio process as it unfolded 50 years ago, particularly the CD unfolding the complete session for 'Like a Rolling Stone.'... Experience history in real time."
Pitchfork,87,"The Cutting Edge is music of the present, but not the '60s present, an eternal present; the songs are about observation and they exist in a place where it's always now, in sound and word."
Los Angeles Times,80,"The Cutting Edge allows fans to bear witness to perhaps the most astonishing explosion of language and sound in rock history, a new approach to song being forged before our very ears."
NOW Magazine,80,"At the very least, listening to The Cutting Edge 1965-1966 should send you scurrying back to the official versions of those three classic Bob Dylan albums. Its his story, and its history, reconsidered one more time."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"Its fascinating to hear how some songs started in one direction and darted into another one entirely."


The Guardian,80,"An instrumental, Peckets Well, highlights the beauty and lyricism of his solo guitar, but the real worth here lies in lyrics that offer listeners clear descriptors of Tilstons concerns, such as the warnings for mankind encompassed in Running Out Of Road."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Yet another thoughtful and classy album."
Record Collector,60,"Mostly the mood is personal and reflective, with Tilstons guitar supported by deft touches of bass, autoharp and piano. Classy work."
AllMusic,60,"[A] heartfelt, reflective LP. [Nov 2015, p.91]"
musicOMH.com,80,"Martin cedes more of the spotlight to Brickell than ever, his strumming always sturdily present but rarely showy....  But Brickell also brings out the best in Martin, revealing his subtlest strengths."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"This is unapologetically well-tailored contemporary music, drawing upon the traditions of Kentucky and Laurel Canyon to create something gentle, pretty, and substantive, something that is as enchanting as it was the first time around."
The Guardian,70,"A follow-up thats every bit as charming and melodious as their first."
musicOMH.com,60,"The addition of Hammond, fiddle and nicely understated guitar make So Familiar one of the strongest tracks with Edie Brickell reining in the often drawly mannerisms of her singing style to accompany with great effect. Other songs are not so successful in marrying the feel of bluegrass with the sweep of a big song."
PopMatters,60,"That's the vibe of the rootsy music they make, too: smart and stately, full of detailed craft and unfussy intimacy."
Mojo,60,"It's not as striking as its predecessor. [Dec 2015, p.75]"
Uncut,60,"Simplicity rules throughout and the material doesn't stray far from folk roots, yet always sounds contemporary. [Dec 2015, p.92]"


The Observer (UK),80,"There is song crafting of an exceptional variety as Sermanni delivers ten solid songs, the longest just a touch under five minutes, that all have an important story to tell."
The Quietus,80,"Tied to the Moon is a captivating follow-up to her 2012 debut, Under Mountains, offering a richer, darker take on the soft folk of that record."
Exclaim,80,"Tied To The Moon is a beautiful record, so full of intricacies that it continues to reward with every listen, allowing you to lose yourself in its stories."
NOW Magazine,80,"Minimal, murky, magnificent. [Aug 2015, p.96]"
Pitchfork,80,"At times she strives too hard for Tom Waitsian wonky Americana. But more often she makes the Canadian wilderness her own."
PopMatters,70,"There's something of the teenage Laura Marking about Rachel Sermanni. [Aug 2015, p.78]"
Uncut,70,"The 23-year-old is most impressive when channeling the heartfelt huskiness of Edith Piaff on the old timey Ive Got A Girl, which rolls across the backdrop of a hefty Waitsian polka."

Paste Magazine,90,"Jeffrey Lewis has finally written an album that people will look back on in twenty years and say this was the first album in what will hopefully be seen as his classic period."
Slant Magazine,80,"Lewis is unlikely to ever dramatically change; instead his music slowly develops and wizens, as we all do. Itll be fun growing old with him."
American Songwriter,80,"Whilst Jeffrey Lewiss self-knowing musings and musical personas will still remain an acquired peripheral taste for some, its pleasing that Manhattan finds him in such rude health, as arguably his most compelling and charismatic collection since 2007s 12 Crass Songs."
Spin,80,"Sonically, Manhattan is one of Lewis' clearest, best-recorded and arranged albums to date, with masses of swirling, atmospheric sounds augmenting the more detailed tracks (the sounds of crowded New York City streets and subways seep into some of the songs)."
Mojo,80,"A droll, tender-hearted and richly rewarding album."
PopMatters,80,"With his amiable croak and humour warming his observations, Manhattan is no bitter mope. [Dec 2015, p.90]"
AllMusic,75,"Musically speaking, there are a few hopefully upbeat indie-folk numbers to provide a certain spark to the otherwise bleak lyrical subject matter."
Blurt Magazine,70,"One of his strongest outings ever."
Magnet,70,"Like all of his work, it's thoughtful, humble, introspective, funny and endlessly digressive. [Dec 2015, p.72]"
The Wire,60,"While his delivery remains pleasingly rough roud the edges, Lewis has come a long way since initially finding recognition as part of the antifolk scene. Pleasing aspects of Manhattan are the lengthy likes of Back To Manhattan."
PopMatters,60,"Musically, it sticks to bardic folk ramble or--as on the brilliantly bilious Have A baby--bubblepunk aggro, but lyrically, Lewis is still finds new paths zig-zagging through his familiar patch. [Dec 2015, p.109]"
Uncut,90,"On The Sovereign Self, they combine to remarkable effect. This is not an easy record, but it needs to be heard. Again and again."
The Quietus,80,"An extension of their ever-evolving canon, The Sovereign Self is possibly Trembling Bells' most colorful journey yet, with a wayfaring rock & roll spirit and a madcap zeal that keep it sounding fresh."
Clash Music,80,"Well worth imbibing."
Exclaim,80,"Whilst sounding altogether more psychologically and sonically cluttered, the challenges this album presents are as invigorating as its rewards--poetic beauty can still be found amidst the lysergic confusion."
Pitchfork,80,"Sprawling, strange, baffling and beguiling, this psychedelic treasure is unlikely to appeal to the unadventurous, but its hard to imagine there will be another album released anywhere this year thats quite like it."
AllMusic,80,"Plangent retro charm. [Jul 2015, p.89]"
The Line of Best Fit,70,"His voice is better suited to confiding, but it's slapped on top rather than properly featured, and this seems symptomatic of the muddy arranging, But the aim is to swagger and excite, and the group's ragged fervour is not in doubt. [Jun 2015, p.50]"
The 405,70,"The quintet are a crack unit, powered by hard rock riffs, jazz and Krautrock-informed drums and flights of flute-based fancy."
Q Magazine,70,"The breadth is a big part of the charm. [Jul 2015, p.83]"
Mojo,60,"There are some fine songs here, from the gloriously strange O, Where Is Saint George? to the epic I Is Someone Else, but the albums excitedly noisy production would benefit from greater degree of variety."


The Observer (UK),100,"On this remarkable double album, 21 artists rework his songs, ranging from poignant studies of working lives to political comment and love ballads."
Paste Magazine,80,"It is a fitting tribute and resounding success. [Jan 2016, p.81]"
AllMusic,80,"This is an essential, lovingly compiled collection that succeeds in doing justice to MacColls songwriting skill."
Drowned In Sound,80,"An already bright field of songs that have been treated with the utmost care and concern, which is a testament to both MacColl's great body of work and the musicians who were affected by it."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"This 21-track centenary tribute underscores what a fine songwriter he was."
Q Magazine,80,"Respectful, then, but not set in aspic."
Consequence of Sound,70,"Unlike Bruce Springsteens similarly rootsy and far peppier tribute to Pete Seeger, this fine ballad heavy collection probably wont attract the attention its compilers are hoping for and garner the posthumous stateside appreciation MacColl deserves."
Under The Radar,100,"This is one of the most beautiful albums youll hear this year or any other, speaking softly but resonating deeply and long after the last sounds fade away."
AllMusic,100,"All 11 tracks are evocative and addictive."
Mojo,80,"A true post-folk record, dyed in the acoustic sound of the English and Californian folk movements of the late 1960s and early 70s, but not particularly scholarly or eccentric."
musicOMH.com,80,"All 11 original songs spiral out from a strong, controlled core of patience."
Q Magazine,80,"It carefully builds--creatively and emotionally--on everything Baird had accomplished so far and ascends to another level entirely."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Dont Weigh Down The Light certainly rewards repeated listening."
Record Collector,80,"Baird has produced a record that you know deserves to be heard, yet want to keep all to yourself."
The Guardian,80,"Baird's mixture of history-steeped elements keeps her songs from being tethered to any given time period, including the present, which makes them apt vehicles for words about relationships fraught with uncertainty. [Jun 2015, p.42]"
Uncut,80,"Fashions change, but Baird's music remains gorgeous, harbouring a kind of still magic without resorting to self-consciously wyrd affectations. [Jul 2015, p.71]"
The Observer (UK),80,"Dont Weigh Down the Light is a precise, meditative work, and one that can be rewarding with each successive listen."
AllMusic,80,"Things can get twee--but this feels like a tiny church in that forest, sacred and touching. [Jul 2015, p.92]"
Blurt Magazine,71,"Baird's voice sounds as potent and icy-clear as ever."
The Wire,70,"Its hard to properly describe an album which needs to be experienced from start to finish rather than intimately analysed. Give yourself the opportunity to become part of Meg Bairds brave new world. You wont be disappointed."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Despite possessing a somewhat dour countenance, the main effect of this record is a sort of replenishment."
Boston Globe,70,"Espers, the rockier duo with which she made her name, seem to be on permanent hiatus, but this more than suffices."
Mojo,65,"It's all beautifully crafted, though very sad. [No. 122, p.53]"
Uncut,60,"These songs aren't as charcoal-stark as her earlier solo work, but the aura of breathy acid-folk enchantment can leave the feeling there is too much atmospheric smoke, not enough revelatory mirror. [Aug 2015, p.104]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"Not a great deal seems to be happening--then you are suddenly brought up short by the guitar that sings out on Back to You or the polyphony of Leaving Song."


The Quietus,85,"In guitar lines that are jittery with pop portent, hosting a sharp-witted party for nonbelivers everywhere. [No. 125, p.61]"
Magnet,80,"Ritter draws liberally from the well of himself, others and the Bible, and it's a fun ride."
Pitchfork,80,"The recurring hallmark is Ritter's literate storytelling. [Nov 2015, p.94]"
The 405,80,"Sermon On The Rocks is a wild ride, with producer Trina Shoemaker adding vivid colours to the singer's rolling rock gospel. [Dec 2015, p.78]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Singer-songwriter Josh Ritter is moving fast on his eighth album, but he never puts a foot wrong. The 12-track collection, produced by Trina Shoemaker over two weeks in New Orleans, is positively giddy with wordplay."
PopMatters,70,"With his latest, Ritter has achieved the near impossible, fully reimagining his own art while still holding close to what's always made him special."
The Telegraph (UK),70,"Sermon on the Rocks is an album where Josh Ritter allows himself to have some fun while showing that his skills as a songwriter have emerged unscathed after his divorce, and it suggests that his future is as bright as ever."
PopMatters,60,"Sermon on the Rocks should speak to anyone with an ear for melody and an appreciation for a commanding, compelling delivery. Whether or not this broadens Ritters reach remains to be seen, but even if it falls short, be assured that its still excellent regardless."
Spin,60,"It will always be a pleasure to hear Ritter's songs, to spend some time in his warm, rich universe. But he needs a new band, badly."
Mojo,100,"A brilliant, nigh-on faultless work from an acknowledged master."
Blurt Magazine,90,"Put them all together and you've got a drink that goes down hard, with a potent bittersweetness distilled by a master. [No. 122, p.60]"
Boston Globe,80,"Everything you want from Richard Thompson is right here, right now, on Still. You wont notice Jeff Tweedy all that much, which is as big a compliment as one can make of any producer."
American Songwriter,80,"A typically finely crafted slice of emotionally raw storytelling with an absolute peach if a guitar solo. [Aug 2015, p.93]"
AllMusic,80,"Always good for a spirited rock song, he infuses Patty Don't You Put Me Down with narrative wit and charge that recalls contemporary Bob Dylan. We're all lucky that Thompson is on fire these days."
Q Magazine,80,"Newly recruited producer Jeff Tweedy brings fresh textures to a mix of bluesy rock, delicate acoustica and skirling electric folk, but mostly he stands back and lets a master do his stuff."
The Observer (UK),80,"The set starts with a slow, sturdy ballad of hope and change, She Never Could Resist a Winding Road, then settles into stories of pained love and sexual frustration that will, I suspect, sound even better live. The best is left for last."
Uncut,80,"With Still, Richard Thompson fans can rejoice in knowing all the aspects of his exemplary talents remain intact."
Rolling Stone,80,"The musicianship is so uniformly good that you forget about it and allow yourself to be swept onward by the songs."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Tweedy keeps up an unobtrusive presence throughout, letting Thompson play to his strengths, and it all results in another reliably consistent album."
Billboard.com,80,"The news (good or bad) is that Tweedy helped Thompson make just the sort of album that's made him one of our greatest legacy artists, and it's an example of why Thompson is still worth hearing 43 years into a career that shows no signs of stopping."
Paste Magazine,80,"Tightly wound--easygoing but uptight; the work of a man still striving for a modest kind of perfection. And--not for the first time--with Still he has almost achieved it. [Jul 2015, p.65]"
Exclaim,80,"The best moments here find Thompson more restrained, particularly the sinuous, fingerpicked beauty of Beatnik Walking and the rueful, all-acoustic Josephine."
AllMusic,75,"No, this is not his strongest work to date, but it certainly keeps him in the conversation."
Pitchfork,75,"One clunker on an album full of gems doesn't drag everything else down, though, and Thompson deserves all our respect--he's been through the major-label wringer, found his place where he can be celebrated as he deserves among his independent fans, and is still making complicated, thoughtful, intricate, resonant music on his own terms many decades deep into his career."
The Quietus,75,"Thompson's new album arrives as another example of how a mature artist can continue to innovate."
The Wire,70,"Still, even with the expected flaws of latter day Thompson releases, continues the winning streak of his last two albums of new music."
The Guardian,70,"Whilst Still could certainly have benefitted from a greater cache of stronger songs (a couple of which could have been swapped-in from the largely electric self-produced Variations EP that comes with early CD editions), as a combined entity it holds together convincingly as an amiable summary of what latter-day Richard Thompson is all about."
Drowned In Sound,70,"With the help of producer Jeff Tweedy, Thompson knows that bitterness goes down easiest when paired with autumnal Celtic-pub melodies (see 'Josephine,' which evokes his time in Fairport Convention)."
The 405,70,"Still is Thompson through and through."
Clash Music,60,"Rewarding, yet keep it familiar at the same time."
Q Magazine,50,"Things begin promisingly with She Never Could Resist a Winding Road and Beatnik Walking, two nimbly played songs on which Thompson and his band get to show off their chops without showing off.... Unfortunately, that fact [a relatively small band playing together on relatively little time] begins to show for the worse on 'Patty Dont You Put Me Down.'"


Uncut,95,"Servant of Love--Griffins first new work since both 2013s reflective American Kid and Silver Bell (recorded in 2000 but released 13 years after the fact)--takes the Maine-born songwriter to more complex, yet spare musical planes."
Pretty Much Amazing,80,"The results are astonishing."
Consequence of Sound,80,"The most poignant moments involve simple memories."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"If anything, this is more consistent and satisfying record, one that emphatically places her at the forefront of modern roots music. [Nov 2015, p.72]"
No Ripcord,80,"You will hear her work ethic throughout, positively Spartan, and tinged with rueful truth. A courtly service for all to attend."
PopMatters,80,"Servant of Love is an album that needs a few spins to be fully appreciated, but it's as sincere, heartfelt, and artful as anything Griffin has released to date, and if the form may seem elusive to some listeners, the content is powerful and satisfying, a reminder of why Patty Griffin is one of our best singer/songwriters."
NOW Magazine,80,"This project is far more adventurous in its presentation of a unique and provocative sonic palette."
Mojo,80,"Theres the moody and mysterious Everythings Changed, finely sung over a repeated riff, and a pained and personal ballad, You Never Asked Me, which already sounds like a standard."
The Observer (UK),78,"Servant of Love is anything but standard. Griffin deftly experiments with Arabic-style guitar-picking and eerie, chanting vocals on the stark and political 'Good and Gone.'"
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"The stylistic mix recalls territory she has explored before, notably in Robert Plant's revived Band of Joy project in 2010. But it's never felt so much like personal vernacular."
Rolling Stone,90,"If the songwriting at times falls into cliche, the performances--passionate, eloquent, spilling over with regal harmonies--are anything but. [Jul 2015, p.72]"
Magnet,80,"Gorgeously recorded and mixed by Guip, Larry Campbell & Teresa Williams is 44 minutes of roots music gold."
Paste Magazine,80,"Hearing this collection, countless Americana fans will understandably wonder why we have waited so long for this duo to commit themselves to record."
The Telegraph (UK),70,"Its a more countrified album, with the two singers, partners by marriage, often harmonizing in a rough blend. Things work best when Ms. Williams takes the lead."


PopMatters,80,"The gorgeous harmonies of Fran Foote add further engagement on a set rich in attitude and uncompromising intent. [Nov 2015, p.91]"
AllMusic,80,"It isnt completely nonny-less, but its folk more in the tradition of Topics Voice Of The People series of pub-sourced field recordings than in the tradition of Orwells sandal-wearing, fruit-drinking nudists."
Exclaim,80,"A powerful and original debut."
Spin,80,"The wheedling estuary vowels can get over-stretched (What care I fer me goose fevver bed? as Seven Gypsies has it) but theres joy and mournfulness in originals like Me n Becky and By of River while standards like Hard Times of Old England and Bows of London emerge urgent and tragic."
Uncut,80,"Much thought has gone into the arrangements and programming, and that provides surprises as well as variety, but the consistent bottom line is respect for the songs, which is surely the best way to pay tribute to Collins herself. [May 2015, p.52]"
The Guardian,80,"If nothing else, Shirley Inspired provides an ideal 21st century entry point into a vast riches of traditional British folk music. Should the names attached draw the initial interest to this collection, the quality of the material and variety of arrangements and interpretations will hold the listeners attention across the more than three hours of rich material here."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Shirley Inspired and Unheard Songs both bear rich testament to the fact that posterity is barely getting started in these two. [Jul 2015, p.88]"
Uncut,80,"Its a wonderful soul inspiring, mournfully imbued compendium of her songs that will hopefully continue to inspire an even younger crop of musicians on into the future."
AllMusic,80,"It's the great triumph of this collection, one that goes beyond whether it hangs together as a body of work. In bringing together artists from around the world Shirley Inspired should help to ensure that these tales are not forgotten."
NOW Magazine,80,"Perhaps inevitably, it's female voices that fare best. [Aug 2015, p.81]"


PopMatters,80,"Colvin struggles with the Bands complex Acadian Driftwood, but otherwise shines."
Uncut,70,"Uncovered could be considered a sequel of sorts. Here again, Colvin culls the set list from the efforts of others. In a way, its more adventurous than before, due not only to the diversity of her sources (Bruce Springsteen, Paul Simon, Tom Waits, Stevie Wonder et. al.), but also to the stripped down approach which finds her sharing the spotlight with producer Steuart Smiths acoustic guitar and little else in the way of additional accoutrement."
Exclaim,70,"Overall, Uncovered stands up as much as you could want a cover album to; Colvin puts her own folk spin on things and keeps that sound strong throughout."
The Wire,67,"Uncovered, the longtime local's second covers album, both respects its material's wellsprings and celebrates them through a different, and at times unrecognizable, lens."
Mojo,60,"Colvin needs to bring something new to the songs, but for the most part does not perform them much differently than the older tunes."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Uncovered feels slightly spare and quiet in comparison [to 1994's Cover Girl]--there are no productions as bright and full as that on 'Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic'--but it follows the same basic formula as that album, with Colvin finding the quiet, intimate heart lying in each of these songs."

Record Collector,100,"Lament For Nepal is one of three love letters to the earthquake-ravaged Kathmandu Valley. A stark Nepali bell opens and closes this haunting piece, though as is so often the case with Chapman, the English pastoral qualities of the composition are equally compelling."
The Quietus,80,"Fish is Chapman still pushing out the boat and long may he sail. [Nov 2015, p.86]"
AllMusic,80,"Fish finds a gorgeous middle ground between lambent guitar soli, all slow rivers of singing steel string guitar, and richer, more resonant arrangements. [Nov 2015, p.72]"
Pitchfork,80,"Fish at first doesnt come across as the sort of defining, revelatory work that The Resurrection and Revenge of The Clayton Peacock and, to a lesser extent, Pachyderm were, but its pleasures are more subtle, revealing themselves in increments."
Q Magazine,80,"Fish is his fortieth release where the folksy fingerpicking comes lightly southern fried and, lyricless, Its virtuoso playing which tells Michaels story"

The Observer (UK),70,"A different male duetting partner graces each track, with outstanding contributions from Jackson Browne and Willie Nelson among others. Yet all take a back seat tot he preternatural clarity of Collins' own soprano voice. [Nov 2015, p.73]"
Mojo,70,"While much of the material here falls pretty squarely in each vocalist's wheelhouse, there are a few surprises."
Uncut,60,"She's assembled an intriguing set of duets. [Nov 2015, p.91]"
AllMusic,60,"Its that kind of affair: fine in parts but far too eclectic for its own good. Collins remains in fine fettle, though, and the choices are fair enough given her Broadway pedigree and eye for a standard."

American Songwriter,80,"[Bachman] offers a pretty good idea of where he's coming from. If it sometimes feels like the stream of America pimitivist fingerpicking artists is neverending, Bachman does at least apply his digits to a variety of instruments. [May 2015, p.56]"
Q Magazine,80,"River is not only the work of a master guitarist, but also that of a sophisticated composer. Bachman's confidence in interpreting his own musical ideas on the fretboard is now equal to his skill in playing the lineage music that inspires him."
Exclaim,80,"It is the first album he ever recorded in a studio, and both the clarity of the recording and the precision of the performances betray considerable effort spent getting it right."
PopMatters,77,"River runs so well as a unit that, unless youre able to spot the tunes or sleuth the liner notes, you likely wont detect that Bachman didnt even write two of these numbers."
Blurt Magazine,70,"River is deeply embedded in a historical continuum. [Jun 2015, p.71]"

Pitchfork,95,"The result is a record that feels as weighty as a work of literature, but also as enveloping and beautiful as the best albums that the folk music genre has ever produced."
The Wire,80,"These songs benefit from Gundersens past, yet leave hope (some of it, at least) and genteelness behind in a cloud of ambient smoke. Good. [No. 123, p.59]"
Mojo,80,"Old fans of Gundersens EPs and Ledges might want something that seems less polished, as well as songs that dive even deeper into religious matters--this is not a somewhat inaccessible indie album. It is, however, melancholy beautiful pop that explores some of livings hard questions."
Record Collector,70,"While Carry the Ghost is a sullen work, with lyrics that deal head-on with reality, and processing rather than wallowing, Gundersen hits a beautifully wistful sweet spot in tone both lyrically and musically."
Uncut,60,"For all its shattered circumstance, Carry the Ghost makes the most of its heavy baggage."
The Line of Best Fit,90,"Every track here honors the spirit behind her perfromance style first and foremost. [No. 121, p.51]"
The Observer (UK),90,"Unheard Songs is a revelation; a more fitting tribute to a troubled artist could not be imagined."
Rolling Stone,88,"Some of these lines are so well-crafted that they're tough to bear."
Exclaim,80,"Each artist has taken her songs on their own terms, with out grandstanding, and this approach has yielded some inspired performances. [Jul 2015, p.46]"
PopMatters,80,"Dalton gets her dues and other voices gain welcome exposure."
The Quietus,80,"The results here are extraordinary. [Jul 2015, p.88]"
NOW Magazine,80,"The moments when the singers get braver with stamping their own personality on the material prove much more memorable."
Uncut,80,"For the most part Remembering Mountains is a success, with the source material being affectionately honoured yet imbued with the distinctive traits of the invited artists."
Clash Music,80,"Working separately, the songwriters converged in lonely reflection; the album adds up to a composite portrait of a ghost."
Mojo,80,"Dalton famously believed that a singer shouldn't have to raise her voice to be heard. These minimalist arrangements, whether it's Isobel Campbell affecting a slight twang to match her guitar or Larkin Grimm legitimate twang (and the album's only banjo), are a fitting tribute in themselves."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"You feel each artist shares your yearning to hear Dalton sing each song herself. Haunted and haunting."
Drowned In Sound,78,"Ttheres a palpable narrative here, a sense of loss and stillness, and it reanimates Dalton, if only for a moment. Its good to have her back."


AllMusic,80,"He more often turns the spotlight on himself, raw and uncompromisingly direct in a way that only an album recorded in a few short days can be. [Feb 2016, p.115]"
Uncut,80,"It is the most raw and intimate long-player in the 15-year career of this fine Nashville-via-New England singer-songwriter. [Feb 2016, p.93]"
The Observer (UK),80,"His latest release, Fortune, weds his marvelous lyrical economy to music that ranges from spare acoustic guitar to a clanging junkyard sound, and proves once again that hes a ringmaster at turning misery into art."
Pitchfork,60,"Rod Picott achieves his aim of making an authentic studio version of his live shows in his new album Fortune. The material is sometimes contemporary."
American Songwriter,80,"Simply gorgeous. [Jul 2015, p.80]"
Pitchfork,80,"Its no slight to say theres not much here beyond the classic songcraft, the splendor of their high-lonesome harmonies, and the way their guitars entwine and frame the songs so beautifully."
PopMatters,80,"Over the course of a full album, the duo's strict adherence to their limited sonic template starts to get just a little tiring, but the Milk Carton Kids' mastery of their chosen form is never in doubt."
The Line of Best Fit,70,"Despite being a bit of a downer for some, these qualities and the improvisatory feel of the guitar work as their songs unfold (however well-rehearsed in reality) may well induce engaged and repeat listening, even for the sanguine."
AllMusic,70,"The duo has a knack for affecting turns of phrases such as that, which helps offset the lack of finite details to ground the songs on Monterey."
Rolling Stone,60,"Pretty road ruminations. [Jul 2015, p.96]"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"Monterey has an intimate, forlorn beauty, but too many of its songs slip past in a gentle blur."
Sputnikmusic,60,"The songs on Monterey are uniformly pretty, due to the excellent harmonizing of Ken Pettengale and Joey Ryan, but the downcast vibe the record has seems like it will limit its appeal to very specific sections of the folk and Americana audiences."
Drowned In Sound,50,"The understated simplicity of Monterey reflects the duos discontent, while the absence of any memorable moment should cause listeners to feel the same."


Consequence of Sound,80,"A highly listenable rebirth."
Boston Globe,80,"The spirit moves zeroes in on [the lines separating faith and hope, optimism and cynicism, and emotioanl carnage] in bare, existential terms... with the ferocity of a soul singer pushed to the edge. [Aug 2015, p.80]"
AllMusic,70,"The Spirit Moves sounds like a sure-footed step in the right direction."
musicOMH.com,60,"For all the potency of Slims feelings, however, the albums downfall is that it is musically and lyrically as well-trodden as his battered, beating heart."
The Guardian,75,"Lush and soothing, nmn doesnt settle for uncomplicated beauty."
DIY Magazine,70,"Warren shows enough moments of brilliance to make the cycle worthwhile for her audience. And the lasting impression is that even better songs are still to come."
Paste Magazine,60,"Warren has talked in interviews about the healing nature of music, both on the songwriting end and the listening end; some listeners will likely connect on that level with Numun and, amid its airiness, its substance."
Alternative Press,50,"There are a few gorgeous acoustic arrangements, but it only really clicks when it's leaning more toward the former ('Black Moss,' 'Noise') than the latter."


Mojo,88,"That such a simple record, short on frills and long on naked aesthetic, offers such impact in a world of machined pop and beat-driven urban music speaks volumes for the power of stripping things back, then letting the talent shine."
Q Magazine,80,"Their new debut album, Watkins Family Hour, retains all the homespun intimacy of a bunch of musicians enjoying one anothers company and talent."
Slant Magazine,80,"As a stage experiment, Watkins Family Hour has thrived for 13 years, and now with a fine record to document their efforts, they've hit on a format that could offer boundless possibilities for years to come."
NOW Magazine,74,"With this crystalline collection, Watkins Family Hour offers a more compelling insight."
The Guardian,60,"There's plenty of variety on Watkins Family Hour, with each member of the band getting a turn as lead vocalist."
Paste Magazine,60,"Watkins Family Hour is a slight but enjoyable album without pretensions to being anything more than slight and enjoyable."

Under The Radar,80,"The result is a varied set of American and English songs that range from an amplified treatment of Sacred Harp hymns to a gutsy banjo- and violin-backed arrangement of the tragic ballad Whitby Lad, and fine unaccompanied harmony singing on Love Farewell."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"Tough and uncompromising."
Mojo,60,"Snatches of fuzzy guitar, banjo and fiddle drift through, but the main thrust is in the singing, Carthy providing the lucid top notes while her partner is adept at shadowing her with huskier harmony."
PopMatters,40,"It's not always a comfortable union. [Jul 2015, p.102]"

Magnet,80,"An instrumental, Peckets Well, highlights the beauty and lyricism of his solo guitar, but the real worth here lies in lyrics that offer listeners clear descriptors of Tilstons concerns, such as the warnings for mankind encompassed in Running Out Of Road."
Blurt Magazine,80,"Yet another thoughtful and classy album."
American Songwriter,60,"Mostly the mood is personal and reflective, with Tilstons guitar supported by deft touches of bass, autoharp and piano. Classy work."
The New York Times,60,"[A] heartfelt, reflective LP. [Nov 2015, p.91]"

Consequence of Sound,90,"Power In The Blood is a masterpiece in a storied career."
Uncut,80,"Power in the Blood is the work of an elder working against genre, knowing history, and moving forward into aesthetically unknown territory. For a septuagenarian, the optimism of it is heartening."
AllMusic,80,"The new songs are equally striking, ranging from sensual lullabies to strident protest, delivered with a righteous spiritual and political conviction in a muscular voice full of spit and pungency. [Aug 2015, p.78]"
Pitchfork,80,"Power in the Blood deserves strong praise on its own merits. The backstories about the musician do not matter as much as the new aural evidence presented."
Q Magazine,80,"She has lost none of her power in the interim."
Billboard.com,80,"With dreamy lullabies, hypnotic love songs and pointed politics all delivered with emotional stridency, Saint-Marie blends rich musicality with the force of righteous conviction."
Record Collector,70,"Power in the Blood's stylistic adventure and restless aesthetic spirit are indeed Sainte-Marie's hallmarks. But on their own, musical and sonic diversity do not a fine album make. It takes good songs and inspired performances to balance the equation, and this album has them all."
The A.V. Club,60,"The Cree folkie in fine bellicose form at 74. [Jun 2015, p.96]"

Q Magazine,80,"There is song crafting of an exceptional variety as Sermanni delivers ten solid songs, the longest just a touch under five minutes, that all have an important story to tell."
The New York Times,80,"Tied to the Moon is a captivating follow-up to her 2012 debut, Under Mountains, offering a richer, darker take on the soft folk of that record."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),80,"Tied To The Moon is a beautiful record, so full of intricacies that it continues to reward with every listen, allowing you to lose yourself in its stories."
The Guardian,80,"Minimal, murky, magnificent. [Aug 2015, p.96]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"At times she strives too hard for Tom Waitsian wonky Americana. But more often she makes the Canadian wilderness her own."
American Songwriter,70,"There's something of the teenage Laura Marking about Rachel Sermanni. [Aug 2015, p.78]"
Paste Magazine,70,"The 23-year-old is most impressive when channeling the heartfelt huskiness of Edith Piaff on the old timey Ive Got A Girl, which rolls across the backdrop of a hefty Waitsian polka."

Uncut,80,"Hallelujah, melodies and lyrics are not just sensitive but sharp and witty, glittering with a dazzle reminiscent of Britpop at its deftest. [May 2015, p.96]"
Exclaim,80,"There are genuine surprises on The Fine Art Of Hanging On for long-term fans."
Classic Rock Magazine,80,"The Fine Art of Hanging On isnt entirely free of faults. Hemming and co's way with the more downcast material is so compelling that, for all their strengths, some of the jauntier material seems lightweight in comparison."
Mojo,70,"As they navigate these darker emotional waters, it's hard not to wonder what Hemming and his crew would sound like if they loosened their collars just a bit."
NOW Magazine,60,"Hemming's voice has an authentic catch, but for all the lyrical loneliness, his lavish arrangements are packed with ideas. [May 2015, p.107]"
Billboard.com,60,"The Fine Art of Hanging On is another capably written set, but turns its back on the bands pared-down folk roots in favour of baroque-pop arrangements that reach for the heights of Rufus Wainwright and Illinoise-era Sufjan Stevens, but dont always hit the mark."
The Observer (UK),90,"On The Sovereign Self, they combine to remarkable effect. This is not an easy record, but it needs to be heard. Again and again."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"An extension of their ever-evolving canon, The Sovereign Self is possibly Trembling Bells' most colorful journey yet, with a wayfaring rock & roll spirit and a madcap zeal that keep it sounding fresh."
AllMusic,80,"Well worth imbibing."
PopMatters,80,"Whilst sounding altogether more psychologically and sonically cluttered, the challenges this album presents are as invigorating as its rewards--poetic beauty can still be found amidst the lysergic confusion."
Rolling Stone,80,"Sprawling, strange, baffling and beguiling, this psychedelic treasure is unlikely to appeal to the unadventurous, but its hard to imagine there will be another album released anywhere this year thats quite like it."
Boston Globe,80,"Plangent retro charm. [Jul 2015, p.89]"
Chicago Tribune,70,"His voice is better suited to confiding, but it's slapped on top rather than properly featured, and this seems symptomatic of the muddy arranging, But the aim is to swagger and excite, and the group's ragged fervour is not in doubt. [Jun 2015, p.50]"
Slant Magazine,70,"The quintet are a crack unit, powered by hard rock riffs, jazz and Krautrock-informed drums and flights of flute-based fancy."
Pitchfork,70,"The breadth is a big part of the charm. [Jul 2015, p.83]"
Consequence of Sound,60,"There are some fine songs here, from the gloriously strange O, Where Is Saint George? to the epic I Is Someone Else, but the albums excitedly noisy production would benefit from greater degree of variety."


Record Collector,80,"While not much new ground is broken on A Forest of Arms, and it fails to surpass 2012s excellent New Wild Everywhere, something can be said for the additional polish the music gets from heavy string embellishment and rather refined production values."
Blurt Magazine,80,"[Percussionist Joshua Van Tassel] and master bassist Bret Higgins give all these songs organic, unfussy rhythms that dig in like the deepest of tree roots and guide this Forest of Arms."
The A.V. Club,70,"A solid album with a number of beguiling songs and a lot of spirit, its the sound of a band well into their musical journey, with many more miles still to go."
Boston Globe,70,"From the lonesome drift of the melodies and the brilliantly rendered dynamics of the performances to the uncluttered detail of the production (by engineer Justin Shane Nace in collaboration with the group), this is a splendid mood piece that excels in concept and execution."
Magnet,60,"Canadian band Great Lake Swimmers excel on I Was a Wayward Pastel Bay, a gentle song which shows off frontman Tony Dekkers country music skills."
AllMusic,54,"Too often, he strays from the hushed mode he's mastered and ends up supplanting the bands strengths with its weaknesses."
Exclaim,42,"The tracks all blend together into a generic folk album."
PopMatters,100,"This is one of the most beautiful albums youll hear this year or any other, speaking softly but resonating deeply and long after the last sounds fade away."
The A.V. Club,100,"All 11 tracks are evocative and addictive."
Boston Globe,80,"A true post-folk record, dyed in the acoustic sound of the English and Californian folk movements of the late 1960s and early 70s, but not particularly scholarly or eccentric."
Chicago Tribune,80,"All 11 original songs spiral out from a strong, controlled core of patience."
Classic Rock Magazine,80,"It carefully builds--creatively and emotionally--on everything Baird had accomplished so far and ascends to another level entirely."
Uncut,80,"Dont Weigh Down The Light certainly rewards repeated listening."
American Songwriter,80,"Baird has produced a record that you know deserves to be heard, yet want to keep all to yourself."
Record Collector,80,"Baird's mixture of history-steeped elements keeps her songs from being tethered to any given time period, including the present, which makes them apt vehicles for words about relationships fraught with uncertainty. [Jun 2015, p.42]"
Mojo,80,"Fashions change, but Baird's music remains gorgeous, harbouring a kind of still magic without resorting to self-consciously wyrd affectations. [Jul 2015, p.71]"
Rolling Stone,80,"Dont Weigh Down the Light is a precise, meditative work, and one that can be rewarding with each successive listen."
The Observer (UK),80,"Things can get twee--but this feels like a tiny church in that forest, sacred and touching. [Jul 2015, p.92]"
The Telegraph (UK),71,"Baird's voice sounds as potent and icy-clear as ever."
AllMusic,70,"Its hard to properly describe an album which needs to be experienced from start to finish rather than intimately analysed. Give yourself the opportunity to become part of Meg Bairds brave new world. You wont be disappointed."
Consequence of Sound,70,"Despite possessing a somewhat dour countenance, the main effect of this record is a sort of replenishment."
Mojo,70,"Espers, the rockier duo with which she made her name, seem to be on permanent hiatus, but this more than suffices."
Magnet,65,"It's all beautifully crafted, though very sad. [No. 122, p.53]"
Paste Magazine,60,"These songs aren't as charcoal-stark as her earlier solo work, but the aura of breathy acid-folk enchantment can leave the feeling there is too much atmospheric smoke, not enough revelatory mirror. [Aug 2015, p.104]"
The Line of Best Fit,60,"Not a great deal seems to be happening--then you are suddenly brought up short by the guitar that sings out on Back to You or the polyphony of Leaving Song."


Under The Radar,90,"Russell's view of history may be romantic but it is also gritty as hell, and enduring. This is his masterpiece."
The Wire,80,"All told, it's an awful a lot to listen to, but the scope is majestic, the ambition outrageous and the music magnificent. [Jun 2015, p.72]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"There are a few over-elaborate patches, but theres some great and varied music here."
The Guardian,60,"It's a sprawling beast of an album and a remarkable piece of creativety from 68-year-old Russell."
Blurt Magazine,60,"Essentially cinematic in scope and deliciously varied, the main man is somewhat reminiscent of Robert Hunter  in that he digs up nuggets from a wealth of sources."

Pitchfork,100,"A brilliant, nigh-on faultless work from an acknowledged master."
AllMusic,90,"Put them all together and you've got a drink that goes down hard, with a potent bittersweetness distilled by a master. [No. 122, p.60]"
Q Magazine,80,"Everything you want from Richard Thompson is right here, right now, on Still. You wont notice Jeff Tweedy all that much, which is as big a compliment as one can make of any producer."
Uncut,80,"A typically finely crafted slice of emotionally raw storytelling with an absolute peach if a guitar solo. [Aug 2015, p.93]"
NOW Magazine,80,"Always good for a spirited rock song, he infuses Patty Don't You Put Me Down with narrative wit and charge that recalls contemporary Bob Dylan. We're all lucky that Thompson is on fire these days."
Rolling Stone,80,"Newly recruited producer Jeff Tweedy brings fresh textures to a mix of bluesy rock, delicate acoustica and skirling electric folk, but mostly he stands back and lets a master do his stuff."
The Quietus,80,"The set starts with a slow, sturdy ballad of hope and change, She Never Could Resist a Winding Road, then settles into stories of pained love and sexual frustration that will, I suspect, sound even better live. The best is left for last."
AllMusic,80,"With Still, Richard Thompson fans can rejoice in knowing all the aspects of his exemplary talents remain intact."
The 405,80,"The musicianship is so uniformly good that you forget about it and allow yourself to be swept onward by the songs."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"Tweedy keeps up an unobtrusive presence throughout, letting Thompson play to his strengths, and it all results in another reliably consistent album."
The Wire,80,"The news (good or bad) is that Tweedy helped Thompson make just the sort of album that's made him one of our greatest legacy artists, and it's an example of why Thompson is still worth hearing 43 years into a career that shows no signs of stopping."
Mojo,80,"Tightly wound--easygoing but uptight; the work of a man still striving for a modest kind of perfection. And--not for the first time--with Still he has almost achieved it. [Jul 2015, p.65]"
Magnet,80,"The best moments here find Thompson more restrained, particularly the sinuous, fingerpicked beauty of Beatnik Walking and the rueful, all-acoustic Josephine."
The Quietus,75,"No, this is not his strongest work to date, but it certainly keeps him in the conversation."
Dusted Magazine,75,"One clunker on an album full of gems doesn't drag everything else down, though, and Thompson deserves all our respect--he's been through the major-label wringer, found his place where he can be celebrated as he deserves among his independent fans, and is still making complicated, thoughtful, intricate, resonant music on his own terms many decades deep into his career."
No Ripcord,75,"Thompson's new album arrives as another example of how a mature artist can continue to innovate."
musicOMH.com,70,"Still, even with the expected flaws of latter day Thompson releases, continues the winning streak of his last two albums of new music."
Q Magazine,70,"Whilst Still could certainly have benefitted from a greater cache of stronger songs (a couple of which could have been swapped-in from the largely electric self-produced Variations EP that comes with early CD editions), as a combined entity it holds together convincingly as an amiable summary of what latter-day Richard Thompson is all about."
Record Collector,70,"With the help of producer Jeff Tweedy, Thompson knows that bitterness goes down easiest when paired with autumnal Celtic-pub melodies (see 'Josephine,' which evokes his time in Fairport Convention)."
Uncut,70,"Still is Thompson through and through."
Pitchfork,60,"Rewarding, yet keep it familiar at the same time."
Clash Music,50,"Things begin promisingly with She Never Could Resist a Winding Road and Beatnik Walking, two nimbly played songs on which Thompson and his band get to show off their chops without showing off.... Unfortunately, that fact [a relatively small band playing together on relatively little time] begins to show for the worse on 'Patty Dont You Put Me Down.'"

PopMatters,80,"Something in the Water is joyous, musically seamless, progressive and celebratory all in one."
The Guardian,80,"Pokey LaFarge's seventh long-player echoes and expands his mastery of bygone styles. [May 2015, p.75]"
The Telegraph (UK),80,"Pokey LaFarge delivers something old and new on Something in the Water, and no matter how much he reaches to the past for inspiration and influence, he's able to make his music sound fresh and alive, and this is his strongest studio set to date."
Entertainment Weekly,78,"Production rings crisp as the title track jolts at the outset with a speakeasy strut that turns to jumping jive on 'Wanna Be Your Man,' while chugging percussion and horns drive 'Underground.'"
Exclaim,70,"The music on Something in the Water shows the connections between past and present are stronger than the elements that separate us from what was before."
PopMatters,70,"While doubters might see this as a quirky, flash in the pan, Tiny Tim styled anomaly, there is no denying the goofy delight and enthusiasm that jumps out of the speakers on every track of this immensely enjoyable, if decidedly unconventional, album."
NOW Magazine,60,"LaFarge explores nooks and crannies left unfinished 70 years ago instead of merely replicating the bigger themes. [Jul 2015, p.108]"
Clash Music,60,"Its a spirited attempt to keep American roots music--country blues, early jazz, ragtime and western swing--alive."

The A.V. Club,90,"If the songwriting at times falls into cliche, the performances--passionate, eloquent, spilling over with regal harmonies--are anything but. [Jul 2015, p.72]"
Rolling Stone,80,"Gorgeously recorded and mixed by Guip, Larry Campbell & Teresa Williams is 44 minutes of roots music gold."
AllMusic,80,"Hearing this collection, countless Americana fans will understandably wonder why we have waited so long for this duo to commit themselves to record."
Q Magazine,70,"Its a more countrified album, with the two singers, partners by marriage, often harmonizing in a rough blend. Things work best when Ms. Williams takes the lead."

Blurt Magazine,90,"Summoning Suns is no less ambitious than Blackshaw's more deliberately experimental records. Though it is the first time he has brought his vocal skills so prominently to the forefront, he does so with so much confidence (not to mention aplomb in his arrangements) that he commands the listener's attention through gentle seduction."
The Independent (UK),80,"For now, Summoning Suns is a perfect entry point into his musical journey."
musicOMH.com,79,"Sure, stylistic and mechanical hesitations pepper these seven songs, but even those instances feel mostly like the charming reservations of a brilliant beginner."
Chicago Tribune,60,"Summoning Suns is too derivative to be a major work, but it shows promise. [Mar 2015, p.46]"
Mojo,60,"It's edgeless, overly polite, and arranged within an inch of its life. There's little room to move. [Apr 2015, p.71]"

cokemachineglow,80,"Much thought has gone into the arrangements and programming, and that provides surprises as well as variety, but the consistent bottom line is respect for the songs, which is surely the best way to pay tribute to Collins herself. [May 2015, p.52]"
Magnet,80,"If nothing else, Shirley Inspired provides an ideal 21st century entry point into a vast riches of traditional British folk music. Should the names attached draw the initial interest to this collection, the quality of the material and variety of arrangements and interpretations will hold the listeners attention across the more than three hours of rich material here."
Q Magazine,80,"Shirley Inspired and Unheard Songs both bear rich testament to the fact that posterity is barely getting started in these two. [Jul 2015, p.88]"
The Telegraph (UK),80,"Its a wonderful soul inspiring, mournfully imbued compendium of her songs that will hopefully continue to inspire an even younger crop of musicians on into the future."
The New York Times,80,"It's the great triumph of this collection, one that goes beyond whether it hangs together as a body of work. In bringing together artists from around the world Shirley Inspired should help to ensure that these tales are not forgotten."
Boston Globe,80,"Perhaps inevitably, it's female voices that fare best. [Aug 2015, p.81]"

AllMusic,80,"What Hardy has done here is make a folk album for people who don't normally like folk music. [Apr 2015, p.103]"
Uncut,80,"This adventurous new work mixes intimate, drifting ballads and pop choruses, and is backed by an intriguing mix of her own fiddle, banjo, brass and percussion."
Slant Magazine,80,"She elegantly smudges the borders of a brass and banjo-driven sound with sophisticated little experiments in rhythm, production and arrangement."
Classic Rock Magazine,70,"Hardy's agile vocals and lyricism are never in doubt, but shine brighter on light touch arrangements. [Jun 2015, p.76]"

PopMatters,80,"[Bachman] offers a pretty good idea of where he's coming from. If it sometimes feels like the stream of America pimitivist fingerpicking artists is neverending, Bachman does at least apply his digits to a variety of instruments. [May 2015, p.56]"
Exclaim,80,"River is not only the work of a master guitarist, but also that of a sophisticated composer. Bachman's confidence in interpreting his own musical ideas on the fretboard is now equal to his skill in playing the lineage music that inspires him."
Austin Chronicle,80,"It is the first album he ever recorded in a studio, and both the clarity of the recording and the precision of the performances betray considerable effort spent getting it right."
Record Collector,77,"River runs so well as a unit that, unless youre able to spot the tunes or sleuth the liner notes, you likely wont detect that Bachman didnt even write two of these numbers."
Magnet,70,"River is deeply embedded in a historical continuum. [Jun 2015, p.71]"

musicOMH.com,80,"[A] reverent tribute to the late Elliott Smith."
Paste Magazine,70,"Obviously these tracks are nowhere near as essential as the originals, but its two great voices singing a handful of timeless tracks, and fans of any of the artists involved would most likely enjoy at least a few tracks from Seth Avett & Jessica Lea Mayfield Sing Elliott Smith."
NOW Magazine,70,"It's a stripped-down, heartfelt affair. [Apr-May 2015, p.80]"
Blurt Magazine,70,"The experience of this album is to have listened to an Elliott Smith record and not an Avett project or to anyone else--a testament to Smith, certainly, but also to Avett and Mayfield's tasteful if fail-safe renditions."
Mojo,70,"Nothing here will supplant Smith's own definitive versions, but fans of the Avett Brothers, of Mayfield, and, indeed, of Smith will find plenty to love in this affectionate and unassuming album. [No. 118, p.53]"
Uncut,67,"Minimal in both instrumentation and the pairing of the duos fragile harmonies, the recording makes no sweeping gestures or grand statements. It simply radiates affection for an artist gone much too soon."
AllMusic,60,"You're left marveling less at these adequate covers and more at Smith's foolproof songbook."
The Guardian,54,"Perhaps in the end they are simply too smitten with the idea of Smith as a beautifully doomed artist to create anything beyond a loving, reverent, and therefore sheepish tribute."
PopMatters,50,"It rarely puts the original material in a new light or reveals much about songs that were already close to perfect."

The New York Times,90,"Every track here honors the spirit behind her perfromance style first and foremost. [No. 121, p.51]"
Drowned In Sound,90,"Unheard Songs is a revelation; a more fitting tribute to a troubled artist could not be imagined."
Pitchfork,88,"Some of these lines are so well-crafted that they're tough to bear."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"Each artist has taken her songs on their own terms, with out grandstanding, and this approach has yielded some inspired performances. [Jul 2015, p.46]"
The Independent (UK),80,"Dalton gets her dues and other voices gain welcome exposure."
Paste Magazine,80,"The results here are extraordinary. [Jul 2015, p.88]"
Magnet,80,"The moments when the singers get braver with stamping their own personality on the material prove much more memorable."
Clash Music,80,"For the most part Remembering Mountains is a success, with the source material being affectionately honoured yet imbued with the distinctive traits of the invited artists."
AllMusic,80,"Working separately, the songwriters converged in lonely reflection; the album adds up to a composite portrait of a ghost."
Uncut,80,"Dalton famously believed that a singer shouldn't have to raise her voice to be heard. These minimalist arrangements, whether it's Isobel Campbell affecting a slight twang to match her guitar or Larkin Grimm legitimate twang (and the album's only banjo), are a fitting tribute in themselves."
Exclaim,80,"You feel each artist shares your yearning to hear Dalton sing each song herself. Haunted and haunting."
The A.V. Club,78,"Ttheres a palpable narrative here, a sense of loss and stillness, and it reanimates Dalton, if only for a moment. Its good to have her back."

Classic Rock Magazine,80,"Houndmouth resurrect a blistering, off-its-hinges breed of Americana complete with tangible wild heart and soul."
Mojo,80,"In word and sound Little Neon Limelight is an unashamedly backward-looking record, and it's all the better for it."
Q Magazine,80,"Theyre blessed with two great singers in the Dylanesque Matt Meyers and the more classically country-styled Katie Toupin, and when the members four voices combine, they really sound like they are breaking loose from their moorings."
Boston Globe,78,"Houndmouth pulls it all together into a packed album without faltering."
musicOMH.com,60,"While slightly inconsistent--perhaps the result of having four different singers  overall, this is a record full of hope and sadness and all the space that lies in between."
The Observer (UK),60,"Houndmouth have the right touch and impressive chops, but this album makes it clear they needs a songwriter who can make their music seem fresh even as it's modeled on the past."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"The problem with Little Neon Limelight isnt so much the quality of the songs, as theyre generally an intriguing bunch. Its that it could be rather too eclectic a collection to listen to in one sitting."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Simply gorgeous. [Jul 2015, p.80]"
American Songwriter,80,"Its no slight to say theres not much here beyond the classic songcraft, the splendor of their high-lonesome harmonies, and the way their guitars entwine and frame the songs so beautifully."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),80,"Over the course of a full album, the duo's strict adherence to their limited sonic template starts to get just a little tiring, but the Milk Carton Kids' mastery of their chosen form is never in doubt."
The Guardian,70,"Despite being a bit of a downer for some, these qualities and the improvisatory feel of the guitar work as their songs unfold (however well-rehearsed in reality) may well induce engaged and repeat listening, even for the sanguine."
Pitchfork,70,"The duo has a knack for affecting turns of phrases such as that, which helps offset the lack of finite details to ground the songs on Monterey."
Consequence of Sound,60,"Pretty road ruminations. [Jul 2015, p.96]"
PopMatters,60,"Monterey has an intimate, forlorn beauty, but too many of its songs slip past in a gentle blur."
Drowned In Sound,60,"The songs on Monterey are uniformly pretty, due to the excellent harmonizing of Ken Pettengale and Joey Ryan, but the downcast vibe the record has seems like it will limit its appeal to very specific sections of the folk and Americana audiences."
The New York Times,50,"The understated simplicity of Monterey reflects the duos discontent, while the absence of any memorable moment should cause listeners to feel the same."


NOW Magazine,100,"This is a terrific album, full of dignity."
Uncut,100,"The most emotional songs are bravely straightforward but quite unexpected.... Surely one of the albums of the year."
Boston Globe,90,"This music is restless but keenly aware, finding common ground and intersections between a range of source material and contemporary contexts and, most importantly of all, delivering these songs with honesty, conviction and genuine feeling."
American Songwriter,80,"Its an album that, even in its quiet moments, refuses relegation to the background. In short, it serves to announce the arrival of a great talent who promises to find new ways to keep us singing the old songs well into another century."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Even if purists find the whole baroque confection too much, they will have to admit there's never been a record quite like this. [May 2015, p.99]"
AllMusic,80,"For all the ideas and juxtapositions that illuminate these songs, none feel jarring or tokenistic. [Apr 2015, p.79]"
Exclaim,80,"A wonderfully inventive creation."
Paste Magazine,75,"Lush and soothing, nmn doesnt settle for uncomplicated beauty."
American Songwriter,70,"Warren shows enough moments of brilliance to make the cycle worthwhile for her audience. And the lasting impression is that even better songs are still to come."
AllMusic,60,"Warren has talked in interviews about the healing nature of music, both on the songwriting end and the listening end; some listeners will likely connect on that level with Numun and, amid its airiness, its substance."
musicOMH.com,50,"There are a few gorgeous acoustic arrangements, but it only really clicks when it's leaning more toward the former ('Black Moss,' 'Noise') than the latter."


Uncut,80,"With Sallows, Mayberry and Psutka have crafted something deeply human and eerily, beautifully contradictory, like meeting someone you already know for the very first time."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"The record smartly connects sound with weight and movement without ever having to coerce the listener with heavy guitars or mountains of feedback."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Mayberry may be better known as the husky voice of HSY, but it's with Anamai that she's truly getting at her roots."
Classic Rock Magazine,71,"Anamai may not be as pummelling as a HSY record, but their metaphysical weight makes up for it, producing an even more striking result than Mayberrys other band."
Record Collector,70,"Far from immediate, Sallows demands further listens; a full surrender to the sublime. Headphones required."
Blurt Magazine,80,"The result is a varied set of American and English songs that range from an amplified treatment of Sacred Harp hymns to a gutsy banjo- and violin-backed arrangement of the tragic ballad Whitby Lad, and fine unaccompanied harmony singing on Love Farewell."
Mojo,80,"Tough and uncompromising."
Boston Globe,60,"Snatches of fuzzy guitar, banjo and fiddle drift through, but the main thrust is in the singing, Carthy providing the lucid top notes while her partner is adept at shadowing her with huskier harmony."
Clash Music,40,"It's not always a comfortable union. [Jul 2015, p.102]"


Under The Radar,90,"Power In The Blood is a masterpiece in a storied career."
The Guardian,80,"Power in the Blood is the work of an elder working against genre, knowing history, and moving forward into aesthetically unknown territory. For a septuagenarian, the optimism of it is heartening."
Q Magazine,80,"The new songs are equally striking, ranging from sensual lullabies to strident protest, delivered with a righteous spiritual and political conviction in a muscular voice full of spit and pungency. [Aug 2015, p.78]"
Consequence of Sound,80,"Power in the Blood deserves strong praise on its own merits. The backstories about the musician do not matter as much as the new aural evidence presented."
Chicago Tribune,80,"She has lost none of her power in the interim."
Sputnikmusic,80,"With dreamy lullabies, hypnotic love songs and pointed politics all delivered with emotional stridency, Saint-Marie blends rich musicality with the force of righteous conviction."
Pitchfork,70,"Power in the Blood's stylistic adventure and restless aesthetic spirit are indeed Sainte-Marie's hallmarks. But on their own, musical and sonic diversity do not a fine album make. It takes good songs and inspired performances to balance the equation, and this album has them all."
Drowned In Sound,60,"The Cree folkie in fine bellicose form at 74. [Jun 2015, p.96]"
PopMatters,90,"McMurtry's flair for the cinematic shines brighter than ever. [Apr 2015, p.78]"
Rolling Stone,90,"Complicated Game is brilliant album, dense and thoughtful as McMurtry swirls around inside the heads of another set of fascinating characters."
The Observer (UK),90,"He's a storyteller with a literary knack for using detail and narrative to draw complex, relatable characters, and his storytelling finesse has never been more evident than it is here."
Uncut,90,"Its an album that shows again and again that very few songwriters on this planet illuminate the oft-unfair rules of this game or the inner workings of the players quite like he can."
The Guardian,80,"This 53-year-old minor folk vets drawl doesnt obscure his flow, making it all the easier to follow his tales in real-time, inhabiting a husband cleaning his deer rifle or the bent-backed Deaver who watched as Uncle Sam took away the neighbors land."
Mojo,80,"There's a sense in almost all the songs of open roads, either beckoning or closed in, or both. [May 2015, p.99]"
The Telegraph (UK),80,"The new album doesnt have the political commentary that we saw on those two [Childish Things (2005) and Just Us Kids (2008)], but its likely were going to see Complicated Game on the nominee list come next year. Its that good."
Uncut,80,"The man who cut Complicated Game is the more mature McMurtry has figured out how to deliver the fine songs he writes and get their qualities on tape."
Mojo,80,"Staunch and undeterred to the brink of defiance, Complicated Game finds McMurtrys rugged resilience again setting the tone."


The Telegraph (UK),80,"Oddly familiar and familiarly odd, Season Hire is a challenging and progressive counterpoint to staid and fallow takes on folk music that have been crapping the airwaves--and our news feeds--in recent years. [No. 118, p.61]"
PopMatters,80,"This collaboration feels like his most companionable, as he flexes and grouses through many moods, always in the service of the song. [Mar 2015, p.47]"
Under The Radar,80,"It is a beautiful collaboration, a wonderful platform for both the Pickers and Gunn to flex their muscles."
musicOMH.com,80,"Old friendships contribute to the good vibes, and an atmosphere that's at once rambunctious and exploratory. [Apr 2015, p.76]"
PopMatters,80,"Seasonal Hire offers no grand statements and reveals no great mysteries. Ultimately, this is not a particularly ambitious record; no musician is stretched wildly beyond his or her limits. And yet, largely because of its off-hand quality and ease of execution, Seasonal Hire offers moments of intoxicating strangeness and beauty."
AllMusic,80,"Always respectful of the traditions from which they emerge, Steve Gunn and the Black Twig Pickers are happy to less these sounds evolve exponentially into stunning, unforeseen vistas. A real gem."
Uncut,80,"With enough panache to warrant a full-length release, Seasonal Hire is an all-too brief look into four musicians' quest to push their music further."
NOW Magazine,74,"Seasonal Hire sounds more like a Black Twig Pickers album than a Steve Gunn album."
The Line of Best Fit,70,"Despite the relaxed, very informal nature of the playing, some deep music gets made here. While guitar freaks may have hoped for more guitar from Gunn, he's everywhere even when he's not running the show. Seasonal Hire is excellent country and Eastern."
Pitchfork,70,"His playing may offer fewer surprises than you might expect, but his spirit as a leader is present and the handful of sonic oddities he throws in are a joy to behold."
Rolling Stone,70,"Over the course of these five tracks, the assembled musicians bring their own roots music to the mix, and end up with something that is slightly different to anything they have done before."
Drowned In Sound,60,"More an EP than an album, it's possibly not for the unwitting. [Apr 2015, p.102]"
Exclaim,80,"Hallelujah, melodies and lyrics are not just sensitive but sharp and witty, glittering with a dazzle reminiscent of Britpop at its deftest. [May 2015, p.96]"
The Guardian,80,"There are genuine surprises on The Fine Art Of Hanging On for long-term fans."
Mojo,80,"The Fine Art of Hanging On isnt entirely free of faults. Hemming and co's way with the more downcast material is so compelling that, for all their strengths, some of the jauntier material seems lightweight in comparison."
Consequence of Sound,70,"As they navigate these darker emotional waters, it's hard not to wonder what Hemming and his crew would sound like if they loosened their collars just a bit."
DIY Magazine,60,"Hemming's voice has an authentic catch, but for all the lyrical loneliness, his lavish arrangements are packed with ideas. [May 2015, p.107]"
The Observer (UK),60,"The Fine Art of Hanging On is another capably written set, but turns its back on the bands pared-down folk roots in favour of baroque-pop arrangements that reach for the heights of Rufus Wainwright and Illinoise-era Sufjan Stevens, but dont always hit the mark."

PopMatters,80,"While not much new ground is broken on A Forest of Arms, and it fails to surpass 2012s excellent New Wild Everywhere, something can be said for the additional polish the music gets from heavy string embellishment and rather refined production values."
Exclaim,80,"[Percussionist Joshua Van Tassel] and master bassist Bret Higgins give all these songs organic, unfussy rhythms that dig in like the deepest of tree roots and guide this Forest of Arms."
Paste Magazine,70,"A solid album with a number of beguiling songs and a lot of spirit, its the sound of a band well into their musical journey, with many more miles still to go."
The Observer (UK),70,"From the lonesome drift of the melodies and the brilliantly rendered dynamics of the performances to the uncluttered detail of the production (by engineer Justin Shane Nace in collaboration with the group), this is a splendid mood piece that excels in concept and execution."
NOW Magazine,60,"Canadian band Great Lake Swimmers excel on I Was a Wayward Pastel Bay, a gentle song which shows off frontman Tony Dekkers country music skills."
Blurt Magazine,54,"Too often, he strays from the hushed mode he's mastered and ends up supplanting the bands strengths with its weaknesses."
Uncut,42,"The tracks all blend together into a generic folk album."

AllMusic,90,"Russell's view of history may be romantic but it is also gritty as hell, and enduring. This is his masterpiece."
Rolling Stone,80,"All told, it's an awful a lot to listen to, but the scope is majestic, the ambition outrageous and the music magnificent. [Jun 2015, p.72]"
Q Magazine,80,"There are a few over-elaborate patches, but theres some great and varied music here."
Consequence of Sound,60,"It's a sprawling beast of an album and a remarkable piece of creativety from 68-year-old Russell."
Uncut,60,"Essentially cinematic in scope and deliciously varied, the main man is somewhat reminiscent of Robert Hunter  in that he digs up nuggets from a wealth of sources."


AllMusic,80,"It's astonishing how, despite  his 32 instrumental credits and 20 guests, it still sounds dustbowl-empty, as if these were missives from The Great Depression, time-wise and spiritually. [Aug 2015, p.93]"
Blurt Magazine,80,"The result is a set that is spare and intimate, its imperfections and unusual instruments (sitar, xylophone) ensuring that Perkins sounds like no one else alive."
The Guardian,78,"An album of relaxed arrangements for serenades best performed in the dawn. Once the expectations for Perkins are flattened, the idiosyncratic album becomes a welcome entry to his untraditional career."
Magnet,70,"This is the work of an artist eager to explore new paths, and if it isn't a complete success, I Aubade confirms Perkins is still a vital and imaginative artist with a singular vision."
Mojo,70,"There is much to enjoy in I Aubade, though, if youre willing to pay attention."
The Telegraph (UK),65,"verall it feels like a real thrift shop of curiosities with a few gems to be found if you go looking. And if you do, be prepared for a fair amount of sifting."
Blurt Magazine,60,"More a holding album than a great step up. [Aug 2015, p.111]"
Q Magazine,58,"Perhaps treasures will be revealed when we apply the deep, close attention Perkins requests. But not enough breadcrumbs are strewn along the path to encourage the search."
Record Collector,45,"It's a tired and sluggish affair, barely mustering a pulse under Perkins' mumbling half-assed drawl."

The Guardian,80,"Something in the Water is joyous, musically seamless, progressive and celebratory all in one."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Pokey LaFarge's seventh long-player echoes and expands his mastery of bygone styles. [May 2015, p.75]"
PopMatters,80,"Pokey LaFarge delivers something old and new on Something in the Water, and no matter how much he reaches to the past for inspiration and influence, he's able to make his music sound fresh and alive, and this is his strongest studio set to date."
Uncut,78,"Production rings crisp as the title track jolts at the outset with a speakeasy strut that turns to jumping jive on 'Wanna Be Your Man,' while chugging percussion and horns drive 'Underground.'"
American Songwriter,70,"The music on Something in the Water shows the connections between past and present are stronger than the elements that separate us from what was before."
Mojo,70,"While doubters might see this as a quirky, flash in the pan, Tiny Tim styled anomaly, there is no denying the goofy delight and enthusiasm that jumps out of the speakers on every track of this immensely enjoyable, if decidedly unconventional, album."
Exclaim,60,"LaFarge explores nooks and crannies left unfinished 70 years ago instead of merely replicating the bigger themes. [Jul 2015, p.108]"
Paste Magazine,60,"Its a spirited attempt to keep American roots music--country blues, early jazz, ragtime and western swing--alive."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"Per usual, it's the Unthanks' acumen for crafting highly refined overcast ballads that ultimately wins out, and some of us are all the better for it."
The A.V. Club,80,"An album of studied precision and endless textures. [Mar 2014, p.95]"
Q Magazine,80,"While most folk acts are content to simply keep churning out album after album of tried and tested traditional standards or self-penned campfire sing-alongs, The Unthanks are stretching the parameters of their genre with an ambition thats rarely been heard before."
Magnet,80,"[Sisters Rachel and Becky Unthank] are adept at finding new connections, new paths. [Mar 2015, p.118]"
Boston Globe,80,"The Unthanks have never been gentle background music as some might expect, as theyre always drawn to the darker stories that they can dig up. On Mount The Air, those stories are matched by some sumptuous, confident music, and they sound all the better for it."
The Guardian,80,"It all adds up to reaffirm that The Unthanks are among the most quietly accomplished groups around."
Mojo,80,"Its a lush, often exquisite set."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"The rest of Mount The Air is tentative by comparison [to 'Magpie']; stylish, and extremely skillful, but a bit too much arr and not enough trad. [Mar 2015, p.68]"
AllMusic,60,"Two 10-minute pieces relegate song and vocals to second place behind ambitious but lumbering orchestration--producer Adrian McNally is, alas, no Gil Evans."


Uncut,90,"Summoning Suns is no less ambitious than Blackshaw's more deliberately experimental records. Though it is the first time he has brought his vocal skills so prominently to the forefront, he does so with so much confidence (not to mention aplomb in his arrangements) that he commands the listener's attention through gentle seduction."
PopMatters,80,"For now, Summoning Suns is a perfect entry point into his musical journey."
Rolling Stone,79,"Sure, stylistic and mechanical hesitations pepper these seven songs, but even those instances feel mostly like the charming reservations of a brilliant beginner."
Consequence of Sound,60,"Summoning Suns is too derivative to be a major work, but it shows promise. [Mar 2015, p.46]"
The Telegraph (UK),60,"It's edgeless, overly polite, and arranged within an inch of its life. There's little room to move. [Apr 2015, p.71]"
Mojo,90,"The Tangier Sessions' sound is warm and steeped in passion, wonder, and fascination."
Q Magazine,80,"You almost cant grudge Bishop for his globe-hopping, 9-5 shirking, guitar-buying existence when it produces music as wonderful as this."
AllMusic,80,"The music shines with solitary delight. [Feb 2015, p.46]"
The Guardian,80,"Bishops elaborate flights celebrate what his instrument can do, and express by example the notion that having an interesting time along the way matters more than where youre going."
Uncut,80,"At a time when guitars serve more often as props than as centerpieces, this album is a wondrous reminder that the simplest palette can be used to paint the most profound results."
The Observer (UK),80,"All told, a spellbinding journey. [Mar 2014, p.100]"
CMJ,80,"Mostly, though, it reasserts Bishop's status as wide-ranging guitar master, gently amused by any such assumptions of grandeur. [Mar 2015, p.71]"
American Songwriter,80,"Its the unhurried nature of these improvisations which are their greatest strength. Couple this with his sharp ear for melody, not to mention his frequently unbelievable fingertips, and this album emerges as another incredibly strong outing for Sir Richard Bishop in a truly interesting and consistent discography."
Q Magazine,80,"The conceit of Bishop's new album, Tangier Sessions, is some serious guitar-dork lore that would make any bedroom noodler salivate."
Paste Magazine,75,"It's a pleasure to hear him unpacking his toy, stretching out and exploring this new set of voices. [No. 117, p.61]"
Consequence of Sound,75,"Hes spent decades getting musical vocabularies from all over the world under his fingers, and even when his improvisations begin to meander, what he creates from his well of options is remarkable and wholly his own."
The New York Times,70,"These improvised pieces are intricate and certainly stand up to repeated listens, and the album makes a good companion piece to Bishop's previous, rather fine, acoustic recordings."
Exclaim,70,"The result is a beguiling--albeit, at seven tracks, rather short--set of intricate, finger-picked songs."

AllMusic,40,"Bishops self-indulgence stunts any suggestion that anyone other than a serious aficionados is going to express anything more than passing interest."

Uncut,100,"The result is the gorgeous Tomorrow is My Turn, which shows off the full singing range and power of the frontwoman for innovative string-band trio the Carolina Chocolate Drops."
Magnet,90,"Everything works on Tomorrow Is My Turn, an album that heralds the arrival of a major American artist."
Mojo,80,"Turn is a haunting, often painfully beautiful example of how songs that may seem dead and buried can sublimely rise from the grave."
Rolling Stone,80,"Raw and skiffly as you'd expect. [Apr 2015, p.95]"
Pitchfork,80,"Giddens emulates her forebears with reverence and assurance."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"This is Americana in its purest form, where gospel, folk, blues, soul, and Celtic melodies all make sense on the same album when interpreted by a dexterous vocalist and multi-instrumentalist of Giddenss caliber."
Mojo,80,"The combination of Burnettes characteristically genuine, acoustic based production, Giddens sumptuous voice and a conceptual set list that never feels musty, yields a wonderful album whose restrained pleasures reveal themselves gradually over repeated playings."
The Wire,80,"Her easy, welcoming touch is a balm every time Tomorrow Is My Turn is played, but it's upon successive spins that the intricacies of Giddens' construction--not to mention her subtle political messages--begin to take hold."
Uncut,80,"Thirty-something mother-of-two Giddens's versatility is breath-taking. [Mar 2015, p.108]"
Record Collector,80,"The bull horn power of Odetta and Bessie Smiths sly blues are other touchstones on an agile, emotional record."
The Guardian,80,"The exceptionally well-curated material is all drawn from women singers--if not always women writers--and does a fine job of placing Giddens at the nexus of a multiplicity of traditions. [Mar 2015, p.79]"
The Telegraph (UK),70,"Most of the time, as on a soulful version of Patsy Cline's 'She's Got You,' Giddens imbues these classics with a freshness and vitality that feel right at home in 2015."
Q Magazine,80,"What Hardy has done here is make a folk album for people who don't normally like folk music. [Apr 2015, p.103]"
AllMusic,80,"This adventurous new work mixes intimate, drifting ballads and pop choruses, and is backed by an intriguing mix of her own fiddle, banjo, brass and percussion."
Austin Chronicle,80,"She elegantly smudges the borders of a brass and banjo-driven sound with sophisticated little experiments in rhythm, production and arrangement."
Mojo,70,"Hardy's agile vocals and lyricism are never in doubt, but shine brighter on light touch arrangements. [Jun 2015, p.76]"


Record Collector,90,"On Your Own Love Again is something else again, at least a personal landmark and maybe a classic. Simple, straightforward, but more than it seems, this is one of the best albums of 2015 so far and marks the emergence of a very distinctive songwriting talent."
American Songwriter,90,"Her lyrics feel like they're whispered directly into the ear; her guitar playing (the only accompaniment aside from the occasional flute) is even more meticulous. But the true leap is in the set's many quietly arresting moments."
Exclaim,90,"Armed with little more than a guitar, some rudimentary tape-tracking recording materials and a a treasure trove of inventive vocal harmonies, Pratts darkly ambitious compositions are fleshed out into alcoves of aural mischief, served mystical and with a kind of dark magic, vacillating as they do between optimism and pessimism."
PopMatters,90,"Pratt's succinct lines can spill out so naturally and conversationally it's hard to believe someone wrote them, except that she messes with the syntax a little, too."
Uncut,90,"Without many spikes in volume or energy level, these murmuring songs generate an undeniably powerful radiance, breaking down doors creatively despite their understated trappings."
Blurt Magazine,81,"On Your Own Love Again has more earnest moments, but its unadorned emotional uncertainty is profound and relatable."
The Independent (UK),80,"When we hear that scratch of pick on acoustic, we're trained to expect some diary-entry-type emoting. Pratt plays against that expectation beautifully, leaving us just enough breadcrumbs to get us lost."
Mojo,80,"A hushed treasure. [Jan 2015, p.71]"
The Guardian,80,"Perhaps working quietly away from bustle has helped the 27-year old craft folksy songs that--tape hiss and all--are magically out of time. They sit neatly alongside Sandy Denny, Nick Drake, Nicos Chelsea Girl and Angel Olsen: ethereally beautiful with a dark undercurrent."
Uncut,80,"The lyrics meditations on transience and memory suit the sounds very nicely. And so the whole thing congeals into a brilliant whole."
AllMusic,80,"Overall, On Your Own Love Again is a mesmerising, bewitching listen."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"On Your Own Love Again is a timeless record by a remarkable talent only just starting to show what she can do."
AllMusic,80,"The melodic charms are epic, the lyrical insights about romantic disappointment universal. [Feb 2015, p.114]"
Mojo,80,"These are new songs that sound like the old songs, the kind you might treasure 'til your vinyl is pockmarked and warped. [Feb 2015, p.86]"
Uncut,75,"With On Your Own Love Again, Jessica Pratt has crafted a record that is as accessible as it is complex, two traits that she proves are not mutually exclusive."
Q Magazine,75,"There are no jitters or missteps on On Your Own Love Again; its an album of puzzle-piece precision."
Dusted Magazine,75,"Pratt sings of trying to trust in love once more, and with On Your Own Love Again we need not look far for proof that her music is a sign of a wonderful, maturing talent that we can believe in."
Q Magazine,70,"On Your Own Love Again is a record about that struggle with transmuting feeling into expression. The grand themes of the album are heavily understated but, well, thats kind of the point."
The Guardian,70,"On Your Own Love Again is a poignant and melancholy listen; one filled with gentle warmth that rings just as appropriate for both a slowly rising morning or an unwinding evening with a glass or two of wine."
The Observer (UK),60,"Whether you take to Pratt's reedy, quavering vocals (think Vashti Bunyan or Joanna Newsom) is purely subjective, but the way she changes up her register to suit a song's vibe helps bring colour to a fairly flat palette (which only includes the odd dab of organ and clavinet)."
Chicago Tribune,60,"Witchy and hypnotic. [Feb 2015, p.95]"
The A.V. Club,60,"It all makes for an absorbing performance and intriguing album."
Uncut,60,"As a whole, On Your Own Love Again is a somewhat murkier affair."
Spin,60,"Pratt's jazz-steeped singing and rich guitar harmonies can recall early Joni Mitchell, or a nimble, less overbearing twist on the psychedelic folk of 21st-century artists like Joanna Newsom."
musicOMH.com,80,"[A] reverent tribute to the late Elliott Smith."
AllMusic,70,"Obviously these tracks are nowhere near as essential as the originals, but its two great voices singing a handful of timeless tracks, and fans of any of the artists involved would most likely enjoy at least a few tracks from Seth Avett & Jessica Lea Mayfield Sing Elliott Smith."
Rolling Stone,70,"It's a stripped-down, heartfelt affair. [Apr-May 2015, p.80]"
Los Angeles Times,70,"The experience of this album is to have listened to an Elliott Smith record and not an Avett project or to anyone else--a testament to Smith, certainly, but also to Avett and Mayfield's tasteful if fail-safe renditions."
Pitchfork,70,"Nothing here will supplant Smith's own definitive versions, but fans of the Avett Brothers, of Mayfield, and, indeed, of Smith will find plenty to love in this affectionate and unassuming album. [No. 118, p.53]"
Mojo,67,"Minimal in both instrumentation and the pairing of the duos fragile harmonies, the recording makes no sweeping gestures or grand statements. It simply radiates affection for an artist gone much too soon."
The Telegraph (UK),60,"You're left marveling less at these adequate covers and more at Smith's foolproof songbook."
Blurt Magazine,54,"Perhaps in the end they are simply too smitten with the idea of Smith as a beautifully doomed artist to create anything beyond a loving, reverent, and therefore sheepish tribute."
NOW Magazine,50,"It rarely puts the original material in a new light or reveals much about songs that were already close to perfect."


PopMatters,90,"The richest, smartest, warmest work they've ever done. [No. 117, p.61]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),88,"Like every Punch Brothers album, The Phosphorescent Blues is defined by technical chops. But its lyrical focus offers a vibrant edge over its predecessors."
American Songwriter,80,"At times the music feels more like a classical arrangement than a bluegrass record--but it works."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),80,"The music here is unique and exciting, even if the band appeals largely to music nerds and have to struggle outside of that demographic to find an audience."
Consequence of Sound,80,"The Punch Brothers sound as comfortable nimbly skipping through classical pieces as they do creating oddly shaped bluegrass-prog--and as they do creating sparkling pop miniatures like 'Magnet' and 'Between 1st and A.' By both capturing and fusing these two sides, The Phosphorescent Blues stands as a defining record for an admittedly restless band."
Drowned In Sound,80,"This is yet another great Punch Brothers album."
Record Collector,70,"Elegant and nimble songs that are intricate in their beauty and restless in their heartbreak."
Q Magazine,70,"An album of fierce ambition and undeniable charm. [Mar 2015, p.80]"
Uncut,60,"It makes for an intriguing, though at times overcomplex and unfocused, blend."

The Line of Best Fit,80,"Houndmouth resurrect a blistering, off-its-hinges breed of Americana complete with tangible wild heart and soul."
Mojo,80,"In word and sound Little Neon Limelight is an unashamedly backward-looking record, and it's all the better for it."
The Guardian,80,"Theyre blessed with two great singers in the Dylanesque Matt Meyers and the more classically country-styled Katie Toupin, and when the members four voices combine, they really sound like they are breaking loose from their moorings."
Uncut,78,"Houndmouth pulls it all together into a packed album without faltering."
AllMusic,60,"While slightly inconsistent--perhaps the result of having four different singers  overall, this is a record full of hope and sadness and all the space that lies in between."
Magnet,60,"Houndmouth have the right touch and impressive chops, but this album makes it clear they needs a songwriter who can make their music seem fresh even as it's modeled on the past."
NOW Magazine,60,"The problem with Little Neon Limelight isnt so much the quality of the songs, as theyre generally an intriguing bunch. Its that it could be rather too eclectic a collection to listen to in one sitting."

Record Collector,80,"Every song on his debut album is sourced from an old record or field recording, but he and producer William Tyler have gone out of their way to ensure that they dont sound particularly antique. In fact, while theyll rest pretty easily upon Americana-tuned ears, they dont slot too easily into any particular scene."
PopMatters,80,"His debut album reworks traditional material, much of it obscure, yet sounding familiar thanks to the vibrancy of playing, notably from William Tyler on guitar. [Feb 2015, p.78]"
Boston Globe,80,"This is the kind of subtle record unlikely to make immediate waves, but with a staying power that will call for repeated listens."
American Songwriter,80,"All of the more modern accents are refreshingly unobtrusive. The minimalist arrangements give each instrument room to breath so the richness of the tones and the relaxed confidence of the playing stand out in sharp relief."
Paste Magazine,80,"Even with all the history built into these songs and this record, Fussell still emerges as a fresh and vital new voice, as a singer, a musician and a torch bearer for every true sound hes come across to now."

Blurt Magazine,100,"This is a terrific album, full of dignity."
Mojo,100,"The most emotional songs are bravely straightforward but quite unexpected.... Surely one of the albums of the year."
Q Magazine,90,"This music is restless but keenly aware, finding common ground and intersections between a range of source material and contemporary contexts and, most importantly of all, delivering these songs with honesty, conviction and genuine feeling."
AllMusic,80,"Its an album that, even in its quiet moments, refuses relegation to the background. In short, it serves to announce the arrival of a great talent who promises to find new ways to keep us singing the old songs well into another century."
Blurt Magazine,80,"Even if purists find the whole baroque confection too much, they will have to admit there's never been a record quite like this. [May 2015, p.99]"
Uncut,80,"For all the ideas and juxtapositions that illuminate these songs, none feel jarring or tokenistic. [Apr 2015, p.79]"
PopMatters,80,"A wonderfully inventive creation."
Exclaim,90,"It's yet another display of excellence from an artist in consummate control of his art. [Feb 2015, p.82]"
Blurt Magazine,90,"Roberts' characteristic style is Scottish without clich, and his marriage of old and new stands out in an oversaturated, strummy-guitar field of singer-songwriters as a gorgeous album from beginning to end."
American Songwriter,80,"This is the first music that feels genuinely post-referendum. [Jan 2015, p.68]"
Exclaim,80,"These self-penned songs feel so timelessly authentic they might have been dredged from the deep well of traditional British Isles song from which Roberts regularly sips. [Feb 2015, p.95]"
PopMatters,80,"His complexity comes through more clearly than ever on Alasdair Roberts, his most stripped-down solo side in years."
Alternative Press,80,"Roberts latest work is full of sonic space and warmth: an intimate and classically manifested set of tracks in which his melodic arpeggio fingerwork on the guitar is reflected by a soft and expressive voice."
Classic Rock Magazine,80,"Alasdair Roberts is not quite the equal of Spoils in terms of songwriting and is hardly as colourful as A Wonder Working Stone, but it is perhaps his most relaxed and effortless album to date."
Mojo,80,"For the casual listener, his music may be a bit heady and hard to follow, but for fans willing to be challenged, Roberts has delivered yet another excellent release."
Q Magazine,73,"Roberts songs here are quieter and simpler, and his language less ornate. And while all of Roberts music, even at its most traditional, has sounded unique and intimate it has seldom sounded this personal."
Uncut,60,"Roberts inhabits this work so entirely you can't really imagine him trudging through the same grey world as the rest of us. [Mar 2015, p.114]"
AllMusic,60,"By turns droll, pungent and lovely, it deserves more than a lo-fi production."


American Songwriter,80,"With Sallows, Mayberry and Psutka have crafted something deeply human and eerily, beautifully contradictory, like meeting someone you already know for the very first time."
Blurt Magazine,80,"The record smartly connects sound with weight and movement without ever having to coerce the listener with heavy guitars or mountains of feedback."
Under The Radar,80,"Mayberry may be better known as the husky voice of HSY, but it's with Anamai that she's truly getting at her roots."
Rolling Stone,71,"Anamai may not be as pummelling as a HSY record, but their metaphysical weight makes up for it, producing an even more striking result than Mayberrys other band."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Far from immediate, Sallows demands further listens; a full surrender to the sublime. Headphones required."
PopMatters,80,"There's tear-in-the bear country, an angry field song, but the killer is Sorrow's shine. Classic Jim White. [Feb 2015, p.95]"
Consequence of Sound,80,"The beauty of the album is that it draws its charm from the natural collision of styles. [Feb 2015, p.74]"
PopMatters,80,"Take It Like a Man isn't White's best album, but it does give him a chance to take a musical detour, and with the Packway Handle Band at his side, this turns out to be a thoroughly enjoyable side trip that suits him well."
Q Magazine,70,"Since White has the more recognizable name, and also produced the project, Take it Like a Man bears more of his absurdist influence, which is a good thing."
Mojo,60,"There's breezy charm to much of the music here. [Feb 2015, p.117]"
AllMusic,60,"Take It Like A Man is a disjointed affair with a slippery identity."
The New York Times,60,"Of course, most of the songs by these artists are fun and silly more often than serious."
Uncut,60,"Being almost (theres that qualifier again) conventional, Take It Like a Man may not hit the same highs for fans as Whites more seminal work, but its a solid set of songs given engaging performances."


The Line of Best Fit,90,"McMurtry's flair for the cinematic shines brighter than ever. [Apr 2015, p.78]"
New Musical Express (NME),90,"Complicated Game is brilliant album, dense and thoughtful as McMurtry swirls around inside the heads of another set of fascinating characters."
The 405,90,"He's a storyteller with a literary knack for using detail and narrative to draw complex, relatable characters, and his storytelling finesse has never been more evident than it is here."
The Line of Best Fit,90,"Its an album that shows again and again that very few songwriters on this planet illuminate the oft-unfair rules of this game or the inner workings of the players quite like he can."
Q Magazine,80,"This 53-year-old minor folk vets drawl doesnt obscure his flow, making it all the easier to follow his tales in real-time, inhabiting a husband cleaning his deer rifle or the bent-backed Deaver who watched as Uncle Sam took away the neighbors land."
Mojo,80,"There's a sense in almost all the songs of open roads, either beckoning or closed in, or both. [May 2015, p.99]"
AllMusic,80,"The new album doesnt have the political commentary that we saw on those two [Childish Things (2005) and Just Us Kids (2008)], but its likely were going to see Complicated Game on the nominee list come next year. Its that good."
musicOMH.com,80,"The man who cut Complicated Game is the more mature McMurtry has figured out how to deliver the fine songs he writes and get their qualities on tape."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Staunch and undeterred to the brink of defiance, Complicated Game finds McMurtrys rugged resilience again setting the tone."
Filter,81,"Africa Express keeps it to a bite-sized 41 minutes, and every one of them includes something to savor."
Under The Radar,80,"In C Mali has a delightfully loose and relaxed feel. [Mar 2015, p.51]"
Blurt Magazine,80,"It is full of sublime moments. [Mar 2015, p.97]"
Uncut,80,"Its a bold and vibrant experiment that, over its beguiling 40 minutes, realigns the pieces hypnotic power to the trance-inducing qualities inherent in Malian music."
The Guardian,80,"It's an inspired rather than gimmicky conceit. [Feb 2015, p.71]"
Clash Music,80,"By dispensing with score and allowing the musicians of Bamako to interpret de Ridders violin notations as they saw fit, Africa Express In C Mali retains the spirit of minimalism but imbues it with a heart and soul thats rare in the compositional world."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Wisely, they dont ape the original, choosing instead to retain its core components while adding snatches of flutes and strings. It is these new details that give the set its charm, whether its the winding solos, the glorious interplay or the ravishing spoken interlude that emphasises musics universal power."
Magnet,70,"Kalimbas and koras pulse throughout, but with surprising solo turns, a gentle middle section and a spoken vocal, this is proof that In C remains spry as ever at 50-plus."


Austin Chronicle,80,"Oddly familiar and familiarly odd, Season Hire is a challenging and progressive counterpoint to staid and fallow takes on folk music that have been crapping the airwaves--and our news feeds--in recent years. [No. 118, p.61]"
Consequence of Sound,80,"This collaboration feels like his most companionable, as he flexes and grouses through many moods, always in the service of the song. [Mar 2015, p.47]"
Pitchfork,80,"It is a beautiful collaboration, a wonderful platform for both the Pickers and Gunn to flex their muscles."
Uncut,80,"Old friendships contribute to the good vibes, and an atmosphere that's at once rambunctious and exploratory. [Apr 2015, p.76]"
AllMusic,80,"Seasonal Hire offers no grand statements and reveals no great mysteries. Ultimately, this is not a particularly ambitious record; no musician is stretched wildly beyond his or her limits. And yet, largely because of its off-hand quality and ease of execution, Seasonal Hire offers moments of intoxicating strangeness and beauty."
Punknews.org (Staff),80,"Always respectful of the traditions from which they emerge, Steve Gunn and the Black Twig Pickers are happy to less these sounds evolve exponentially into stunning, unforeseen vistas. A real gem."
AllMusic,80,"With enough panache to warrant a full-length release, Seasonal Hire is an all-too brief look into four musicians' quest to push their music further."
Alternative Press,74,"Seasonal Hire sounds more like a Black Twig Pickers album than a Steve Gunn album."
PopMatters,70,"Despite the relaxed, very informal nature of the playing, some deep music gets made here. While guitar freaks may have hoped for more guitar from Gunn, he's everywhere even when he's not running the show. Seasonal Hire is excellent country and Eastern."
American Songwriter,70,"His playing may offer fewer surprises than you might expect, but his spirit as a leader is present and the handful of sonic oddities he throws in are a joy to behold."
Blurt Magazine,70,"Over the course of these five tracks, the assembled musicians bring their own roots music to the mix, and end up with something that is slightly different to anything they have done before."
The Wire,60,"More an EP than an album, it's possibly not for the unwitting. [Apr 2015, p.102]"

Mojo,90,"Since this is Tanya Tagaq, no moment of the album feels excessive or perfunctory, making Animism one of the most challenging and listenable albums of the year."
Q Magazine,80,"A tour de force, and contains one of the most radically bewildering symbioses of voice and field recording Ive ever heard."
Uncut,80,"The album is distinguished, therefore, not only by impressive vocal athleticism but also by an astonishing extra-human tenderness."
The Guardian,80,"Sometimes the vocals are uncomfortable (that goes away after a couple of listens), and sometimes, like on Caribou or Rabbit, they're crystal clear and beautiful. The instrumentation is just as amorphous."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"Some of these pieces are more like performance art works than songs. [Feb 2015, p.83]"
AllMusic,70,"Indulgently arresting stuff."

Uncut,80,"It's astonishing how, despite  his 32 instrumental credits and 20 guests, it still sounds dustbowl-empty, as if these were missives from The Great Depression, time-wise and spiritually. [Aug 2015, p.93]"
PopMatters,80,"The result is a set that is spare and intimate, its imperfections and unusual instruments (sitar, xylophone) ensuring that Perkins sounds like no one else alive."
American Songwriter,78,"An album of relaxed arrangements for serenades best performed in the dawn. Once the expectations for Perkins are flattened, the idiosyncratic album becomes a welcome entry to his untraditional career."
The Observer (UK),70,"This is the work of an artist eager to explore new paths, and if it isn't a complete success, I Aubade confirms Perkins is still a vital and imaginative artist with a singular vision."
The A.V. Club,70,"There is much to enjoy in I Aubade, though, if youre willing to pay attention."
Paste Magazine,65,"verall it feels like a real thrift shop of curiosities with a few gems to be found if you go looking. And if you do, be prepared for a fair amount of sifting."
musicOMH.com,60,"More a holding album than a great step up. [Aug 2015, p.111]"
Boston Globe,58,"Perhaps treasures will be revealed when we apply the deep, close attention Perkins requests. But not enough breadcrumbs are strewn along the path to encourage the search."
PopMatters,45,"It's a tired and sluggish affair, barely mustering a pulse under Perkins' mumbling half-assed drawl."

AllMusic,80,"The album's no fence-sitter, it hits hard almost for the duration. [Feb 2015, p.90]"
American Songwriter,80,"There are inevitable misses as well as hits (House of the Rising Sun is a bit flat) but there is enough variety from musicians such as The Secret Sisters, The Milk Carton Kids, the Punch Brothers and Marcus Mumford (also the associate producer) to keep things rolling along."
Blurt Magazine,80,"If you were a fan of Inside Llewyn Davis, this a great way to bring the film to life a little more and to expand on the world which inspired it, and also a quality live album in its own right."
Mojo,70,"A great night for folkies, an instructive listen for hipsters with an interest in the '60s folk scene, and proof that Joel and Ethan Coen's cultural influence takes on many remarkable forms."
Uncut,60,"Gillian Welch and David Rawlings and Jack White outclass the flat cap and braces brigade. [Mar 2015, p.84]"
AllMusic,60,"The mix of camaraderie and musical expertise (the formidable Punch Brothers are house band) is infectious, the celebration of politically tinged folk more joyous than the Coens downbeat tale."
PopMatters,41,"The lack of any sort of critical thesis or undergirding may seem merely academic, but it translates into performances that are wanly reverent and unanimated, celebrating the music mainly for its age but not its actual history."
American Songwriter,80,"Per usual, it's the Unthanks' acumen for crafting highly refined overcast ballads that ultimately wins out, and some of us are all the better for it."
Exclaim,80,"An album of studied precision and endless textures. [Mar 2014, p.95]"
Austin Chronicle,80,"While most folk acts are content to simply keep churning out album after album of tried and tested traditional standards or self-penned campfire sing-alongs, The Unthanks are stretching the parameters of their genre with an ambition thats rarely been heard before."
The Independent (UK),80,"[Sisters Rachel and Becky Unthank] are adept at finding new connections, new paths. [Mar 2015, p.118]"
The Quietus,80,"The Unthanks have never been gentle background music as some might expect, as theyre always drawn to the darker stories that they can dig up. On Mount The Air, those stories are matched by some sumptuous, confident music, and they sound all the better for it."
Q Magazine,80,"It all adds up to reaffirm that The Unthanks are among the most quietly accomplished groups around."
The New York Times,80,"Its a lush, often exquisite set."
The Observer (UK),70,"The rest of Mount The Air is tentative by comparison [to 'Magpie']; stylish, and extremely skillful, but a bit too much arr and not enough trad. [Mar 2015, p.68]"
AllMusic,60,"Two 10-minute pieces relegate song and vocals to second place behind ambitious but lumbering orchestration--producer Adrian McNally is, alas, no Gil Evans."


New Musical Express (NME),100,"The singers distinctive baritone, dry yet emotive talk/singing style and the crystal clear recording quality focuses attention on his dynamic, sometimes humorous, always poetic lyrics. The interplay with his three backup singers also brings depth and a sensuality often lacking from the studio versions, making some of these laconic and extended performances definitive."
Under The Radar,80,"Cohen is a genially commanding stage presence, falling on his knees at crucial moments and doffing his cap for his accompanists' solo turns. The Old Ideas songs, sprinkled throughout the set at just the right intervals, are naturally at home, capped with the wry God-speaking-to-a-man-named-Leonard 'Going Home'. Otherwise, the songs you know and plenty of songs you should know better are probably here."
Magnet,80,"The Cohen here is not all that different than on the excellent two-CD set Live in London. In fact both live shows feature several of the same songs in similar order.... Despite the three hour length of the complete box set, the time moves briskly due to the variety of the songs and musical configurations."
The Wire,80,"Although this is hardly an essential release--few live albums ever are--its no victory lap or self-indulgent unit shifter. Its true value lies in its function as a worthy addition to the latter-day Cohen canon, as a reminder that he is still an active, relevant artist and performer, rather than a self-aggrandising nostalgia act."
Fact Magazine (UK),80,"Live in Dublin reveals Leonard Cohen is actually growing and improving as a performer as his 80th birthday looms on the horizon, and this unexpected and welcome new chapter in his career continues to reap surprising and delightful rewards."
musicOMH.com,70,"A great deal of the material here was covered on 2009's Live in London, but it's well worth the price to hear backup singer Sharon Robinson's exquisite take on 'Alexandra Leaving,' Cohen's hilariously self-referential 'Going Home' and a finale where he covers 'Save the Last Dance for Me.'"
Uncut,90,"The Tangier Sessions' sound is warm and steeped in passion, wonder, and fascination."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"You almost cant grudge Bishop for his globe-hopping, 9-5 shirking, guitar-buying existence when it produces music as wonderful as this."
Boston Globe,80,"The music shines with solitary delight. [Feb 2015, p.46]"
Pitchfork,80,"Bishops elaborate flights celebrate what his instrument can do, and express by example the notion that having an interesting time along the way matters more than where youre going."
Mojo,80,"At a time when guitars serve more often as props than as centerpieces, this album is a wondrous reminder that the simplest palette can be used to paint the most profound results."
No Ripcord,80,"All told, a spellbinding journey. [Mar 2014, p.100]"
PopMatters,80,"Mostly, though, it reasserts Bishop's status as wide-ranging guitar master, gently amused by any such assumptions of grandeur. [Mar 2015, p.71]"
Slant Magazine,80,"Its the unhurried nature of these improvisations which are their greatest strength. Couple this with his sharp ear for melody, not to mention his frequently unbelievable fingertips, and this album emerges as another incredibly strong outing for Sir Richard Bishop in a truly interesting and consistent discography."
Blurt Magazine,80,"The conceit of Bishop's new album, Tangier Sessions, is some serious guitar-dork lore that would make any bedroom noodler salivate."
Exclaim,75,"It's a pleasure to hear him unpacking his toy, stretching out and exploring this new set of voices. [No. 117, p.61]"
Uncut,75,"Hes spent decades getting musical vocabularies from all over the world under his fingers, and even when his improvisations begin to meander, what he creates from his well of options is remarkable and wholly his own."
AllMusic,70,"These improvised pieces are intricate and certainly stand up to repeated listens, and the album makes a good companion piece to Bishop's previous, rather fine, acoustic recordings."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"The result is a beguiling--albeit, at seven tracks, rather short--set of intricate, finger-picked songs."
Rock Sound,40,"Bishops self-indulgence stunts any suggestion that anyone other than a serious aficionados is going to express anything more than passing interest."


Alternative Press,90,"Rice hasnt changed his sound much, but his writing is still every bit as visceral as it always has been, and his long-awaited third album, called My Favourite Faded Fantasy, absolutely lives up to the legacy of his previous work."
Kerrang!,90,"What makes this effort so different is its ability to transcend those mere qualitative descriptions and transport ones mind to its most emotionally darkest corners--even if it has to clear away some of the cobwebs that we attempt to veil our pain in."
Uncut,90,"Everything sings here, no matter how dark the matter at hand."
DIY Magazine,83,"The album flows as if it were a mixtape of Rice songs to a former lover."
AllMusic,80,"Rices Fantasy, coproduced by Rick Rubin, is often dark and beautiful, featuring dramatic orchestrations, intricate arrangements, and hushed, swooning vocals."
The Quietus,80,"My Favourite Faded Fantasy may come on as a bit underwhelming at first but that's the intent: it's not designed to grab, it's designed to soothe and then slowly worm its way into the subconscious, which is where these eight songs reveal themselves to be as strong as anything else Rice has written."
Boston Globe,80,"It may not be a barrel of laughs, but My Favourite Faded Fantasy proves that nobody does hushed introspection as well as Damien Rice."
American Songwriter,80,"He claims not to care whether his comeback is a commercial success, but one suspects it will be regardless. It deserves to be."
Q Magazine,80,"This record still feels raw, it still feels intimate, but a little more bold in its sentiments. Its in those moments of bravery and risk that Rice still stands worthy of his heart-wrenching troubadour title."
Mojo,78,"While eight years couldve brought about a jarring change, Rice has returned with eight satisfying, hearty tracks--albeit, nothing too far off his beaten path."
The Telegraph (UK),70,"As a whole, they don't quite match the melancholy majesty of his debut O, but moments do rival his best work. [Dec 2014, p.108]"
musicOMH.com,60,"The album's soft-haze strings are to die for, and the trad-sounding Trusty And True has admirable reach and dignity. [Dec 2014, p.100]"
AllMusic,60,"Rice is much more appealing when he blatantly ramps up the theatre, sticks a bit of greasepaint over his sincerity, tips irreversibly into show business. [Dec 2014, p.114]"
Uncut,60,"Bombast, buoyed by self-doubt, gets in the way of the finer sentiments, especially in the album's over-inflated middle. But subtle pleasures can still be found."
Record Collector,40,"Where O was direct, raw and sober--cold and real in its confessional heartbreak--MFFF is aimlessly wistful and therefore more difficult to connect with."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),100,"The result is the gorgeous Tomorrow is My Turn, which shows off the full singing range and power of the frontwoman for innovative string-band trio the Carolina Chocolate Drops."
The Observer (UK),90,"Everything works on Tomorrow Is My Turn, an album that heralds the arrival of a major American artist."
Uncut,80,"Turn is a haunting, often painfully beautiful example of how songs that may seem dead and buried can sublimely rise from the grave."
The New York Times,80,"Raw and skiffly as you'd expect. [Apr 2015, p.95]"
AllMusic,80,"Giddens emulates her forebears with reverence and assurance."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"This is Americana in its purest form, where gospel, folk, blues, soul, and Celtic melodies all make sense on the same album when interpreted by a dexterous vocalist and multi-instrumentalist of Giddenss caliber."
PopMatters,80,"The combination of Burnettes characteristically genuine, acoustic based production, Giddens sumptuous voice and a conceptual set list that never feels musty, yields a wonderful album whose restrained pleasures reveal themselves gradually over repeated playings."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Her easy, welcoming touch is a balm every time Tomorrow Is My Turn is played, but it's upon successive spins that the intricacies of Giddens' construction--not to mention her subtle political messages--begin to take hold."
Blurt Magazine,80,"Thirty-something mother-of-two Giddens's versatility is breath-taking. [Mar 2015, p.108]"
American Songwriter,80,"The bull horn power of Odetta and Bessie Smiths sly blues are other touchstones on an agile, emotional record."
Exclaim,80,"The exceptionally well-curated material is all drawn from women singers--if not always women writers--and does a fine job of placing Giddens at the nexus of a multiplicity of traditions. [Mar 2015, p.79]"
Mojo,70,"Most of the time, as on a soulful version of Patsy Cline's 'She's Got You,' Giddens imbues these classics with a freshness and vitality that feel right at home in 2015."


NOW Magazine,90,"On Your Own Love Again is something else again, at least a personal landmark and maybe a classic. Simple, straightforward, but more than it seems, this is one of the best albums of 2015 so far and marks the emergence of a very distinctive songwriting talent."
Blurt Magazine,90,"Her lyrics feel like they're whispered directly into the ear; her guitar playing (the only accompaniment aside from the occasional flute) is even more meticulous. But the true leap is in the set's many quietly arresting moments."
Mojo,90,"Armed with little more than a guitar, some rudimentary tape-tracking recording materials and a a treasure trove of inventive vocal harmonies, Pratts darkly ambitious compositions are fleshed out into alcoves of aural mischief, served mystical and with a kind of dark magic, vacillating as they do between optimism and pessimism."
musicOMH.com,90,"Pratt's succinct lines can spill out so naturally and conversationally it's hard to believe someone wrote them, except that she messes with the syntax a little, too."
Q Magazine,90,"Without many spikes in volume or energy level, these murmuring songs generate an undeniably powerful radiance, breaking down doors creatively despite their understated trappings."
Uncut,81,"On Your Own Love Again has more earnest moments, but its unadorned emotional uncertainty is profound and relatable."
The Independent (UK),80,"When we hear that scratch of pick on acoustic, we're trained to expect some diary-entry-type emoting. Pratt plays against that expectation beautifully, leaving us just enough breadcrumbs to get us lost."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"A hushed treasure. [Jan 2015, p.71]"
Mojo,80,"Perhaps working quietly away from bustle has helped the 27-year old craft folksy songs that--tape hiss and all--are magically out of time. They sit neatly alongside Sandy Denny, Nick Drake, Nicos Chelsea Girl and Angel Olsen: ethereally beautiful with a dark undercurrent."
Blurt Magazine,80,"The lyrics meditations on transience and memory suit the sounds very nicely. And so the whole thing congeals into a brilliant whole."
American Songwriter,80,"Overall, On Your Own Love Again is a mesmerising, bewitching listen."
PopMatters,80,"On Your Own Love Again is a timeless record by a remarkable talent only just starting to show what she can do."
Magnet,80,"The melodic charms are epic, the lyrical insights about romantic disappointment universal. [Feb 2015, p.114]"
Uncut,80,"These are new songs that sound like the old songs, the kind you might treasure 'til your vinyl is pockmarked and warped. [Feb 2015, p.86]"
AllMusic,75,"With On Your Own Love Again, Jessica Pratt has crafted a record that is as accessible as it is complex, two traits that she proves are not mutually exclusive."
Austin Chronicle,75,"There are no jitters or missteps on On Your Own Love Again; its an album of puzzle-piece precision."
The Line of Best Fit,75,"Pratt sings of trying to trust in love once more, and with On Your Own Love Again we need not look far for proof that her music is a sign of a wonderful, maturing talent that we can believe in."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"On Your Own Love Again is a record about that struggle with transmuting feeling into expression. The grand themes of the album are heavily understated but, well, thats kind of the point."
Uncut,70,"On Your Own Love Again is a poignant and melancholy listen; one filled with gentle warmth that rings just as appropriate for both a slowly rising morning or an unwinding evening with a glass or two of wine."
musicOMH.com,60,"Whether you take to Pratt's reedy, quavering vocals (think Vashti Bunyan or Joanna Newsom) is purely subjective, but the way she changes up her register to suit a song's vibe helps bring colour to a fairly flat palette (which only includes the odd dab of organ and clavinet)."
Mojo,60,"Witchy and hypnotic. [Feb 2015, p.95]"
Clash Music,60,"It all makes for an absorbing performance and intriguing album."
Drowned In Sound,60,"As a whole, On Your Own Love Again is a somewhat murkier affair."
The Independent (UK),60,"Pratt's jazz-steeped singing and rich guitar harmonies can recall early Joni Mitchell, or a nimble, less overbearing twist on the psychedelic folk of 21st-century artists like Joanna Newsom."
AllMusic,100,"Lost on the River recalls the spontaneity and sheer love of music-making of the original, but its not hamstrung by reverence or caution."
New Musical Express (NME),85,"Lost On The River is a joyful record, and everyone sounds like they had a lot of fun making it. And, for once T Bone Burnett seems to have been content to steer the proceedings without imposing his very recognizable production style on top of every recording."
The Observer (UK),80,"The album is as loose and free as anything that Dylan And The Band recorded during that time. [Dec 2014, p.66]"
The Guardian,80,"While the records bloat does kind of compromise its overall consistency and cohesion, Lost on the River probably still has more of the years best songs in one place than almost any other album."
Magnet,80,"It's song-setting, rather than scene-stealing. [Dec 2014, p.86]"
The Line of Best Fit,80,"Theres no doubt that The New Basement Tapes: Lost on the River is an interesting experiment, and theres certainly lots of good music contained on the album."
Pretty Much Amazing,80,"Despite an approach that can occasionally feel too reverent, these unreleased lyrics get a fittingly old, weird treatment that makes complete sense. [No. 115, p.51]"
Pitchfork,80,"Costello, James, Mumford, Goldsmith and Giddens put their disparate origins aside and pull together as a team. They clearly own these songs, and ply them accordingly. Both credence and comradery play crucial roles here, elevating this effort to that of an essential acquisition."
Record Collector,80,"Maybe theyre mostly polished pop songs where the 67 cuts embodied the raw, haphazard spirit of a songwriting era long gone--one that intuitively anticipated the impeccably executed Americana and folk heard on these new recordings--but the idea behind their origin will help them remain as timeless as the originals."
cokemachineglow,80,"The songs unfurl as they go, gathering resonance and gravity. But the personalities of the songwriters, who are bandleaders on their own, push through."
Fact Magazine (UK),75,"Like the original Basement Tapes, Lost on the River plays more like a sampler than a carefully sequenced, cohesive album. While this leads to an uneven listen, it also accentuates the groups range of abilities."
Blurt Magazine,70,"Lost On The River is an album of good, sometimes excellent songs with a  unique creation story which, in the end, adds little substance to the narrative of perhaps the most mythologised recordings in musical history. As footnotes go, however, it's an entertaining, energised and often fascinating one. [Dec 2014, p.64]"
PopMatters,70,"Burnett and the New Basement Tapes remain faithful to the spirit of The Basement Tapes yet take enough liberties to achieve their own identity, which is a difficult trick to achieve."
Dusted Magazine,61,"Nearly every track on Lost on the River has a couple of memorable moments: a marvelous turn of phrase, a brief Jim James guitar meltdown, an instant of the band members discovering how their voices can harmonize. But what it lacks is the casual joy of Dylan's Basement Tapes."
American Songwriter,60,"You are, unfortunately, left wondering how the 26-year-old Dylan would have sung them. [Dec 2014, p.113]"
Mojo,60,"About half of them work, though which half might depend on your love or tolerance for the players involved."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Kind of like almost any Dylan covers album, really, you just wish the man himself were doing this."
No Ripcord,50,"The New Basement Tapes is a mostly pleasant collection of sleek and sometimes forgettable tunes."


Drowned In Sound,90,"The richest, smartest, warmest work they've ever done. [No. 117, p.61]"
The 405,88,"Like every Punch Brothers album, The Phosphorescent Blues is defined by technical chops. But its lyrical focus offers a vibrant edge over its predecessors."
musicOMH.com,80,"At times the music feels more like a classical arrangement than a bluegrass record--but it works."
Uncut,80,"The music here is unique and exciting, even if the band appeals largely to music nerds and have to struggle outside of that demographic to find an audience."
AllMusic,80,"The Punch Brothers sound as comfortable nimbly skipping through classical pieces as they do creating oddly shaped bluegrass-prog--and as they do creating sparkling pop miniatures like 'Magnet' and 'Between 1st and A.' By both capturing and fusing these two sides, The Phosphorescent Blues stands as a defining record for an admittedly restless band."
The Wire,80,"This is yet another great Punch Brothers album."
CMJ,70,"Elegant and nimble songs that are intricate in their beauty and restless in their heartbreak."
Exclaim,70,"An album of fierce ambition and undeniable charm. [Mar 2015, p.80]"
Consequence of Sound,60,"It makes for an intriguing, though at times overcomplex and unfocused, blend."
Under The Radar,80,"Storytone presents the same 10 songs twice: compellingly naked save for a guitar or ukulele, then dressed to kill in Hollywood strings and big band brass. [Dec 2014, p.119]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"The vocals hold just enough honest rough spots to celebrate, everywhere else, the purity and committed fragility of Mr. Youngs voice, which is high and clear, even though hell be 69 on Nov. 12."
Q Magazine,80,"The orchestrations also let us focus on Young as a pure singer, rather than as a holistic musician. And hes a remarkably effective one. In his aged, spindly whine lies a world of emotion."
Uncut,80,"Many of these songs convey a querulous romance, but while the orchestra a chocolatey smoothness to the sound that renders emotional complexity glossy and neat."
The Telegraph (UK),70,"Hes crafted a tender and often forlorn eco-treatise."
Mojo,70,"The songs on Storytone glide between those highs and lows with very few false moves, making this one stylistic detour that takes Neil Young very close to his artistic home."
The Observer (UK),70,"Certainly, the most innovative thing about Storytone is its presentation, with each of the albums 10 songs recorded in acoustic and fully orchestrated versions."
musicOMH.com,70,"The choral refrain of the title hook, meanwhile, imposes collectivity on the query--just about the only time on the whole of Storytone that the horizon stretches further than Neil's emotional backyard. [Dec 2014, p.79]"
The Guardian,70,"When he calls the 92-piece orchestra in, the results are mixed."
The Independent (UK),60,"Super-smooth strings, bluesy stomps and immense righteousness are crammed into this varied, if oddly disparate selection. [Feb 2015, p.98]"
Mojo,60,"Sheer vastness occasionally swamps the pained intimacy of Young's vocals and open-heart songs of regret, nostalgia and reflection. [Dec 2014, p.88]"
Record Collector,60,"Nothing here is going to become a live-show staple, but after an underwhelming covers album earlier this year, fans will be pretty happy with this solid collection of original works."
Uncut,60,"Young's scratchy vocal fails to complement its exquisitely cinematic orchestration until the final two lines show a fleshed-out poignancy. It's the same, too, with his blues performances.... At times, though, Young and his many collaborators do gel."
Q Magazine,60,"As Storytone goes on, a pink-umbrella cocktail of vulnerability, bravery and Disney, it becomes engrossing--car-crash listening, even."
The Telegraph (UK),60,"Its a long way from the rocker's angry persona, but hes always had a soppy side. Sometimes the lyrics are also sloppy."
Resident Advisor,60,"By delivering this big, sloppy valentine to everything he is and everything he loves, he's not being neat but he is true to himself."
AllMusic,60,"Sometimes it sounds like a deathly serious joke. Other times, it sounds like nothing more than a nicely produced notion that happened to cross his mind one day."
Uncut,50,"Sure, these mirrored LPs--10 songs given lavish orchestral arrangements and also offered as solo performances on a bonus disc--might be stronger as one cherry-picked set of unrepeated songs. But it wouldn't be half as interesting."
American Songwriter,50,"You can admire its uncompromising spirit, but you can just as easily loathe its saccharine sound. After hearing some of these songs live in their acoustic forms, its jarring to see how Young has neutered them on record.... The albums saving grace is its deluxe edition, which presents all 10 songs in stripped-down, intimate settings that allow you to savor and bask in their beauty."
PopMatters,50,"The orchestral Storytone comes off as a showy distraction. It's best ignored. Head for the acoustic version instead, which contains a handful of Young's better recent songs, syrup-free."
Mojo,50,"Even though Storytone's gloppy Disney-movie strings and half-assed singing can be trying to sit through at times, the extent to which Young is willing to go to avoid resting on his laurels and making Even Longer After the Gold Rush is admirable. Namely, making an album that features almost none of the musical tropes listeners associate with Neil Youngor rock music in general."
Boston Globe,48,"Despite the dual versions, Storytone never finds a comfortable middle ground: the orchestral versions too maudlin, the solo versions over-sharing."
musicOMH.com,42,"Besides his inflexibly skeletal vocals being an awkward fit for a full orchestra --his phrasing has a hard time keeping up with the loose, big band swing of Say Hello to Chicago--some of his clunky lyrics become even clunkier when taken out of a more hushed, intimate setting."
The Guardian,40,"Storytones deluxe edition carries an extra disc of solo takes: mostly Young and ukulele. Its more palatable, but perhaps doesnt reveal any more depth to the material."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),40,"Listeners are best advised to head directly to disc two and regard the set with strings as a curiosity and an example of eccentric experimentation best left on the shelf."
Uncut,25,"If A Letter Home worked to privilege and highlight songwriting tools like melody and lyricism, Storytone does the opposite, overwhelming any inherent heart or soul in Youngs original compositions."


Q Magazine,80,"Every song on his debut album is sourced from an old record or field recording, but he and producer William Tyler have gone out of their way to ensure that they dont sound particularly antique. In fact, while theyll rest pretty easily upon Americana-tuned ears, they dont slot too easily into any particular scene."
Pitchfork,80,"His debut album reworks traditional material, much of it obscure, yet sounding familiar thanks to the vibrancy of playing, notably from William Tyler on guitar. [Feb 2015, p.78]"
AllMusic,80,"This is the kind of subtle record unlikely to make immediate waves, but with a staying power that will call for repeated listens."
American Songwriter,80,"All of the more modern accents are refreshingly unobtrusive. The minimalist arrangements give each instrument room to breath so the richness of the tones and the relaxed confidence of the playing stand out in sharp relief."
The Guardian,80,"Even with all the history built into these songs and this record, Fussell still emerges as a fresh and vital new voice, as a singer, a musician and a torch bearer for every true sound hes come across to now."

Chicago Tribune,80,"More than once on Allergic to Water, she finds the razor-thin overlap between seemingly incompatible ideas, and claims a position thats not just clearly stated but tenable."
Mojo,80,"Her vocals throughout the album sound relaxed and carefree, with wordless bridges that convey a giddy exuberance beyond the power of any lyric to convey. [No. 115, p.55]"
PopMatters,80,"In a catalog that contains over 20 studio albums, Allergic to Water is exemplary for its craft."
Uncut,60,"The thing is, despite the strength of the band (which also includes bassist Todd Sickafoose and guest Ivan Neville), much of the 12-song album feels like filler."
Blurt Magazine,40,"Harder Than It Needs to Be finds DiFranco hitting her stride, as it optimizes her knack for blending different musical genresin this case, jazz with country and bluesand for delivering wisdom through clear, no-bullshit vocal inflections. If Allergic to Water had drawn upon these strengths more consistently, the album might have yielded a more delicately handled, astutely observed meditation on social and cultural issues that demand just as much attention now as ever."
Boston Globe,90,"It's yet another display of excellence from an artist in consummate control of his art. [Feb 2015, p.82]"
Los Angeles Times,90,"Roberts' characteristic style is Scottish without clich, and his marriage of old and new stands out in an oversaturated, strummy-guitar field of singer-songwriters as a gorgeous album from beginning to end."
Uncut,80,"This is the first music that feels genuinely post-referendum. [Jan 2015, p.68]"
Record Collector,80,"These self-penned songs feel so timelessly authentic they might have been dredged from the deep well of traditional British Isles song from which Roberts regularly sips. [Feb 2015, p.95]"
Boston Globe,80,"His complexity comes through more clearly than ever on Alasdair Roberts, his most stripped-down solo side in years."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Roberts latest work is full of sonic space and warmth: an intimate and classically manifested set of tracks in which his melodic arpeggio fingerwork on the guitar is reflected by a soft and expressive voice."
Paste Magazine,80,"Alasdair Roberts is not quite the equal of Spoils in terms of songwriting and is hardly as colourful as A Wonder Working Stone, but it is perhaps his most relaxed and effortless album to date."
Country Weekly,80,"For the casual listener, his music may be a bit heady and hard to follow, but for fans willing to be challenged, Roberts has delivered yet another excellent release."
PopMatters,73,"Roberts songs here are quieter and simpler, and his language less ornate. And while all of Roberts music, even at its most traditional, has sounded unique and intimate it has seldom sounded this personal."
Q Magazine,60,"Roberts inhabits this work so entirely you can't really imagine him trudging through the same grey world as the rest of us. [Mar 2015, p.114]"
Mojo,60,"By turns droll, pungent and lovely, it deserves more than a lo-fi production."


The Observer (UK),83,"Its Cat Stevens singing rhythm and blues, with a combination of originals and covers that showcase attractive playing (legendary guitarist Richard Thompson helps here) and production (cue Rick Rubin). Best of all, his voice remains intact, providing a familiar and favorable sound."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"The singer-songwriter co-produces with Rick Rubin accentuating immediacy and intimacy. The originals, especially a poppy, introspective Cat & the Dog Trap and trenchant Gold Digger, are among his finest since resurfacing in 2006."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),75,"His well-documented spiritual quest, prime fodder for his songs even when he was pop-star Cat Stevens, remains his primary subject, but there is a toughness here that we're not used to hearing from the reflective singer-songwriter."
Blurt Magazine,70,"While we can probably do without his appropriation of You Are My Sunshine, the covers of Edgar Winter's Dying To Live and Tell 'Em I'm Gone are both moving and powerful.  [Dec 2014, p.104]"
AllMusic,70,"It's all very polite and reserved. [Jan 2015, p.79]"
Consequence of Sound,70,"These new songs should mesh gracefully with the classic music that rightfully made Cat Stevens a household name in the 70s."
Exclaim,60,"This is no modest return, either. Its produced by Rick Rubin, rocks very own St Jude, and features Richard Thompson, Charlie Musselwhite, Bonnie Prince Billy and Tinariwen, so it all sounds rather lovely despite the variety of styles."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"A tentative return at best. [Dec 2014, p.89]"
Pretty Much Amazing,60,"With Rick Rubin co-producing, there's a bluesy toughness to the anti-capitalist jeremiads 'Big Boss Man' and 'Gold Digger,' while 'Cat & the Dog Trap' recalls the simple folky prettiness and direct, easeful messages that made him a Seventies icon."
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"The likes of Gold Digger and I Was Raised in Babylon suggesting that, almost half a century into his career, theres plenty of life in Yusuf yet."
The Line of Best Fit,60,"It can be a little underwhelming but it is music with its heart in the right place."
AllMusic,60,"Tell 'Em I'm Gone confirms that Yusuf still has the talent and passion that made him a star as Cat Stevens, but the efforts to find a new sound for him don't quite work, and Rubin doesn't quite catch the light but emphatic touch of Yusuf's salad days; maybe a full reunion with Paul Samwell-Smith would be worthwhile for Yusuf's next album."
Record Collector,58,"The production and playing are beautiful throughout the album, and Yusufs voice remains remarkably preserved, still able to instantly spring from gentle introspection to emphatic eruptions. The record as a whole does suffer, though, from certain cover choices."
The Independent (UK),80,"There's tear-in-the bear country, an angry field song, but the killer is Sorrow's shine. Classic Jim White. [Feb 2015, p.95]"
Mojo,80,"The beauty of the album is that it draws its charm from the natural collision of styles. [Feb 2015, p.74]"
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Take It Like a Man isn't White's best album, but it does give him a chance to take a musical detour, and with the Packway Handle Band at his side, this turns out to be a thoroughly enjoyable side trip that suits him well."
AllMusic,70,"Since White has the more recognizable name, and also produced the project, Take it Like a Man bears more of his absurdist influence, which is a good thing."
musicOMH.com,60,"There's breezy charm to much of the music here. [Feb 2015, p.117]"
The Line of Best Fit,60,"Take It Like A Man is a disjointed affair with a slippery identity."
Uncut,60,"Of course, most of the songs by these artists are fun and silly more often than serious."
Consequence of Sound,60,"Being almost (theres that qualifier again) conventional, Take It Like a Man may not hit the same highs for fans as Whites more seminal work, but its a solid set of songs given engaging performances."


Blurt Magazine,81,"Africa Express keeps it to a bite-sized 41 minutes, and every one of them includes something to savor."
NOW Magazine,80,"In C Mali has a delightfully loose and relaxed feel. [Mar 2015, p.51]"
The Observer (UK),80,"It is full of sublime moments. [Mar 2015, p.97]"
The Wire,80,"Its a bold and vibrant experiment that, over its beguiling 40 minutes, realigns the pieces hypnotic power to the trance-inducing qualities inherent in Malian music."
Uncut,80,"It's an inspired rather than gimmicky conceit. [Feb 2015, p.71]"
The Quietus,80,"By dispensing with score and allowing the musicians of Bamako to interpret de Ridders violin notations as they saw fit, Africa Express In C Mali retains the spirit of minimalism but imbues it with a heart and soul thats rare in the compositional world."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"Wisely, they dont ape the original, choosing instead to retain its core components while adding snatches of flutes and strings. It is these new details that give the set its charm, whether its the winding solos, the glorious interplay or the ravishing spoken interlude that emphasises musics universal power."
PopMatters,70,"Kalimbas and koras pulse throughout, but with surprising solo turns, a gentle middle section and a spoken vocal, this is proof that In C remains spry as ever at 50-plus."
Delusions of Adequacy,100,"You couldn't wish for a more fitting musical soundtrack to the rest of your 2014. [Nov 2014, p.96]"
New Musical Express (NME),90,"The eight songs are all beautifully crafted, integrating elements of folk, blues and country/rock.... A new American classic. [No. 115, p.55]"
The Observer (UK),85,"Knowing Gunns exotic inspirations, Way Out Weather is certainly only a snapshot of where his talents could lead him. Whatever you take away from it, its most certainly a step in the right direction."
AllMusic,85,"Way Out Weather mixes various musical styles--folk, classic rock, psychedelia, space rock, dub hues, West African grooves, open-tuned raga drones--to arrive at a genre-defying, expansive sound that's simultaneously tight and totally, winningly loose, sparsely uncluttered yet richly textured in a way that rewards repeated spins."
musicOMH.com,80,"Steve Gunn continues his drift from the avant-garde world into popular music with another folk-tinged, guitar-worshiping set of tunes here, blending the long and varied history of hypnotic guitar into a perfectly pensive collection."
Blurt Magazine,80,"This is the most elaborately arranged thing Gunn has ever done, jammed full of understated yet excellent guitar. [Oct 2014, p.54]"
The A.V. Club,80,"Way Out Weather is a sonically dense record--Gunns de facto opus by breadth and scope--but lyrically it is impersonal, preoccupied by small pleasures and moments of private reflection that, while individually beautiful and poetic, do not suggest a self-aware attempt at making a masterpiece."
Under The Radar,80,"The melodies seemed soaked in a timeless well of American music: the album feels both new and familiar at the same time, every song a clever layering of Gunns guitars--acoustic, electric, steel, and assorted effects pedals, but all separated clearly, so theres no hint of sonic mush. Gunns voice is perfect, too."
The Observer (UK),80,"His ability to arrange is masterful and, on Way Out Weather, he establishes this sort of psychedelic roots sound that exists outside of about any recognizable genre or even sub-genre."
AllMusic,80,"His latest, Way Out Weather, is the fully formed pinnacle of his career."
Consequence of Sound,80,"His musical language has evolved into a sound that is not only ambitious, but instantly recognizable."
The Independent (UK),80,"It's fortunate that the warmly accessible Way Out Weather, which showcases his melodious, improvising guitar, exists in less esoteric numbers [than his limited released vinyl albums]. [Nov 2014, p.112]"
PopMatters,80,"He sings plenty, with engaging huskiness, while leading his band down ever more inventive tangents. [Nov 2014, p.76]"
Rolling Stone,80,"As a songwriter, singer, guitarist and bandleader, hes self-assured, masterful and working from his own plain."
Blurt Magazine,70,"He's often thought of more as an instrumental virtuoso than a singer-songwriter, but here he excels at both."
Country Weekly,70,"Way Out Weather's lines and contours are beautifully rendered. But there are times when Gunn's songs don't benefit from the extra exposure, when one misses Time Off's murkier, more forgiving production."


Mojo,90,"Since this is Tanya Tagaq, no moment of the album feels excessive or perfunctory, making Animism one of the most challenging and listenable albums of the year."
The Guardian,80,"A tour de force, and contains one of the most radically bewildering symbioses of voice and field recording Ive ever heard."
AllMusic,80,"The album is distinguished, therefore, not only by impressive vocal athleticism but also by an astonishing extra-human tenderness."
Uncut,80,"Sometimes the vocals are uncomfortable (that goes away after a couple of listens), and sometimes, like on Caribou or Rabbit, they're crystal clear and beautiful. The instrumentation is just as amorphous."
The Observer (UK),70,"Some of these pieces are more like performance art works than songs. [Feb 2015, p.83]"
The Line of Best Fit,70,"Indulgently arresting stuff."
AllMusic,90,"The entirety of Heartleap is wispy, spare, understated, and moving in its insight and honesty."
Mojo,85,"Heartleap works superbly as a collection of songs, and can only serve to extend and preserve her legacy."
Q Magazine,85,"As the concluding part of that elongated trilogy, Heartleap is the most magnificent and worthy of valedictions."
American Songwriter,80,"It's a firm and deliberate withdrawal from the spotlight but one tinged with sharp self-awareness and the humane intelligence that governs all of Bunyan's work. [Sep 2014, p.52]"
musicOMH.com,80,"A dreamy, immersive mood piece that is as personal as it is instantly accessible. [Nov 2014, p.93]"
AllMusic,80,"Another profoundly pastoral and ethereal folk record. [No. 114, p.53]"
PopMatters,80,"There's something very satisfying about listening to a woman whose career has been marked by deeply ambivalent encounters with the machinery of the music industry--who was briefly being touted as the next Marianne Faithful under Loog Oldham, and whose work was later forced into a folk mould on Diamond Day--finally seize the means of music production and create an album on her own terms."
Exclaim,80,"A delicate, quietly ruminative collection of songs that she herself arranged and recorded on computer. It sounds, one supposes, exactly as Bunyan intended."
American Songwriter,80,"Heartleap is a treasure to withhold, and though it's proclaimed as a departure, it feels both complete and satisfyingly open-ended."
Mojo,80,"Heartleap benefits from some subtle, unexpected instrumentation, including kalimba and vibraphone butalthough it does include contributions from her touring band (including the great guitarist Gareth Dickson), it still feels personal to the point of being solitary."
Magnet,80,"Her third album is as intimate as music can be. [Nov 2014, p.108]"
American Songwriter,80,"This is the distilled, finely crafted essence of Bunyan: a hushed, reflective meditation of an album that seems to have the welcome effect of cancelling out the world around the listener."
Blurt Magazine,80,"If Heartleap does indeed prove to be the final destination of Bunyan's old horse and cart, it's entirely worthy one. [Nov 2014, p.79]"
Under The Radar,78,"Her work is a testament to the power of even the quietest music to help us feel things deeply, an experience that lasts for a few minutes that we can return to for a lifetime."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"If you can cope with the extreme twee, Heartleap is a diamond."
Pretty Much Amazing,70,"Bunyan has curated a lush musical mobile of soundscapes."
Paste Magazine,60,"She is capable of writing strong melodies, but the mood here rarely strays far from the pleasantly soporific."


Rolling Stone,80,"The album's no fence-sitter, it hits hard almost for the duration. [Feb 2015, p.90]"
AllMusic,80,"There are inevitable misses as well as hits (House of the Rising Sun is a bit flat) but there is enough variety from musicians such as The Secret Sisters, The Milk Carton Kids, the Punch Brothers and Marcus Mumford (also the associate producer) to keep things rolling along."
Exclaim,80,"If you were a fan of Inside Llewyn Davis, this a great way to bring the film to life a little more and to expand on the world which inspired it, and also a quality live album in its own right."
Q Magazine,70,"A great night for folkies, an instructive listen for hipsters with an interest in the '60s folk scene, and proof that Joel and Ethan Coen's cultural influence takes on many remarkable forms."
The Guardian,60,"Gillian Welch and David Rawlings and Jack White outclass the flat cap and braces brigade. [Mar 2015, p.84]"
Slant Magazine,60,"The mix of camaraderie and musical expertise (the formidable Punch Brothers are house band) is infectious, the celebration of politically tinged folk more joyous than the Coens downbeat tale."
PopMatters,41,"The lack of any sort of critical thesis or undergirding may seem merely academic, but it translates into performances that are wanly reverent and unanimated, celebrating the music mainly for its age but not its actual history."
Consequence of Sound,100,"Gospel choirs hum and swell tenderly beneath the rougher edges of his riffs. They add mature, universal gravitas and often a holy ecstacy to an intense, youthful lyrical tangling of religion and romantic obsession that regularly finds him poised 'between love and abuse'."
The A.V. Club,91,"He's more than capable of drifting smoothly between bluesy soul, juke-joint R&B, and drinking-song folk on his hearty debut. [6 Oct 2014, p.62]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),90,"The understated maturity of the 24-year-old Hozier on his debut album is a beacon for young writers learning to craft significant compositions."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"This is a brave, weighty and heartfelt debut from a hefty new songwriter. Hozier has arrived."
Paste Magazine,80,"The more steeped Hozier gets in Southern influence the better: slow, hymnal Work Song disguises a love ballad as a spiritual to blissful effect, a perfect showcase for his rich, resonant alto."
Magnet,80,"Hozier is an authentic portrait of an artist--soulful, spiritual and seductive  and is a deeply impressive first step."
AllMusic,75,"Hozier is far more nuanced than these inspirations imply, mainly because of its skillful, smart exploration of dualities."
PopMatters,70,"His YouTube hit 'Take Me to Church' won him a wave of insta-hype, and his debut LP earns it."
Uncut,70,"In spite of its extra padding and occasional foibles, it's a strong debut and Hozier is far more commanding and convincing than so many other blues-inspired young turks lurking conspicuously in the alleyways of indiedom."
Exclaim,60,"It's by no means a classic but there's enough personality to suggest Hozier will be with us for the long haul. [Oct 2014, p.110]"

Rolling Stone,100,"The singers distinctive baritone, dry yet emotive talk/singing style and the crystal clear recording quality focuses attention on his dynamic, sometimes humorous, always poetic lyrics. The interplay with his three backup singers also brings depth and a sensuality often lacking from the studio versions, making some of these laconic and extended performances definitive."
PopMatters,80,"Cohen is a genially commanding stage presence, falling on his knees at crucial moments and doffing his cap for his accompanists' solo turns. The Old Ideas songs, sprinkled throughout the set at just the right intervals, are naturally at home, capped with the wry God-speaking-to-a-man-named-Leonard 'Going Home'. Otherwise, the songs you know and plenty of songs you should know better are probably here."
Magnet,80,"The Cohen here is not all that different than on the excellent two-CD set Live in London. In fact both live shows feature several of the same songs in similar order.... Despite the three hour length of the complete box set, the time moves briskly due to the variety of the songs and musical configurations."
Uncut,80,"Although this is hardly an essential release--few live albums ever are--its no victory lap or self-indulgent unit shifter. Its true value lies in its function as a worthy addition to the latter-day Cohen canon, as a reminder that he is still an active, relevant artist and performer, rather than a self-aggrandising nostalgia act."
AllMusic,80,"Live in Dublin reveals Leonard Cohen is actually growing and improving as a performer as his 80th birthday looms on the horizon, and this unexpected and welcome new chapter in his career continues to reap surprising and delightful rewards."
American Songwriter,70,"A great deal of the material here was covered on 2009's Live in London, but it's well worth the price to hear backup singer Sharon Robinson's exquisite take on 'Alexandra Leaving,' Cohen's hilariously self-referential 'Going Home' and a finale where he covers 'Save the Last Dance for Me.'"


Austin Chronicle,90,"Rice hasnt changed his sound much, but his writing is still every bit as visceral as it always has been, and his long-awaited third album, called My Favourite Faded Fantasy, absolutely lives up to the legacy of his previous work."
Paste Magazine,90,"What makes this effort so different is its ability to transcend those mere qualitative descriptions and transport ones mind to its most emotionally darkest corners--even if it has to clear away some of the cobwebs that we attempt to veil our pain in."
Rolling Stone,90,"Everything sings here, no matter how dark the matter at hand."
Record Collector,83,"The album flows as if it were a mixtape of Rice songs to a former lover."
Blurt Magazine,80,"Rices Fantasy, coproduced by Rick Rubin, is often dark and beautiful, featuring dramatic orchestrations, intricate arrangements, and hushed, swooning vocals."
AllMusic,80,"My Favourite Faded Fantasy may come on as a bit underwhelming at first but that's the intent: it's not designed to grab, it's designed to soothe and then slowly worm its way into the subconscious, which is where these eight songs reveal themselves to be as strong as anything else Rice has written."
PopMatters,80,"It may not be a barrel of laughs, but My Favourite Faded Fantasy proves that nobody does hushed introspection as well as Damien Rice."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"He claims not to care whether his comeback is a commercial success, but one suspects it will be regardless. It deserves to be."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"This record still feels raw, it still feels intimate, but a little more bold in its sentiments. Its in those moments of bravery and risk that Rice still stands worthy of his heart-wrenching troubadour title."
musicOMH.com,78,"While eight years couldve brought about a jarring change, Rice has returned with eight satisfying, hearty tracks--albeit, nothing too far off his beaten path."
Mojo,70,"As a whole, they don't quite match the melancholy majesty of his debut O, but moments do rival his best work. [Dec 2014, p.108]"
Uncut,60,"The album's soft-haze strings are to die for, and the trad-sounding Trusty And True has admirable reach and dignity. [Dec 2014, p.100]"
DIY Magazine,60,"Rice is much more appealing when he blatantly ramps up the theatre, sticks a bit of greasepaint over his sincerity, tips irreversibly into show business. [Dec 2014, p.114]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"Bombast, buoyed by self-doubt, gets in the way of the finer sentiments, especially in the album's over-inflated middle. But subtle pleasures can still be found."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"Where O was direct, raw and sober--cold and real in its confessional heartbreak--MFFF is aimlessly wistful and therefore more difficult to connect with."
Q Magazine,100,"Theres an uncommon depth here that hasnt been evidenced on Williams records in ages, both in the sonics (an immaculately crafted blend of intimate and widescreen) and the lyrics, which at times are deeply confessional and others downright defiant as the songwriter stares down her demons, the vicissitudes of relationships and the rampant idiocy of the outside world."
The Line of Best Fit,100,"All told, its a magnificent, career-defining set, full of hard-won wisdom, assertive independence--and compassion in abundance."
Exclaim,90,"It feels like the deepest and most soulful album she has made."
Paste Magazine,88,"[The cover of J.J. Cale's 'Magnolia' is] a beautiful grace note that rewards those who stay for the long haul."
AllMusic,80,"The result is one of her most wide-ranging and satisfying collections. [Nov 2014, p.93]"
PopMatters,80,"She continues to prove herself anyway, again and again: here throughout twenty songs, and throughout thirty-five years and beyond."
Q Magazine,80,"It's a truism that embedded in most double albums is an even better single one, but that doesn't apply here. [No. 114, p.58]"
Record Collector,80,"This all-original 20-tracker works even better as an intimate, end-to-end, night-drive companion than a snack tray despite Williams's often grueling vocal intensity. [Nov 2014, p.119]"
AllMusic,80,"What makes it so compelling is a classic rock Americana set up deftly interweaving lazy twin guitars and splashes of Hammond organ over steady rolling chord progressions that gather power with each repetition."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"Shes pithy and penetrating, bruised but steadfast, proud of the grain and drawl of her voice."
Classic Rock Magazine,80,"Williams adapted the song from a poem by her father, Miller Williams, and it gives Down Where the Spirit Meets the Bone its emotional compass if not its melodic direction. The rest of this double album, Williamss first, settles into a deep groove that suggests the singer-songwriter was fired up and couldnt--and shouldnt--whittle her latest to a standard 10 songs."
Mojo,80,"This music is taut and soulful, but also a document of one woman baring her spirit and mind to the world, which has always been the case with her best music, and if this isn't a masterpiece, it's as pure, straightforward, and compelling as anything she's done since Essence."
Uncut,80,"The overall mixture of anger and longing, fierceness and calm, is breathtaking. [Nov 2014, p.68]"
The Guardian,80,"Williams has assembled many guest musicians this time around, but despite all the disparate talent, the album is a tight, coherent work that never devolves into self-indulgent jamming, even at an epic 103 minutes."
The Telegraph (UK),70,"Throughout, Williams walks the line between tough and tender, just as she cleverly negotiates the path dividing heartland American music and the alternative, counter cultural variety. [Dec 2014, p.106]"
PopMatters,70,"This album stands with Williams strongest work and represents that rare thing in American popular music and its culture of celebrity."
AllMusic,70,"She's tough and confrontational, and on her 11th studio album, Down Where The Spirit Meets the Bone, that toughness initially comes across as even more deeply entrenched. It takes a little while to discover the tenderness that goes along with it."
Consequence of Sound,67,"Lack of focus falters the whole, but Down Where the Spirit Meets the Bone triumphs in Lucinda Williams becoming gloriously unbound."
Boston Globe,60,"Vocally, Williams experiments more than ever before, almost to the point of jazzy improvisation; she drawls, mutters and often leaves phrases hanging in the air, at times reminiscent of Mary Margaret OHara. Its a welcome development and helps to make the album feel like her most accomplished in many years."


The Telegraph (UK),100,"Lost on the River recalls the spontaneity and sheer love of music-making of the original, but its not hamstrung by reverence or caution."
Rolling Stone,85,"Lost On The River is a joyful record, and everyone sounds like they had a lot of fun making it. And, for once T Bone Burnett seems to have been content to steer the proceedings without imposing his very recognizable production style on top of every recording."
The Guardian,80,"The album is as loose and free as anything that Dylan And The Band recorded during that time. [Dec 2014, p.66]"
Austin Chronicle,80,"While the records bloat does kind of compromise its overall consistency and cohesion, Lost on the River probably still has more of the years best songs in one place than almost any other album."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"It's song-setting, rather than scene-stealing. [Dec 2014, p.86]"
AllMusic,80,"Theres no doubt that The New Basement Tapes: Lost on the River is an interesting experiment, and theres certainly lots of good music contained on the album."
PopMatters,80,"Despite an approach that can occasionally feel too reverent, these unreleased lyrics get a fittingly old, weird treatment that makes complete sense. [No. 115, p.51]"
The New York Times,80,"Costello, James, Mumford, Goldsmith and Giddens put their disparate origins aside and pull together as a team. They clearly own these songs, and ply them accordingly. Both credence and comradery play crucial roles here, elevating this effort to that of an essential acquisition."
The Independent (UK),80,"Maybe theyre mostly polished pop songs where the 67 cuts embodied the raw, haphazard spirit of a songwriting era long gone--one that intuitively anticipated the impeccably executed Americana and folk heard on these new recordings--but the idea behind their origin will help them remain as timeless as the originals."
AllMusic,80,"The songs unfurl as they go, gathering resonance and gravity. But the personalities of the songwriters, who are bandleaders on their own, push through."
The Telegraph (UK),75,"Like the original Basement Tapes, Lost on the River plays more like a sampler than a carefully sequenced, cohesive album. While this leads to an uneven listen, it also accentuates the groups range of abilities."
Record Collector,70,"Lost On The River is an album of good, sometimes excellent songs with a  unique creation story which, in the end, adds little substance to the narrative of perhaps the most mythologised recordings in musical history. As footnotes go, however, it's an entertaining, energised and often fascinating one. [Dec 2014, p.64]"
The Guardian,70,"Burnett and the New Basement Tapes remain faithful to the spirit of The Basement Tapes yet take enough liberties to achieve their own identity, which is a difficult trick to achieve."
The Independent (UK),61,"Nearly every track on Lost on the River has a couple of memorable moments: a marvelous turn of phrase, a brief Jim James guitar meltdown, an instant of the band members discovering how their voices can harmonize. But what it lacks is the casual joy of Dylan's Basement Tapes."
The Line of Best Fit,60,"You are, unfortunately, left wondering how the 26-year-old Dylan would have sung them. [Dec 2014, p.113]"
Clash Music,60,"About half of them work, though which half might depend on your love or tolerance for the players involved."
musicOMH.com,60,"Kind of like almost any Dylan covers album, really, you just wish the man himself were doing this."
Q Magazine,50,"The New Basement Tapes is a mostly pleasant collection of sleek and sometimes forgettable tunes."
The Guardian,90,"The treatments are smartly contemporary, balancing Amidon's clawhammer banjo with Frisell's echoing electric guitar, backed by jazz-inflected bass and drums. [No. 114, p.53]"
The Quietus,90,"Its heartfelt and sincere without pandering to any audience."
The Wire,84,"Culling lyrics from the public domain and recording with few overdubs or added takes, Amidon and a group of trusted players perform Lily-O with an immense, artistic daring."
Uncut,80,"It's easily one of the most beautiful, subdued folk records of the year."
Record Collector,80,"He just hides his eccentricities a little better this time. You have to look for them, but theyre there."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Many of the inventive musical excursions were improvised live in the studio. [Nov 2014, p.95]"
Record Collector,80,"Technology's presence just goes to show how untamable Amidon's unself-conscious, creaky-rope voice is. [Nov 2014, p.71]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"Somehow at once entertaining, comforting, and challenging, Lily-O sees Amidon again pushing his distinctive perspectives through songs that belong to everybody."
AllMusic,80,"Sam Amidons new set of reimagined folk songs is a compellingly quiet, intense affair that is remarkable both for the power of his understated, no-nonsense and often mournful vocals, and for the subtle arrangements that bring an urgency to his mostly traditional American songs and hymns."
musicOMH.com,70,"The adventure sees Amidon and band record fully live, in a successful attempt at playing in an intimate, real setting, without either artifice of overdubs."
Uncut,70,"Mr. Amidons singing is unforced but sturdy, and possibly playing with your notions of guilelessness."
The Independent (UK),70,"He trusts in the strength of his lived-in arrangements and, on another album of beautifully detailed folk songs, hes absolutely right to do so."
Blurt Magazine,59,"There is nothing on Lily-O to break the spell these musicians have too carefully cast. In other words, there is nothing to get Amidon out of his own head or out of our collective past."


Paste Magazine,80,"Storytone presents the same 10 songs twice: compellingly naked save for a guitar or ukulele, then dressed to kill in Hollywood strings and big band brass. [Dec 2014, p.119]"
Q Magazine,80,"The vocals hold just enough honest rough spots to celebrate, everywhere else, the purity and committed fragility of Mr. Youngs voice, which is high and clear, even though hell be 69 on Nov. 12."
No Ripcord,80,"The orchestrations also let us focus on Young as a pure singer, rather than as a holistic musician. And hes a remarkably effective one. In his aged, spindly whine lies a world of emotion."
Uncut,80,"Many of these songs convey a querulous romance, but while the orchestra a chocolatey smoothness to the sound that renders emotional complexity glossy and neat."
Pitchfork,70,"Hes crafted a tender and often forlorn eco-treatise."
Under The Radar,70,"The songs on Storytone glide between those highs and lows with very few false moves, making this one stylistic detour that takes Neil Young very close to his artistic home."
PopMatters,70,"Certainly, the most innovative thing about Storytone is its presentation, with each of the albums 10 songs recorded in acoustic and fully orchestrated versions."
Exclaim,70,"The choral refrain of the title hook, meanwhile, imposes collectivity on the query--just about the only time on the whole of Storytone that the horizon stretches further than Neil's emotional backyard. [Dec 2014, p.79]"
AllMusic,70,"When he calls the 92-piece orchestra in, the results are mixed."
The Line of Best Fit,60,"Super-smooth strings, bluesy stomps and immense righteousness are crammed into this varied, if oddly disparate selection. [Feb 2015, p.98]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"Sheer vastness occasionally swamps the pained intimacy of Young's vocals and open-heart songs of regret, nostalgia and reflection. [Dec 2014, p.88]"
Dusted Magazine,60,"Nothing here is going to become a live-show staple, but after an underwhelming covers album earlier this year, fans will be pretty happy with this solid collection of original works."
Rolling Stone,60,"Young's scratchy vocal fails to complement its exquisitely cinematic orchestration until the final two lines show a fleshed-out poignancy. It's the same, too, with his blues performances.... At times, though, Young and his many collaborators do gel."
Blurt Magazine,60,"As Storytone goes on, a pink-umbrella cocktail of vulnerability, bravery and Disney, it becomes engrossing--car-crash listening, even."
The Independent (UK),60,"Its a long way from the rocker's angry persona, but hes always had a soppy side. Sometimes the lyrics are also sloppy."
Exclaim,60,"By delivering this big, sloppy valentine to everything he is and everything he loves, he's not being neat but he is true to himself."
Austin Chronicle,60,"Sometimes it sounds like a deathly serious joke. Other times, it sounds like nothing more than a nicely produced notion that happened to cross his mind one day."
Blurt Magazine,50,"Sure, these mirrored LPs--10 songs given lavish orchestral arrangements and also offered as solo performances on a bonus disc--might be stronger as one cherry-picked set of unrepeated songs. But it wouldn't be half as interesting."
PopMatters,50,"You can admire its uncompromising spirit, but you can just as easily loathe its saccharine sound. After hearing some of these songs live in their acoustic forms, its jarring to see how Young has neutered them on record.... The albums saving grace is its deluxe edition, which presents all 10 songs in stripped-down, intimate settings that allow you to savor and bask in their beauty."
Boston Globe,50,"The orchestral Storytone comes off as a showy distraction. It's best ignored. Head for the acoustic version instead, which contains a handful of Young's better recent songs, syrup-free."
Mojo,50,"Even though Storytone's gloppy Disney-movie strings and half-assed singing can be trying to sit through at times, the extent to which Young is willing to go to avoid resting on his laurels and making Even Longer After the Gold Rush is admirable. Namely, making an album that features almost none of the musical tropes listeners associate with Neil Youngor rock music in general."
Uncut,48,"Despite the dual versions, Storytone never finds a comfortable middle ground: the orchestral versions too maudlin, the solo versions over-sharing."
Spin,42,"Besides his inflexibly skeletal vocals being an awkward fit for a full orchestra --his phrasing has a hard time keeping up with the loose, big band swing of Say Hello to Chicago--some of his clunky lyrics become even clunkier when taken out of a more hushed, intimate setting."
Paste Magazine,40,"Storytones deluxe edition carries an extra disc of solo takes: mostly Young and ukulele. Its more palatable, but perhaps doesnt reveal any more depth to the material."
Rolling Stone,40,"Listeners are best advised to head directly to disc two and regard the set with strings as a curiosity and an example of eccentric experimentation best left on the shelf."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),25,"If A Letter Home worked to privilege and highlight songwriting tools like melody and lyricism, Storytone does the opposite, overwhelming any inherent heart or soul in Youngs original compositions."

AllMusic,100,"Cohens triumphant return to the live arena is reflected in the growling assuredness of his vocals. An absolute treat."
Q Magazine,100,"Popular Problems--note the drolly contradictory title--finds his agreeable baritone growl applied as usual to romantic disappointment and political venality with vivid, jolting metaphors (I see the ghost of culture, with numbers on his wrist) cutting to the quick."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),95,"Popular Problems is a fine addition to that legacy. At 80 years old, Leonard Cohen is just beginning to hit his stride."
Billboard.com,90,"The music, co-created with producer Patrick Leonard, is sparse but energetically diverse, with dips into Memphis soul, country, cabaret and jazzy funk. [No. 115, p.58]"
The A.V. Club,90,"The great just gets greater."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"Popular Problems reveals that at 80, Cohen not only has plenty left, but is on top of his game."
PopMatters,90,"There is more raw drama here, a prevailing starkness. [Nov 2014, p.65]"
Record Collector,90,"It's surprising, deeply moving and occasionally stunning."
Boston Globe,83,"As usual, the freshest-sounding songs are those that tread the farthest from Cohens gypsy-folk roots, but here thats most of them, save the plodding thud of Samson In New Orleans and the lilting, acoustic You Got Me Singing."
Paste Magazine,80,"The result is an autumnal masterpiece to rank alongside anything by Bob Dylan or Johnny Cash. [Nov 2014, p.92]"
Exclaim,80,"Leonard's half-spoken, slow, dark blues growl is powerful. [Nov 2014, p.86]"
Slant Magazine,80,"His voice remains charming, devilish-yet-wise, and his delivery as beguiling as ever. [Nov 2014, p.109]"
The Telegraph (UK),80,"The results are extremely life-affirming."
Clash Music,80,"This album feels perfectly formed as it is though."
Uncut,80,"Mostly, Popular Problems presents Cohens wry, wracked recitations against almost ascetic backings overseen by Patrick Leonard, famed for his work with Madonna."
American Songwriter,80,"As intimate, beautiful and witty as ever, theres an impassioned life in Leonard that's missing from many artists a quarter of his age."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Popular Problems, his 13th studio album, has everything of which a latter-day Cohen album is popularly known to be composed: the amelodic, magical croak of Cohens own finely aged voice; the hyper-melodic shine of his singers, who have become as integral to Cohens project as he himself; a loose, blurring approach to genre and tone."
Filter,80,"Those who dismiss his vocals as monotone are missing out on the soulful power he brings to Did I Ever Love You or the sly humor he ladles on Slow."
Los Angeles Times,80,"This time Cohen tackles some big subjects more abstractly. Its also one of his most musically rich and varied works."
AllMusic,80,"Nothing here feels laboured: he can deliver songs as beautifully wrought as Samson in New Orleans--a depiction of the aftermath of hurricane Katrina--with a gorgeous understatement that only magnifies its impact."
Rolling Stone,76,"Like all of Cohen's albums, Popular Problems sounds slick but slightly off-kilter, like someone trying to imitate music they've read about but never actually heard."
Under The Radar,75,"Popular Problems flashes the exact same brilliance and suffers the exact same setbacks[as his last album]--namely that Cohens vocals continue their dark, leathery tumble into the lowest registers and that the production can be too syrupy, respectively."
Q Magazine,70,"Popular Problems is an album that listeners will return to, not just for the poetic depth weve come to expect from Mr. Cohen, but also for the sonic variety and virtuosity of his accompanists."
Mojo,70,"Altogether, Popular Problems is another very good record from someone who many thought might not have such a thing in him, a concise collection of nine tracks curated by a man who has rediscovered his musical spark."
musicOMH.com,70,"Theres no lesson, no punch line, just the unflinching gaze of someone whos already seen too much."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),60,"The backup vocals that seem de rigueur on all Cohen albums are often unnecessary here and at their worst distracting when sung overtop the main attraction."

The Observer (UK),80,"More than once on Allergic to Water, she finds the razor-thin overlap between seemingly incompatible ideas, and claims a position thats not just clearly stated but tenable."
Spin,80,"Her vocals throughout the album sound relaxed and carefree, with wordless bridges that convey a giddy exuberance beyond the power of any lyric to convey. [No. 115, p.55]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"In a catalog that contains over 20 studio albums, Allergic to Water is exemplary for its craft."
Austin Chronicle,60,"The thing is, despite the strength of the band (which also includes bassist Todd Sickafoose and guest Ivan Neville), much of the 12-song album feels like filler."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"Harder Than It Needs to Be finds DiFranco hitting her stride, as it optimizes her knack for blending different musical genresin this case, jazz with country and bluesand for delivering wisdom through clear, no-bullshit vocal inflections. If Allergic to Water had drawn upon these strengths more consistently, the album might have yielded a more delicately handled, astutely observed meditation on social and cultural issues that demand just as much attention now as ever."
musicOMH.com,80,"Trouble is a typically tender, casually contemplative, occasionally tearful goodbye. [Nov 2014, p.72]"
Boston Globe,80,"All That We Have Is Now sets the tone for a casually stately blend of happy-go-lucky tracks that build to the Little Feat-ish Never Forget to Boogie and the mock-bravado of Dont Be Shy."
PopMatters,80,"Winchester wont be recording any more music, but he has left us with plenty of classics and undiscovered gems with this final one a wonderful example of his humble yet impressive gifts."
Q Magazine,75,"His songs have been revered and recorded by scores of A-list rock, folk, country and pop acts, but rarely have his own versions ever been surpassed."
Mojo,70,"It's mindful of the past but stands happily in the present, and this release doesn't mourn the loss of a gifted songwriter and vocalist so much as it celebrates the joy he found in his music, and this album will bring a smile to anyone who loved Jesse Winchester's music."
AllMusic,70,"This is another worthy addition to a wonderful discography from a genuine roots music hero."


The Telegraph (UK),83,"Its Cat Stevens singing rhythm and blues, with a combination of originals and covers that showcase attractive playing (legendary guitarist Richard Thompson helps here) and production (cue Rick Rubin). Best of all, his voice remains intact, providing a familiar and favorable sound."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"The singer-songwriter co-produces with Rick Rubin accentuating immediacy and intimacy. The originals, especially a poppy, introspective Cat & the Dog Trap and trenchant Gold Digger, are among his finest since resurfacing in 2006."
The Guardian,75,"His well-documented spiritual quest, prime fodder for his songs even when he was pop-star Cat Stevens, remains his primary subject, but there is a toughness here that we're not used to hearing from the reflective singer-songwriter."
Pitchfork,70,"While we can probably do without his appropriation of You Are My Sunshine, the covers of Edgar Winter's Dying To Live and Tell 'Em I'm Gone are both moving and powerful.  [Dec 2014, p.104]"
New Musical Express (NME),70,"It's all very polite and reserved. [Jan 2015, p.79]"
Uncut,70,"These new songs should mesh gracefully with the classic music that rightfully made Cat Stevens a household name in the 70s."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),60,"This is no modest return, either. Its produced by Rick Rubin, rocks very own St Jude, and features Richard Thompson, Charlie Musselwhite, Bonnie Prince Billy and Tinariwen, so it all sounds rather lovely despite the variety of styles."
The Observer (UK),60,"A tentative return at best. [Dec 2014, p.89]"
Record Collector,60,"With Rick Rubin co-producing, there's a bluesy toughness to the anti-capitalist jeremiads 'Big Boss Man' and 'Gold Digger,' while 'Cat & the Dog Trap' recalls the simple folky prettiness and direct, easeful messages that made him a Seventies icon."
Uncut,60,"The likes of Gold Digger and I Was Raised in Babylon suggesting that, almost half a century into his career, theres plenty of life in Yusuf yet."
musicOMH.com,60,"It can be a little underwhelming but it is music with its heart in the right place."
The Quietus,60,"Tell 'Em I'm Gone confirms that Yusuf still has the talent and passion that made him a star as Cat Stevens, but the efforts to find a new sound for him don't quite work, and Rubin doesn't quite catch the light but emphatic touch of Yusuf's salad days; maybe a full reunion with Paul Samwell-Smith would be worthwhile for Yusuf's next album."
New Musical Express (NME),58,"The production and playing are beautiful throughout the album, and Yusufs voice remains remarkably preserved, still able to instantly spring from gentle introspection to emphatic eruptions. The record as a whole does suffer, though, from certain cover choices."

Mojo,93,"For the ruminating about the world and wanderlust, lullabys potency comes from affairs of the heart, love lost and sought, and the jagged loneliness of failing to stay bonded."
Q Magazine,90,"This stunning entry into his already impressive catalog shows he refuses to rest on his laurels."
No Ripcord,90,"He's building upon the past, both his own and the larger traditions of his homeland, both spiritual and actual, and that gives lullaby and... The Ceaseless Roar a bewitching depth. It's an album to get lost in."
Uncut,90,"These outstanding songs, imaginatively and intuitively balanced by clever production, cohere to form a serious work reflecting on landscape, memory, regret and the pull of our roots. It more than earns its somewhat portentous title."
Record Collector,90,"Beyond the clever production and judicious musical blend is a sensibility and a voice and songs that find Plant still on his quest, still grappling with the intricacies of love, still seduced by distant, misty mountains. His Uniqueness has never been more apparent. [Oct 2014, p.61]"
Clash Music,85,"This is a riveting, first-rate record from a man who has made quite a few of them."
The Guardian,83,"Its multitude of borrowings from other genres meld elegantly to frame Plant's inimitably keening vocals. [12 Sep 2014, p.62]"
The Independent (UK),80,"It's one in which Plant makes precious few concessions to what's expected of him, and it's all the richer for it. [Sep 2014, p.92]"
Mojo,80,"Its an ethereal, atmospheric set, though the busyness of the band has the occasional tendency to swamp the songs, the singers emotive power at its most affecting on the stripped-bare stately piano ballad A Stolen Kiss."
The Guardian,80,"Lullaby and... The Ceaseless Roar is the all-encapsulating masterpiece we all knew Robert Plant the solo artist had in him the entire time."
Uncut,80,"With Lullaby his tricky metamorphosis from Golden God to dignified elder statesman is now complete, and the last stages of that transition make for a rewarding, often touching listen. [Oct 2014, p.84]"
The Observer (UK),80,"Plant has glossed all of this as trance meets Zep, but its more: a kaleidoscope that shows he still has much to say."
Mojo,80,"A searing, soul-searching jewel."
Blurt Magazine,80,"A stunning achievement. [Sep/Oct 2014, p.81]"
Magnet,80,"It all feels striking coming from an artist whose legend is based on a certain bombast. The songs' impact is aided by his hugely impressive backing band, the Sensational Space Shifters."
American Songwriter,80,"A beautifully moving, soul-stirring, bravely genre-blurring album. [Oct 2014, p.111]"
AllMusic,75,"After a long life full of wild experiences and devotion to music, it should be no surprise that Plant has produced another album full of clarity and vitality."
PopMatters,75,"The band's debut studio album is more Lullaby than ceaseless roar. As such, it leaves more room for Plant to explore the next time he gets together with this formidable crew."
Magnet,70,"Its a bit front-loaded, and not every track will floor you, but its definitely the most summative album of Robert Plants career."
Mojo,70,"If not all of Lullabys fusion experiments succeed, theres enough inspired alchemy here to earn Plant the right to bring it on home."
Mixmag,70,"All together, lullaby and...The Ceaseless Roar seems like the sound of someone musically satisfied, but not in a safe, comfortable way."
The Line of Best Fit,60,"On Lullaby, the vocalist and songwriter certainly makes good on that declaration, his refreshing lack of desperation taking shape in a melting pot of Americana, new age and electronic music."
Uncut,60,"It lacks the focused grace of his country experiments, but this much is true: It's Plant's hardest-rocking set in a decade."
AllMusic,60,"It's hard to tell whether this is Plant teasing, or connecting threads, or both. Whatever the truth, his bloody-minded refusal to countenance that Zeppelin reunion continues to yield beguiling new directions."

The Guardian,100,"You couldn't wish for a more fitting musical soundtrack to the rest of your 2014. [Nov 2014, p.96]"
DIY Magazine,90,"The eight songs are all beautifully crafted, integrating elements of folk, blues and country/rock.... A new American classic. [No. 115, p.55]"
New Musical Express (NME),85,"Knowing Gunns exotic inspirations, Way Out Weather is certainly only a snapshot of where his talents could lead him. Whatever you take away from it, its most certainly a step in the right direction."
Drowned In Sound,85,"Way Out Weather mixes various musical styles--folk, classic rock, psychedelia, space rock, dub hues, West African grooves, open-tuned raga drones--to arrive at a genre-defying, expansive sound that's simultaneously tight and totally, winningly loose, sparsely uncluttered yet richly textured in a way that rewards repeated spins."
musicOMH.com,80,"Steve Gunn continues his drift from the avant-garde world into popular music with another folk-tinged, guitar-worshiping set of tunes here, blending the long and varied history of hypnotic guitar into a perfectly pensive collection."
The Independent (UK),80,"This is the most elaborately arranged thing Gunn has ever done, jammed full of understated yet excellent guitar. [Oct 2014, p.54]"
Q Magazine,80,"Way Out Weather is a sonically dense record--Gunns de facto opus by breadth and scope--but lyrically it is impersonal, preoccupied by small pleasures and moments of private reflection that, while individually beautiful and poetic, do not suggest a self-aware attempt at making a masterpiece."
American Songwriter,80,"The melodies seemed soaked in a timeless well of American music: the album feels both new and familiar at the same time, every song a clever layering of Gunns guitars--acoustic, electric, steel, and assorted effects pedals, but all separated clearly, so theres no hint of sonic mush. Gunns voice is perfect, too."
Austin Chronicle,80,"His ability to arrange is masterful and, on Way Out Weather, he establishes this sort of psychedelic roots sound that exists outside of about any recognizable genre or even sub-genre."
Q Magazine,80,"His latest, Way Out Weather, is the fully formed pinnacle of his career."
Mojo,80,"His musical language has evolved into a sound that is not only ambitious, but instantly recognizable."
Uncut,80,"It's fortunate that the warmly accessible Way Out Weather, which showcases his melodious, improvising guitar, exists in less esoteric numbers [than his limited released vinyl albums]. [Nov 2014, p.112]"
Blurt Magazine,80,"He sings plenty, with engaging huskiness, while leading his band down ever more inventive tangents. [Nov 2014, p.76]"
Boston Globe,80,"As a songwriter, singer, guitarist and bandleader, hes self-assured, masterful and working from his own plain."
AllMusic,70,"He's often thought of more as an instrumental virtuoso than a singer-songwriter, but here he excels at both."
The Guardian,70,"Way Out Weather's lines and contours are beautifully rendered. But there are times when Gunn's songs don't benefit from the extra exposure, when one misses Time Off's murkier, more forgiving production."

Los Angeles Times,80,"An album of unexpected depth and originality. [Oct 2014, p.68]"
PopMatters,80,"Naomi Bedfords intriguing background in folk and rock, and political activism come together on this varied set of songs about freedom, dissent and strife, which show off her compelling, no-nonsense vocals and ambitious range."
Mojo,80,"An even grittier, country-driven powerhouse collection loosely built around themes of female rebellion. [Dec 2014, p.94]"
The Guardian,60,"There is plenty of passion in songs about Tennessee striking miners in the Thirties, or about the English Civil War."

Uncut,90,"The entirety of Heartleap is wispy, spare, understated, and moving in its insight and honesty."
The Telegraph (UK),85,"Heartleap works superbly as a collection of songs, and can only serve to extend and preserve her legacy."
AllMusic,85,"As the concluding part of that elongated trilogy, Heartleap is the most magnificent and worthy of valedictions."
American Songwriter,80,"It's a firm and deliberate withdrawal from the spotlight but one tinged with sharp self-awareness and the humane intelligence that governs all of Bunyan's work. [Sep 2014, p.52]"
Q Magazine,80,"A dreamy, immersive mood piece that is as personal as it is instantly accessible. [Nov 2014, p.93]"
Blurt Magazine,80,"Another profoundly pastoral and ethereal folk record. [No. 114, p.53]"
Slant Magazine,80,"There's something very satisfying about listening to a woman whose career has been marked by deeply ambivalent encounters with the machinery of the music industry--who was briefly being touted as the next Marianne Faithful under Loog Oldham, and whose work was later forced into a folk mould on Diamond Day--finally seize the means of music production and create an album on her own terms."
Record Collector,80,"A delicate, quietly ruminative collection of songs that she herself arranged and recorded on computer. It sounds, one supposes, exactly as Bunyan intended."
The Guardian,80,"Heartleap is a treasure to withhold, and though it's proclaimed as a departure, it feels both complete and satisfyingly open-ended."
Uncut,80,"Heartleap benefits from some subtle, unexpected instrumentation, including kalimba and vibraphone butalthough it does include contributions from her touring band (including the great guitarist Gareth Dickson), it still feels personal to the point of being solitary."
musicOMH.com,80,"Her third album is as intimate as music can be. [Nov 2014, p.108]"
Mojo,80,"This is the distilled, finely crafted essence of Bunyan: a hushed, reflective meditation of an album that seems to have the welcome effect of cancelling out the world around the listener."
Q Magazine,80,"If Heartleap does indeed prove to be the final destination of Bunyan's old horse and cart, it's entirely worthy one. [Nov 2014, p.79]"
New Musical Express (NME),78,"Her work is a testament to the power of even the quietest music to help us feel things deeply, an experience that lasts for a few minutes that we can return to for a lifetime."
DIY Magazine,70,"If you can cope with the extreme twee, Heartleap is a diamond."
AllMusic,70,"Bunyan has curated a lush musical mobile of soundscapes."
Record Collector,60,"She is capable of writing strong melodies, but the mood here rarely strays far from the pleasantly soporific."
The Independent (UK),80,"Ben Glover makes his fifth album a bringing-it-all-back-home beauty. [Oct 2014, p.73]"
The Telegraph (UK),80,"It's the heartfelt lyrics, however, that will keep you coming back to this album time and time again. [Oct 2014, p.92]"
Pretty Much Amazing,80,"There is a maturity and conviction to this album that makes it a step up."
The A.V. Club,70,"The middle section of Atlantic really delivers."


No Ripcord,80,"The Montral-based Spx, on one of the year's notable albums, sings more like she's accustomed to darkness than that she's necessarily resigned to her fate."
CMJ,80,"The grace is still there, but something far more engrossing has now been added to the mix."
PopMatters,80,"With its smorgasbord of texture and tones, Neuroplasticity is a real contender for Canadian Album of the Year, and no one will be surprised if the Polaris shortlist calls Cold Specks name yet again."
American Songwriter,80,"On Neuroplasticity, her ear-popping sophomore long-player, she takes the 'doom soul' architecture to an exciting new level, pumping it full of nervy post-rock and no wave, resulting in something that sounds akin to Santigold, St. Vincent, TV on the Radio, Laura Mvula, and Macy Gray at their most despondent."
Slant Magazine,80,"Every note of this compelling album backs her up. [Sep 2014, p.72]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Cold Speckss anticipated follow-up to her excellent gospel-indebted folk-soul debut, I Predict A Graceful Expulsion, is a much louder, much more rock n roll, much more experimental experience; fuzz and feedback and unexpected elements (like synths on Let Loose The Dogs) constantly make things more interesting."
DIY Magazine,80,"Everywhere the listener turns on this album there is something else to be found, another subtle motif, another dab or colour. When combined with the inescapably affecting vocal and accomplished songwriting style of Spx, this creates a record that manages to reveal its treasures over multiple listens without ever sacrificing immediate appeal."
musicOMH.com,74,"The takeaway here is that, two albums in, Cold Specks have the graceful part down pat--but theres room for more expulsion."
The Fly (UK),70,"Her follow-up simultaneously lets the listener into her world and bolsters her anonymity."
Uncut,70,"Her voice is as mesmeric and worldly as ever, and the instrumentation is rendered in beautiful detail. But its tantalising to wonder what would have happened if she would have given herself completely to chaos."
Clash Music,70,"Neuroplasticity is a full-on rock record, though, as much as it's just a transition for Spx into something that takes a variety of musical turns."
Paste Magazine,60,"Spx could do with some melodies as memorable as the music-making behind them."
The Line of Best Fit,60,"Only a dearth of melodic variations disappoints. [Sep 2014, p.93]"
Pitchfork,58,"Neuroplasticity, at times, makes Spx sound out of place on her own record."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),40,"As an album its guilty of being simply too cold and distancing to be able to connect to."
Filter,40,"Despite a greater focus on musicality, tunes remain hard to come by and Neuroplasticity (named for the brain's ability to form new pathways) remains a victory of mood over songcraft, which is to say, not all that much of a triumph."
Spin,100,"Gospel choirs hum and swell tenderly beneath the rougher edges of his riffs. They add mature, universal gravitas and often a holy ecstacy to an intense, youthful lyrical tangling of religion and romantic obsession that regularly finds him poised 'between love and abuse'."
Boston Globe,91,"He's more than capable of drifting smoothly between bluesy soul, juke-joint R&B, and drinking-song folk on his hearty debut. [6 Oct 2014, p.62]"
The Observer (UK),90,"The understated maturity of the 24-year-old Hozier on his debut album is a beacon for young writers learning to craft significant compositions."
Consequence of Sound,80,"This is a brave, weighty and heartfelt debut from a hefty new songwriter. Hozier has arrived."
Exclaim,80,"The more steeped Hozier gets in Southern influence the better: slow, hymnal Work Song disguises a love ballad as a spiritual to blissful effect, a perfect showcase for his rich, resonant alto."
The Guardian,80,"Hozier is an authentic portrait of an artist--soulful, spiritual and seductive  and is a deeply impressive first step."
Mojo,75,"Hozier is far more nuanced than these inspirations imply, mainly because of its skillful, smart exploration of dualities."
Q Magazine,70,"His YouTube hit 'Take Me to Church' won him a wave of insta-hype, and his debut LP earns it."
Los Angeles Times,70,"In spite of its extra padding and occasional foibles, it's a strong debut and Hozier is far more commanding and convincing than so many other blues-inspired young turks lurking conspicuously in the alleyways of indiedom."
Under The Radar,60,"It's by no means a classic but there's enough personality to suggest Hozier will be with us for the long haul. [Oct 2014, p.110]"


Sputnikmusic,90,"Swimmin Time showcases the best of both old and new music, the idealized past and the disgusting, bloody, senseless present. Lyrics to make the soul shake loose from out of your chest meet harmonies that will convert new audiences through pure emotive conviction."
Magnet,90,"Swimmin' Time is every bit as good as its predecessor. Indeed, it offers several songs that leave much of what they've previously recorded in the dust."
Rolling Stone,82,"Even though the ballads on Swimmin Time tend to float downstream, overall, Shovels & Ropes sophomore LP manages to capture the duos raucous spirit and live intensity."
AllMusic,80,"Tough, visceral stuff."
Drowned In Sound,80,"They have yet to capture the spontaneity of their live performances on record (leave that to recent doc The Ballad Of Shovels And Rope), but their sophomore effort certainly gets closer, even as it shows off the duos newfound musical breadth."
Paste Magazine,80,"Shovels & Rope displays a firm grip on its craft on Swimmin Time, and a willingness to use it in service of any stylistic boulevard it chooses to walk."
Mojo,70,"The signature combination of upbeat music and somewhat gruesome lyrical themes works so well for Shovels & Rope that a few leaks spring when they commit themselves to a dive to the depths. [Oct 2014, p.75]"
No Ripcord,70,"You've almost certainly heard other acts do what Shovels & Rope do on Swimmin' Time plenty of times; the difference is, this duo can do it better than most, and that's enough to keep them going until they're capable of developing a more unique personality to call their own."
The Quietus,60,"Any faults just add to Swimmin' Time instead of diminishing the sincerity of this full, flavorful record."
Blurt Magazine,60,"Imagine a hillbilly White Stripes and you're almost there. [Oct 2014, p.119]"
Q Magazine,58,"The darker tone on Swimmin Time shows theyre able to change things up, but they may be too afraid of losing their momentum to really be daring."
musicOMH.com,100,"Theres an uncommon depth here that hasnt been evidenced on Williams records in ages, both in the sonics (an immaculately crafted blend of intimate and widescreen) and the lyrics, which at times are deeply confessional and others downright defiant as the songwriter stares down her demons, the vicissitudes of relationships and the rampant idiocy of the outside world."
AllMusic,100,"All told, its a magnificent, career-defining set, full of hard-won wisdom, assertive independence--and compassion in abundance."
The Guardian,90,"It feels like the deepest and most soulful album she has made."
Pitchfork,88,"[The cover of J.J. Cale's 'Magnolia' is] a beautiful grace note that rewards those who stay for the long haul."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"The result is one of her most wide-ranging and satisfying collections. [Nov 2014, p.93]"
Consequence of Sound,80,"She continues to prove herself anyway, again and again: here throughout twenty songs, and throughout thirty-five years and beyond."
PopMatters,80,"It's a truism that embedded in most double albums is an even better single one, but that doesn't apply here. [No. 114, p.58]"
DIY Magazine,80,"This all-original 20-tracker works even better as an intimate, end-to-end, night-drive companion than a snack tray despite Williams's often grueling vocal intensity. [Nov 2014, p.119]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"What makes it so compelling is a classic rock Americana set up deftly interweaving lazy twin guitars and splashes of Hammond organ over steady rolling chord progressions that gather power with each repetition."
American Songwriter,80,"Shes pithy and penetrating, bruised but steadfast, proud of the grain and drawl of her voice."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),80,"Williams adapted the song from a poem by her father, Miller Williams, and it gives Down Where the Spirit Meets the Bone its emotional compass if not its melodic direction. The rest of this double album, Williamss first, settles into a deep groove that suggests the singer-songwriter was fired up and couldnt--and shouldnt--whittle her latest to a standard 10 songs."
The A.V. Club,80,"This music is taut and soulful, but also a document of one woman baring her spirit and mind to the world, which has always been the case with her best music, and if this isn't a masterpiece, it's as pure, straightforward, and compelling as anything she's done since Essence."
Q Magazine,80,"The overall mixture of anger and longing, fierceness and calm, is breathtaking. [Nov 2014, p.68]"
Mojo,80,"Williams has assembled many guest musicians this time around, but despite all the disparate talent, the album is a tight, coherent work that never devolves into self-indulgent jamming, even at an epic 103 minutes."
Uncut,70,"Throughout, Williams walks the line between tough and tender, just as she cleverly negotiates the path dividing heartland American music and the alternative, counter cultural variety. [Dec 2014, p.106]"
PopMatters,70,"This album stands with Williams strongest work and represents that rare thing in American popular music and its culture of celebrity."
AllMusic,70,"She's tough and confrontational, and on her 11th studio album, Down Where The Spirit Meets the Bone, that toughness initially comes across as even more deeply entrenched. It takes a little while to discover the tenderness that goes along with it."
The Independent (UK),67,"Lack of focus falters the whole, but Down Where the Spirit Meets the Bone triumphs in Lucinda Williams becoming gloriously unbound."
Magnet,60,"Vocally, Williams experiments more than ever before, almost to the point of jazzy improvisation; she drawls, mutters and often leaves phrases hanging in the air, at times reminiscent of Mary Margaret OHara. Its a welcome development and helps to make the album feel like her most accomplished in many years."


Mojo,80,"Producer Joe Henry's tribute to that album, 1964's Bitter Tears, reimagines it beautifully. [Nov 2014, p.83]"
Uncut,80,"The issues raised on Bitter Tears are still relevant, and Look Again to the Wind reminds us that art can still speak eloquently about the best and worst parts of the human condition, and it's well worth investigating."
Pitchfork,80,"Half a century later, Look Again to the Wind serves as a stirring homage to an album that remains as daring and defiant now as it was when it was first offered to an indifferent populace."
AllMusic,80,"For its 50th anniversary, producer Joe Henry gathers a stellar house band that takes turns to lead.... Very fine."
PopMatters,65,"Despite faithfulness to the originals, this is unsurprisingly polished compared to the source material. [No. 112, p.61]"
Blurt Magazine,40,"Sadly this well-meaning rewroking doesn't [hold up]. [Nov 2014, p.93]"
The Telegraph (UK),90,"The treatments are smartly contemporary, balancing Amidon's clawhammer banjo with Frisell's echoing electric guitar, backed by jazz-inflected bass and drums. [No. 114, p.53]"
Blurt Magazine,90,"Its heartfelt and sincere without pandering to any audience."
PopMatters,84,"Culling lyrics from the public domain and recording with few overdubs or added takes, Amidon and a group of trusted players perform Lily-O with an immense, artistic daring."
musicOMH.com,80,"It's easily one of the most beautiful, subdued folk records of the year."
AllMusic,80,"He just hides his eccentricities a little better this time. You have to look for them, but theyre there."
Paste Magazine,80,"Many of the inventive musical excursions were improvised live in the studio. [Nov 2014, p.95]"
Magnet,80,"Technology's presence just goes to show how untamable Amidon's unself-conscious, creaky-rope voice is. [Nov 2014, p.71]"
Q Magazine,80,"Somehow at once entertaining, comforting, and challenging, Lily-O sees Amidon again pushing his distinctive perspectives through songs that belong to everybody."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"Sam Amidons new set of reimagined folk songs is a compellingly quiet, intense affair that is remarkable both for the power of his understated, no-nonsense and often mournful vocals, and for the subtle arrangements that bring an urgency to his mostly traditional American songs and hymns."
The Observer (UK),70,"The adventure sees Amidon and band record fully live, in a successful attempt at playing in an intimate, real setting, without either artifice of overdubs."
Exclaim,70,"Mr. Amidons singing is unforced but sturdy, and possibly playing with your notions of guilelessness."
American Songwriter,70,"He trusts in the strength of his lived-in arrangements and, on another album of beautifully detailed folk songs, hes absolutely right to do so."
Rolling Stone,59,"There is nothing on Lily-O to break the spell these musicians have too carefully cast. In other words, there is nothing to get Amidon out of his own head or out of our collective past."


Uncut,90,"If (oh dear) you haven't got a Richard Thompson album in your collection, then this is a great way to get to know a truly inspired songwriter. But even if you know his work inside out, then you will still find much to enjoy listening to a master re-touch some of his best works."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Ultimately, this is a record full of brilliant Richard Thompson songs given strong readings."
AllMusic,80,"Pared back or not, The strength of these songs means Thompson can always stand alone. [Sep 2014, p.115]"
Uncut,80,"A must for fans, but a little bit of between-song banter and audience reaction wouldnt have gone amiss."
DIY Magazine,80,"A bravura performance."
Consequence of Sound,70,"The results are pretty rewarding overall, even if the strictly unadorned arrangements might have occasionally benefitted from some counterbalancing extra instrumental layers."
musicOMH.com,70,"Acoustic Classics plays like an hour-long live performance stripped of crowd noise, giving it an intimate immediacy that draws in the listener and makes them feel as though this were a command performance for one."
The Line of Best Fit,70,"Acoustic Classics is a useful update on 1984's live Small Town Romance, with Thompson this time attacking his back catalogue in the studio. [Sep 2014, p.78]"
Q Magazine,70,"Established fans will appreciate the trip back in time and perhaps acquire new respect for the more obscure tracks such as Persuasion. But those new to Richard Thompson are just as likely to relish these terrific songs played and sung by a master still at the top of his game and wise enough to realize he actually can improve on the originals."
PopMatters,60,"They are scarcely comparable to the original band versions with electric guitar blazing and in some cases Linda Thompson singing; but there's a certain magic in hearing these classics in such intimate form. [Sep 2014, p.88]"

Mojo,100,"Cohens triumphant return to the live arena is reflected in the growling assuredness of his vocals. An absolute treat."
Magnet,100,"Popular Problems--note the drolly contradictory title--finds his agreeable baritone growl applied as usual to romantic disappointment and political venality with vivid, jolting metaphors (I see the ghost of culture, with numbers on his wrist) cutting to the quick."
AllMusic,95,"Popular Problems is a fine addition to that legacy. At 80 years old, Leonard Cohen is just beginning to hit his stride."
Mojo,90,"The music, co-created with producer Patrick Leonard, is sparse but energetically diverse, with dips into Memphis soul, country, cabaret and jazzy funk. [No. 115, p.58]"
The Line of Best Fit,90,"The great just gets greater."
Pitchfork,90,"Popular Problems reveals that at 80, Cohen not only has plenty left, but is on top of his game."
CMJ,90,"There is more raw drama here, a prevailing starkness. [Nov 2014, p.65]"
DIY Magazine,90,"It's surprising, deeply moving and occasionally stunning."
Under The Radar,83,"As usual, the freshest-sounding songs are those that tread the farthest from Cohens gypsy-folk roots, but here thats most of them, save the plodding thud of Samson In New Orleans and the lilting, acoustic You Got Me Singing."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),80,"The result is an autumnal masterpiece to rank alongside anything by Bob Dylan or Johnny Cash. [Nov 2014, p.92]"
Pretty Much Amazing,80,"Leonard's half-spoken, slow, dark blues growl is powerful. [Nov 2014, p.86]"
Uncut,80,"His voice remains charming, devilish-yet-wise, and his delivery as beguiling as ever. [Nov 2014, p.109]"
Consequence of Sound,80,"The results are extremely life-affirming."
PopMatters,80,"This album feels perfectly formed as it is though."
musicOMH.com,80,"Mostly, Popular Problems presents Cohens wry, wracked recitations against almost ascetic backings overseen by Patrick Leonard, famed for his work with Madonna."
Q Magazine,80,"As intimate, beautiful and witty as ever, theres an impassioned life in Leonard that's missing from many artists a quarter of his age."
BBC Music,80,"Popular Problems, his 13th studio album, has everything of which a latter-day Cohen album is popularly known to be composed: the amelodic, magical croak of Cohens own finely aged voice; the hyper-melodic shine of his singers, who have become as integral to Cohens project as he himself; a loose, blurring approach to genre and tone."
The Guardian,80,"Those who dismiss his vocals as monotone are missing out on the soulful power he brings to Did I Ever Love You or the sly humor he ladles on Slow."
The Independent (UK),80,"This time Cohen tackles some big subjects more abstractly. Its also one of his most musically rich and varied works."
musicOMH.com,80,"Nothing here feels laboured: he can deliver songs as beautifully wrought as Samson in New Orleans--a depiction of the aftermath of hurricane Katrina--with a gorgeous understatement that only magnifies its impact."
Q Magazine,76,"Like all of Cohen's albums, Popular Problems sounds slick but slightly off-kilter, like someone trying to imitate music they've read about but never actually heard."
Uncut,75,"Popular Problems flashes the exact same brilliance and suffers the exact same setbacks[as his last album]--namely that Cohens vocals continue their dark, leathery tumble into the lowest registers and that the production can be too syrupy, respectively."
Mojo,70,"Popular Problems is an album that listeners will return to, not just for the poetic depth weve come to expect from Mr. Cohen, but also for the sonic variety and virtuosity of his accompanists."
Uncut,70,"Altogether, Popular Problems is another very good record from someone who many thought might not have such a thing in him, a concise collection of nine tracks curated by a man who has rediscovered his musical spark."
The Independent (UK),70,"Theres no lesson, no punch line, just the unflinching gaze of someone whos already seen too much."
Paste Magazine,60,"The backup vocals that seem de rigueur on all Cohen albums are often unnecessary here and at their worst distracting when sung overtop the main attraction."

DIY Magazine,90,"One of the best Americana records of the year."
Classic Rock Magazine,88,"Eschewing Smithsonian properness, Remedy channels youth in all its freewheeling glory."
musicOMH.com,85,"As long as they keep crafting albums as fresh, loose and fun as Remedy, chances are theyll keep this truck roaring for another two decades."
New Musical Express (NME),83,"Old Crow is having fun and playing songs without a thought toward self-importance, and these days, that might be the punkest thing a band can do."
American Songwriter,80,"Like Old Crown's best stuff, it evokes a time our of mind. [Sep 2014, p.112]"
Mojo,80,"The good news is that there's a new burst of energy on the rave-ups. [No. 111, p.59]"
Uncut,80,"Their catalog is crammed with albums that replicate the unbridled joy and communion of their live shows. Remedy is the newest one to do that."
AllMusic,80,"Original and impressive."
Rolling Stone,80,"If these last two [fire and freshness] are tough to keep up 15 years on, it doesn't show. [Aug 2014, p.93]"
The Telegraph (UK),80,"All of it frothed up into an accomplished brew and delivered with good-timey vim but without a whole lot of charisma, especially in the vocal department. Snake oil, in other words. Good fun snake oil."
PopMatters,80,"Ambitious in its reach, Remedy keeps close to the ground in in its inspiration and execution."
Filter,70,"If they're sometimes guilty of overdoing the chirpiness, their songwriting crafty is best served on the more subdued 'Dearly Departed Friend' and 'Sweet Amarillo.' [Sep 2014, p.75]"
Mojo,70,"By smoothing out the rough edges and sanitizing the content that got them to this point, Remedy is a noble stepping stone between Old Crow Medicine Shows past and future."
The Guardian,60,"On their eighth album, this roots-music party band still acts as if electricity was never invented."
Uncut,50,"Remedy is a mostly pleasant, forgettable dose of Americana."

American Songwriter,80,"Trouble is a typically tender, casually contemplative, occasionally tearful goodbye. [Nov 2014, p.72]"
Q Magazine,80,"All That We Have Is Now sets the tone for a casually stately blend of happy-go-lucky tracks that build to the Little Feat-ish Never Forget to Boogie and the mock-bravado of Dont Be Shy."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"Winchester wont be recording any more music, but he has left us with plenty of classics and undiscovered gems with this final one a wonderful example of his humble yet impressive gifts."
New Musical Express (NME),75,"His songs have been revered and recorded by scores of A-list rock, folk, country and pop acts, but rarely have his own versions ever been surpassed."
Mojo,70,"It's mindful of the past but stands happily in the present, and this release doesn't mourn the loss of a gifted songwriter and vocalist so much as it celebrates the joy he found in his music, and this album will bring a smile to anyone who loved Jesse Winchester's music."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"This is another worthy addition to a wonderful discography from a genuine roots music hero."

Record Collector,80,"There is a joyful exuberance to Revival, which has U2 and Coldplay arranger Rupert Christie at the helm."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"The results are generally spectacular. [Jul 2014, p.93]"
The Observer (UK),80,"There's something almost rave-friendly about their effervescence at times. [Aug 2014, p.102]"
The Guardian,80,"Revival ranks among their best work and is definitely their most contemporary effort in tone."
American Songwriter,80,"The formula remains the same, with traditional songs reworked with rousing big-band arrangements, and from furious opener Let Her Run to the rock-influenced Greenwood Side, they sound slicker and more confident than ever."
BBC Music,70,"A cherry if tad predictable offering. [Jul 2014, p.71]"
Austin Chronicle,60,"Subtlety is, of course, the first casualty in the stampede for the folk mosh pit, and singer Jon Boden sometimes strains too hard for drama, lapsing into hamminess on murder ballad Greenwood Side."

Magnet,93,"For the ruminating about the world and wanderlust, lullabys potency comes from affairs of the heart, love lost and sought, and the jagged loneliness of failing to stay bonded."
Consequence of Sound,90,"This stunning entry into his already impressive catalog shows he refuses to rest on his laurels."
PopMatters,90,"He's building upon the past, both his own and the larger traditions of his homeland, both spiritual and actual, and that gives lullaby and... The Ceaseless Roar a bewitching depth. It's an album to get lost in."
AllMusic,90,"These outstanding songs, imaginatively and intuitively balanced by clever production, cohere to form a serious work reflecting on landscape, memory, regret and the pull of our roots. It more than earns its somewhat portentous title."
Exclaim,90,"Beyond the clever production and judicious musical blend is a sensibility and a voice and songs that find Plant still on his quest, still grappling with the intricacies of love, still seduced by distant, misty mountains. His Uniqueness has never been more apparent. [Oct 2014, p.61]"
Drowned In Sound,85,"This is a riveting, first-rate record from a man who has made quite a few of them."
Dusted Magazine,83,"Its multitude of borrowings from other genres meld elegantly to frame Plant's inimitably keening vocals. [12 Sep 2014, p.62]"
musicOMH.com,80,"It's one in which Plant makes precious few concessions to what's expected of him, and it's all the richer for it. [Sep 2014, p.92]"
The A.V. Club,80,"Its an ethereal, atmospheric set, though the busyness of the band has the occasional tendency to swamp the songs, the singers emotive power at its most affecting on the stripped-bare stately piano ballad A Stolen Kiss."
Blurt Magazine,80,"Lullaby and... The Ceaseless Roar is the all-encapsulating masterpiece we all knew Robert Plant the solo artist had in him the entire time."
NOW Magazine,80,"With Lullaby his tricky metamorphosis from Golden God to dignified elder statesman is now complete, and the last stages of that transition make for a rewarding, often touching listen. [Oct 2014, p.84]"
The Independent (UK),80,"Plant has glossed all of this as trance meets Zep, but its more: a kaleidoscope that shows he still has much to say."
Q Magazine,80,"A searing, soul-searching jewel."
Uncut,80,"A stunning achievement. [Sep/Oct 2014, p.81]"
PopMatters,80,"It all feels striking coming from an artist whose legend is based on a certain bombast. The songs' impact is aided by his hugely impressive backing band, the Sensational Space Shifters."
musicOMH.com,80,"A beautifully moving, soul-stirring, bravely genre-blurring album. [Oct 2014, p.111]"
Uncut,75,"After a long life full of wild experiences and devotion to music, it should be no surprise that Plant has produced another album full of clarity and vitality."
Spin,75,"The band's debut studio album is more Lullaby than ceaseless roar. As such, it leaves more room for Plant to explore the next time he gets together with this formidable crew."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),70,"Its a bit front-loaded, and not every track will floor you, but its definitely the most summative album of Robert Plants career."
The Quietus,70,"If not all of Lullabys fusion experiments succeed, theres enough inspired alchemy here to earn Plant the right to bring it on home."
Q Magazine,70,"All together, lullaby and...The Ceaseless Roar seems like the sound of someone musically satisfied, but not in a safe, comfortable way."
Blurt Magazine,60,"On Lullaby, the vocalist and songwriter certainly makes good on that declaration, his refreshing lack of desperation taking shape in a melting pot of Americana, new age and electronic music."
The Line of Best Fit,60,"It lacks the focused grace of his country experiments, but this much is true: It's Plant's hardest-rocking set in a decade."
The Wire,60,"It's hard to tell whether this is Plant teasing, or connecting threads, or both. Whatever the truth, his bloody-minded refusal to countenance that Zeppelin reunion continues to yield beguiling new directions."

Mojo,80,"Its a cracked, smart and surprisingly powerful album, you just have to listen a bit closer than usual to hear what its trying to say."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"This is challenging Americana that never takes its audience, or its influences, for granted."
AllMusic,80,"A compelling record, in which the moments of sudden tenderness stand strongest. [Jul 2014, p.105]"
Pitchfork,75,"Favorite Waitress excels in its extremes--its hardest foot-stompers like Lion and its softest piano ballads like Silver in the Shadow; its that passion and focused emotion that made the band so beloved in the first place. Whats left in between, however, risks sounding too mainstream."
Magnet,75,"With Favorite Waitress, The Felice Brothers have elevated their songwriting without losing their rambunctious charm."
CMJ,70,"The songs lurch, sway, plunk and rock out; they turn cryptic or offer direct comfort, focusing the albums many allusions to economic inequality."
Consequence of Sound,70,"The record succeeds when the band give into the temptation of pleasing their crowd with ramshackle tracks that will work well in a live setting."
Dusted Magazine,70,"The overall effect is a band that's dug in their heels in the studio and is going to make the most of the way the individual voices bounce off one another, and if they're shooting for something less challenging on Favorite Waitress, the feel of the music clearly seems to suit them."
No Ripcord,70,"It's to The Felice Brothers' credit that Favorite Waitress never quite becomes oppressively earnest, though it's a near thing at a couple points. [Jul 2014, p.75]"
Exclaim,65,"Like many arch songwriters, the band tends to drop images and melodies from its favorite tunes into its work, phrases that add little sparks of frission to the Brothers' already strong melodic structure. [No. 110, p.54]"
Paste Magazine,60,"The FB's ragged, slip-sliding DNA is too irreverent to make them true inheritors of The Band's mantle, and that hasn't changed. Neither has the way they're one minute bursting with exuberance and the next resembling a burst tyre. [Jul 2014, p.93]"
Alternative Press,60,"The lively romp 'Lion'--which incidentally sounds great in concert--proves that the Felices translate best on record when they're being their boisterous, rootsy selves."
musicOMH.com,56,"Too often Favorite Waitress sounds too too clever to accommodate something as visceral as a groove."
PopMatters,50,"As great as the albums opening four songs might be, they hardly break new ground for the Felices."

The Line of Best Fit,80,"An album of alluring dignity and depth. [Jul 2014, p.93]"
AllMusic,80,"What unites them is the boldness of the material and their treatment of it. [Jun 2014, p.48]"
Filter,80,"There's antique gusto, politics, wintry picking from a master, some gothic touches from Britfolk's finest fiddler, and grand notes. [Jul 2014, p.71]"
Blurt Magazine,80,"This is a magnificent album, bridging the generation gap and reminding the listener just how vital and pertinent folk music can be."
Q Magazine,80,"The result is brave, and anything but predictable."
Magnet,80,"The way their voices swoop and bend together is a delight."
No Ripcord,60,"A cut high above your usual tankard-on-the-belt stuff. [Jul 2014, p.103]"

DIY Magazine,90,"rouble & Love is unlike any other 'heartbreak and healing' album; its hard-won, experiential, Buddhist-like wisdom borders on the profound."
Pretty Much Amazing,89,"Like 2010's The Foundling, this seventh studio LP draws marrow from Gauthier's bones, cauterizing the wounds of a relationship into one of the most devastating breakup albums of all time."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Her band is spare and empathetic, and she's a smart enough writer to avoid mawkishness and dramatics. Which just makes it grab you harder. [Aug 2014, p.93]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"Trouble & Love is perhaps her most thoughtprovoking set since 2005s Mercy Now, full of literate musings and believable characters."
The New York Times,80,"The eight songs, culled from a crop of 30 that came in the wake of a difficult breakup, become dirge-like if you put them on in the background. Shut out the distractions and bring them in close, and they become razor-sharp reflections of the long road out of purgatory."
Alternative Press,80,"She's a straight shooter, and Trouble & Love hits right to the heart."
AllMusic,70,"Gauthiers detailed, insightful lyrics and powerfully emotive delivery makes one want to hurt."
CMJ,70,"It's all gracefully wrought. [Jul 2014, p.73]"
Consequence of Sound,60,"With songs as downcast and despondent as False From True, Worthy and the title track, the steady ache doesnt abide all that quickly. That said, Trouble & Love does find some cause to break the stranglehold of sadness and despair."
American Songwriter,60,"Its a break-up album thats perhaps a touch too unremittingly bleak for the closing resolution of Another Train (Im moving on, through the past, through the pain, waiting on another train) to completely convince."
Blurt Magazine,80,"An album of unexpected depth and originality. [Oct 2014, p.68]"
PopMatters,80,"Naomi Bedfords intriguing background in folk and rock, and political activism come together on this varied set of songs about freedom, dissent and strife, which show off her compelling, no-nonsense vocals and ambitious range."
AllMusic,80,"An even grittier, country-driven powerhouse collection loosely built around themes of female rebellion. [Dec 2014, p.94]"
Exclaim,60,"There is plenty of passion in songs about Tennessee striking miners in the Thirties, or about the English Civil War."


AllMusic,80,"The result is a tender and engaging listen. [Aug 2014, p.93]"
Blurt Magazine,80,"Surely this is the comeback album of the year."
Magnet,70,"The 73-year-old [is] in fine voice. [Aug 2014, p.71]"
American Songwriter,70,"Take Me for a Walk in the Morning Dew is a triumphant comeback album, updating older tunes with a modernized production and new tunes showcasing Dobson's voice."
Consequence of Sound,60,"A nice comeback album."

AllMusic,80,"Ben Glover makes his fifth album a bringing-it-all-back-home beauty. [Oct 2014, p.73]"
Uncut,80,"It's the heartfelt lyrics, however, that will keep you coming back to this album time and time again. [Oct 2014, p.92]"
Q Magazine,80,"There is a maturity and conviction to this album that makes it a step up."
Mojo,70,"The middle section of Atlantic really delivers."

The Guardian,80,"It's a nifty record: a double-edged throwback, evoking the singer/songwriters of the '60s but sounding like a different part of that decade, which is why its retro-ism winds up as invigorating."
BBC Music,80,"Deftly delivered and heartfelt, a career high. [Jul 2014, p.95]"
The Independent (UK),70,"His fourth album is leaner and meaner than 2010's A Train Bound For Glory. [Jul 2014, p.77]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),60,"As ever there are reservations about Molinari's blase attitude to the second-hand song title, but it's still a solid, engaging set. [Jul 2014, p.111]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"The Montral-based Spx, on one of the year's notable albums, sings more like she's accustomed to darkness than that she's necessarily resigned to her fate."
PopMatters,80,"The grace is still there, but something far more engrossing has now been added to the mix."
Austin Chronicle,80,"With its smorgasbord of texture and tones, Neuroplasticity is a real contender for Canadian Album of the Year, and no one will be surprised if the Polaris shortlist calls Cold Specks name yet again."
Under The Radar,80,"On Neuroplasticity, her ear-popping sophomore long-player, she takes the 'doom soul' architecture to an exciting new level, pumping it full of nervy post-rock and no wave, resulting in something that sounds akin to Santigold, St. Vincent, TV on the Radio, Laura Mvula, and Macy Gray at their most despondent."
Record Collector,80,"Every note of this compelling album backs her up. [Sep 2014, p.72]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Cold Speckss anticipated follow-up to her excellent gospel-indebted folk-soul debut, I Predict A Graceful Expulsion, is a much louder, much more rock n roll, much more experimental experience; fuzz and feedback and unexpected elements (like synths on Let Loose The Dogs) constantly make things more interesting."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Everywhere the listener turns on this album there is something else to be found, another subtle motif, another dab or colour. When combined with the inescapably affecting vocal and accomplished songwriting style of Spx, this creates a record that manages to reveal its treasures over multiple listens without ever sacrificing immediate appeal."
Rolling Stone,74,"The takeaway here is that, two albums in, Cold Specks have the graceful part down pat--but theres room for more expulsion."
Boston Globe,70,"Her follow-up simultaneously lets the listener into her world and bolsters her anonymity."
The Wire,70,"Her voice is as mesmeric and worldly as ever, and the instrumentation is rendered in beautiful detail. But its tantalising to wonder what would have happened if she would have given herself completely to chaos."
AllMusic,70,"Neuroplasticity is a full-on rock record, though, as much as it's just a transition for Spx into something that takes a variety of musical turns."
Pitchfork,60,"Spx could do with some melodies as memorable as the music-making behind them."
BBC Music,60,"Only a dearth of melodic variations disappoints. [Sep 2014, p.93]"
Dusted Magazine,58,"Neuroplasticity, at times, makes Spx sound out of place on her own record."
PopMatters,40,"As an album its guilty of being simply too cold and distancing to be able to connect to."
Uncut,40,"Despite a greater focus on musicality, tunes remain hard to come by and Neuroplasticity (named for the brain's ability to form new pathways) remains a victory of mood over songcraft, which is to say, not all that much of a triumph."


Uncut,80,"This one is an expression of respect to people whose work shaped his, as well as grateful a shout-out to a few pals who havent passed yet."
Exclaim,80,"It's a curious artifact for sure, but it casts a unique spell. [Jul 2014, p.111]"
Chicago Tribune,80,"Its gloom is potent and pervasive, and, while you're mired in it, A Letter Home doesn't seem like a baffling act of wilful perversity. It makes perfect sense, as it presumably does to the man who recorded it."
Record Collector,80,"Without any studio trickery to distract from the songs, versions of Bert Jansch's Needle of Death and Gordon Lightfoot's If You Could Read My Mind sound particularly affecting."
NOW Magazine,75,"Accompanied by Jack White, at whose studio he recorded on the Voice-O-Graph, Young sings with a perspective and appreciation that his 68 years undoubtedly bring."
musicOMH.com,75,"As a whole, Young and White have managed to make an album thats absolutely useful with a recording process that is absolutely central to that use."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"A Letter Home illustrates that vagaries of sound quality can sometimes enhance the drama of a record, and rarely undermine the potency of a good song. [Jul 2014, p.68]"
The Independent (UK),70,"Once you've heard the undoctored edition of Bert Jansch's heartbreaking 'Needle of Death,' a harrowing tale of self-destruction by heroin predating Young's own 'The Needle and the Damage Done,' the noisier approach feels like needless gimmickry that diminishes, rather than enhances, one of his strongest sets in a long time."
The Guardian,70,"Some will find A Letter Home something of a gimmick and its hard to see it being anything other than a peripheral addition to his substantial catalogue."
Mojo,70,"Sure, there's artifice and humor here, but there's also heart, and this blend of emotions is what makes A Letter Home one of Neil Young's quintessential, endearingly odd records."
Blurt Magazine,70,"At its best, though, A Letter Home plays like a crackly field recording from a lost world."
BBC Music,63,"Is it essential? Not really. Get Young's 'Unplugged' instead. Still, underestimate this would-be throwaway record at your peril."
AllMusic,63,"For an album recorded primitively inside a Nashville box, there are some stunning performances on A Letter Home.... Occasionally, though, the recording quality distracts from the album's content."
American Songwriter,60,"At root, it's a heart-warming little curio. [Jul 2014, p.86]"
Austin Chronicle,60,"The result is a quirky and poignant little time capsule."
Paste Magazine,60,"One should not have to turn in anywhere from one-to-two-hours of wages to hear the old coot warble out Willie Nelsons On The Road Again, regardless of how novel the way by which he crafted it."
Classic Rock Magazine,60,"The songs are old, and the album sounds really old."
Consequence of Sound,60,"Its a scuffed-up, messy ode to purity. Its the kind of contradiction we might expect from artists like Neil Young and co-producer Jack White, though it still surprises."
PopMatters,60,"Youre not listening to songs so much as attempting to pull up the past as if it were an old pair of trousers, and then rope it into place with lengths of digital cable. It is both ridiculous and oddly moving."
Rolling Stone,60,"There is a one-take charm to the performances on A Letter Home, an album thats more of a tribute to Neil Youngs ever-loving idiosyncrasy than to any of the artists covered."
Under The Radar,60,"Its a flinty, raw and ravaged recording, like some audio equivalent of a message in a bottle long ago tossed into the sea. It may be hard to listen to but it lends the disc an arcane charm."
Magnet,58,"A Letter Home wont in future decades be listed alongside the best or the worst of those offerings, but it might find mention as one of his oddest fleeting experiments, alongside Everybodys Rockin, Trans, Greendale, Living with War, or lord knows what else is still to come."
The Observer (UK),50,"In general, the songs that began life as full band, large productions numbers undergo Youngs intimate reimagining far better than the already bare-boned tunes."
Q Magazine,40,"Theres nothing here as radical as Youngs brazen take on God Save The Queen, for his far more engaging 2012 covers set, Americana, and the performances are decidedly tossed-off, even by Youngs capture-the-moment standards."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),90,"Swimmin Time showcases the best of both old and new music, the idealized past and the disgusting, bloody, senseless present. Lyrics to make the soul shake loose from out of your chest meet harmonies that will convert new audiences through pure emotive conviction."
NOW Magazine,90,"Swimmin' Time is every bit as good as its predecessor. Indeed, it offers several songs that leave much of what they've previously recorded in the dust."
AllMusic,82,"Even though the ballads on Swimmin Time tend to float downstream, overall, Shovels & Ropes sophomore LP manages to capture the duos raucous spirit and live intensity."
Exclaim,80,"Tough, visceral stuff."
Austin Chronicle,80,"They have yet to capture the spontaneity of their live performances on record (leave that to recent doc The Ballad Of Shovels And Rope), but their sophomore effort certainly gets closer, even as it shows off the duos newfound musical breadth."
PopMatters,80,"Shovels & Rope displays a firm grip on its craft on Swimmin Time, and a willingness to use it in service of any stylistic boulevard it chooses to walk."
Blurt Magazine,70,"The signature combination of upbeat music and somewhat gruesome lyrical themes works so well for Shovels & Rope that a few leaks spring when they commit themselves to a dive to the depths. [Oct 2014, p.75]"
Pitchfork,70,"You've almost certainly heard other acts do what Shovels & Rope do on Swimmin' Time plenty of times; the difference is, this duo can do it better than most, and that's enough to keep them going until they're capable of developing a more unique personality to call their own."
PopMatters,60,"Any faults just add to Swimmin' Time instead of diminishing the sincerity of this full, flavorful record."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Imagine a hillbilly White Stripes and you're almost there. [Oct 2014, p.119]"
AllMusic,58,"The darker tone on Swimmin Time shows theyre able to change things up, but they may be too afraid of losing their momentum to really be daring."


The Line of Best Fit,80,"It's on the conceptual pair of tracks 45s (c.69) and 45s (c.14), where he contrasts two generations of hipsters hanging outside the same club 45 years apart, that his imagination really takes flight, though, giving an exciting glimpse of where tradition folk rock might go. [Jun 2014, p.108]"
Filter,80,"This time the compositions are still thoughtful and exploratory and, although a tendency to emphatic angst dulls on the over-earnest, producer Mark Hutchinson is fully attuned to Dunlop's musical resourcefulness. [Jun 2014, p.75]"
musicOMH.com,75,"This is a very tight set, sympathetically produced and moving towards the mainstream."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"The hefty production complements a moody selection of songs about bullying, Italian Soccer and1960s London. [Jul 2014, p.93]"
BBC Music,60,"More displays of his guitar skills would have been welcome, but this is an assured and entertaining set."
Pitchfork,80,"Producer Joe Henry's tribute to that album, 1964's Bitter Tears, reimagines it beautifully. [Nov 2014, p.83]"
Mojo,80,"The issues raised on Bitter Tears are still relevant, and Look Again to the Wind reminds us that art can still speak eloquently about the best and worst parts of the human condition, and it's well worth investigating."
DIY Magazine,80,"Half a century later, Look Again to the Wind serves as a stirring homage to an album that remains as daring and defiant now as it was when it was first offered to an indifferent populace."
Uncut,80,"For its 50th anniversary, producer Joe Henry gathers a stellar house band that takes turns to lead.... Very fine."
Q Magazine,65,"Despite faithfulness to the originals, this is unsurprisingly polished compared to the source material. [No. 112, p.61]"
The Telegraph (UK),40,"Sadly this well-meaning rewroking doesn't [hold up]. [Nov 2014, p.93]"


The Independent on Sunday (UK),90,"A complete rethink has resulted in the most uninhibited and visceral album of her career. [Jun 2014, p.78]"
Q Magazine,90,"Holland not only delivers her most intuitively crafted and realized collection to date, but she expands the boundaries and possibilities for American roots music in the process."
The Guardian,90,"This album is magnificent. [No. 109, p.54]"
The Independent (UK),80,"Wine Dark Sea is a brilliantly track-listed album, stronger as a whole than broken into parts."
BBC Music,80,"The quality of the songs is uniformly excellent, the performances electric and, moreso than ever, Hollands vocals are a drawling, tightrope-walking treat as she veers between lust and heartbreak with real abandon."
Uncut,80,"With Wine Dark Sea Holland has put her own enduring stamp on American music."
The Wire,80,"This is Holland in full bloom: singular and wild-eyed."
Magnet,70,"Its Holland at her most beautiful; thats something worth savoring."
The Line of Best Fit,70,"As much as some of the songs on Wine Dark Sea fail to reach the level of some of her previous efforts, Jolie Holland deserves praise for the risks she took with it."
musicOMH.com,60,"Ultimately, Wine Dark Sea is all about the mystique, making it nothing less than a fascinating ethereal excursion."
The Quietus,60,"At times you'd think she's finally stepped around her natural sophistication and freed her true nature. But then her rooted  unwillingness to share, via comprehensible diction, the lyrics she's carefully crafted does step between the different intimacies of sound and sense. [Jun 2014, p.88]"
AllMusic,90,"If (oh dear) you haven't got a Richard Thompson album in your collection, then this is a great way to get to know a truly inspired songwriter. But even if you know his work inside out, then you will still find much to enjoy listening to a master re-touch some of his best works."
Mojo,80,"Ultimately, this is a record full of brilliant Richard Thompson songs given strong readings."
Pitchfork,80,"Pared back or not, The strength of these songs means Thompson can always stand alone. [Sep 2014, p.115]"
Blurt Magazine,80,"A must for fans, but a little bit of between-song banter and audience reaction wouldnt have gone amiss."
Dusted Magazine,80,"A bravura performance."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"The results are pretty rewarding overall, even if the strictly unadorned arrangements might have occasionally benefitted from some counterbalancing extra instrumental layers."
Uncut,70,"Acoustic Classics plays like an hour-long live performance stripped of crowd noise, giving it an intimate immediacy that draws in the listener and makes them feel as though this were a command performance for one."
AllMusic,70,"Acoustic Classics is a useful update on 1984's live Small Town Romance, with Thompson this time attacking his back catalogue in the studio. [Sep 2014, p.78]"
American Songwriter,70,"Established fans will appreciate the trip back in time and perhaps acquire new respect for the more obscure tracks such as Persuasion. But those new to Richard Thompson are just as likely to relish these terrific songs played and sung by a master still at the top of his game and wise enough to realize he actually can improve on the originals."
Austin Chronicle,60,"They are scarcely comparable to the original band versions with electric guitar blazing and in some cases Linda Thompson singing; but there's a certain magic in hearing these classics in such intimate form. [Sep 2014, p.88]"


The Telegraph (UK),80,"Chatham County Line's format has barely changed, but it has matured deeply.  [Jul 2014, p.104]"
PopMatters,80,"Between the fine ensemble playing, the excellent songwriting, and the subtle but superb studio technique, Tightrope is a high-water mark for Chatham County Line, which is no small statement given the strength of their work to date."
Blurt Magazine,80,"The result is an album thats unfailingly engaging, and, unsurprisingly, wholly exceptional at that."
Q Magazine,70,"The musicianship is exemplary throughout, with a stronger focus on roots traditionalism on 'The Traveller' and 'Ships At Sea.' [Aug 2014, p.71]"
Under The Radar,60,"Struggling with the purity of its chosen narrow genre against the potential commercial appeal it helped bring about, Tightrope fails to reach the heights of 2010s Wildwood, delivered in a time before their progeny took hold."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),60,"The songs--though sparely produced as usual--sound picked over, like they've been played too many times and have lost their fire."
Paste Magazine,90,"One of the best Americana records of the year."
Boston Globe,88,"Eschewing Smithsonian properness, Remedy channels youth in all its freewheeling glory."
AllMusic,85,"As long as they keep crafting albums as fresh, loose and fun as Remedy, chances are theyll keep this truck roaring for another two decades."
PopMatters,83,"Old Crow is having fun and playing songs without a thought toward self-importance, and these days, that might be the punkest thing a band can do."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"Like Old Crown's best stuff, it evokes a time our of mind. [Sep 2014, p.112]"
Boston Globe,80,"The good news is that there's a new burst of energy on the rave-ups. [No. 111, p.59]"
The New York Times,80,"Their catalog is crammed with albums that replicate the unbridled joy and communion of their live shows. Remedy is the newest one to do that."
The Independent (UK),80,"Original and impressive."
American Songwriter,80,"If these last two [fire and freshness] are tough to keep up 15 years on, it doesn't show. [Aug 2014, p.93]"
Uncut,80,"All of it frothed up into an accomplished brew and delivered with good-timey vim but without a whole lot of charisma, especially in the vocal department. Snake oil, in other words. Good fun snake oil."
Blurt Magazine,80,"Ambitious in its reach, Remedy keeps close to the ground in in its inspiration and execution."
Austin Chronicle,70,"If they're sometimes guilty of overdoing the chirpiness, their songwriting crafty is best served on the more subdued 'Dearly Departed Friend' and 'Sweet Amarillo.' [Sep 2014, p.75]"
Mojo,70,"By smoothing out the rough edges and sanitizing the content that got them to this point, Remedy is a noble stepping stone between Old Crow Medicine Shows past and future."
Q Magazine,60,"On their eighth album, this roots-music party band still acts as if electricity was never invented."
The Guardian,50,"Remedy is a mostly pleasant, forgettable dose of Americana."


The Independent (UK),80,"If Provider was Webb reveling moment-to-moment in a new life, Free Will comes to terms with the fact that the more you live, the less you know."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Stripped of the beefy, full-band arrangements of The Constantines, Webb loses none of his potency. Hes just found a way to channel it without cranking up the volume."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"Throughout Free Will, Webb sounds calm and inviting, having seemingly settled into his mid-30s. It suits him incredibly well."
Pitchfork,70,"The few moments that bloom up big and lush here sand a bit of edge off these striking songs, but overall Free Will is a convincing and solid achievement from Webb."
Paste Magazine,70,"An exercise in simplicity, Free Wills one critique is at times feeling too simple. Given enough time, though, and a quiet enough room, the beauty in the music comes through strong, and second listens let the lyrics ring truer."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"There is a joyful exuberance to Revival, which has U2 and Coldplay arranger Rupert Christie at the helm."
Uncut,80,"The results are generally spectacular. [Jul 2014, p.93]"
Under The Radar,80,"There's something almost rave-friendly about their effervescence at times. [Aug 2014, p.102]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"Revival ranks among their best work and is definitely their most contemporary effort in tone."
PopMatters,80,"The formula remains the same, with traditional songs reworked with rousing big-band arrangements, and from furious opener Let Her Run to the rock-influenced Greenwood Side, they sound slicker and more confident than ever."
The Guardian,70,"A cherry if tad predictable offering. [Jul 2014, p.71]"
AllMusic,60,"Subtlety is, of course, the first casualty in the stampede for the folk mosh pit, and singer Jon Boden sometimes strains too hard for drama, lapsing into hamminess on murder ballad Greenwood Side."


Consequence of Sound,80,"Tunes like Autograph and Hometown Blues rush forward with purpose and verve. [Jul 2014, p.95]"
Exclaim,80,"Sound Mirror is far more than an exercise of indulgence. [Jul 2014, p.94]"
NOW Magazine,80,"Unlike their forebears, they are never guilty of over-stretching their songs, ensuring Syd Arthur supply lushly brocaded pleasure throughout. [Jul 2014, p.102]"
The Telegraph (UK),80,"Sound Mirror pursues a roving brief set to a pop aesthetic. These are compact but restless songs. [Jul 2014, p.81]"
PopMatters,80,"If indeed they are carrying the torch for the classic Canterbury sound, they're doing it smartly and on their own unique terms, with another impressive stop on their road of discovery."
Q Magazine,80,"Syd Arthur give themselves room to stretch out on Sound Mirror, with sonic textures thick and varied enough to enjoy getting lost in on repeat listens."
Mojo,80,"Syd Arthur avoids any whiff of trendiness and just gets down to the business of writing and performing timeless music on its second record Sound Mirror."
PopMatters,65,"The last half of the record ventures a bit too much into artistic pretension, but the first half's innovative hospitality keeps this from being a bad record at all. [Sep/Oct 2014, p.105]"
American Songwriter,60,"Now with trippier violin filigrees, they sound even more like the offspring of groups like Soft Machine and Caravan."
Consequence of Sound,60,"Sound Mirrors mix of jazz rhythms and psychedelic funk cuts a distinctive, if unfashionable, path."
The Guardian,60,"Sound Mirror is the mark of a band in it for the long haul who will undoubtedly get better and better as time goes by."
DIY Magazine,50,"There are still instances where the band lose sight of themselves, either not allowing the real heroes of the songs to take full control or plainly not recognizing where to trim the fat."
Uncut,80,"Its a cracked, smart and surprisingly powerful album, you just have to listen a bit closer than usual to hear what its trying to say."
The Quietus,80,"This is challenging Americana that never takes its audience, or its influences, for granted."
Mojo,80,"A compelling record, in which the moments of sudden tenderness stand strongest. [Jul 2014, p.105]"
Q Magazine,75,"Favorite Waitress excels in its extremes--its hardest foot-stompers like Lion and its softest piano ballads like Silver in the Shadow; its that passion and focused emotion that made the band so beloved in the first place. Whats left in between, however, risks sounding too mainstream."
Boston Globe,75,"With Favorite Waitress, The Felice Brothers have elevated their songwriting without losing their rambunctious charm."
Uncut,70,"The songs lurch, sway, plunk and rock out; they turn cryptic or offer direct comfort, focusing the albums many allusions to economic inequality."
BBC Music,70,"The record succeeds when the band give into the temptation of pleasing their crowd with ramshackle tracks that will work well in a live setting."
DIY Magazine,70,"The overall effect is a band that's dug in their heels in the studio and is going to make the most of the way the individual voices bounce off one another, and if they're shooting for something less challenging on Favorite Waitress, the feel of the music clearly seems to suit them."
The Guardian,70,"It's to The Felice Brothers' credit that Favorite Waitress never quite becomes oppressively earnest, though it's a near thing at a couple points. [Jul 2014, p.75]"
AllMusic,65,"Like many arch songwriters, the band tends to drop images and melodies from its favorite tunes into its work, phrases that add little sparks of frission to the Brothers' already strong melodic structure. [No. 110, p.54]"
musicOMH.com,60,"The FB's ragged, slip-sliding DNA is too irreverent to make them true inheritors of The Band's mantle, and that hasn't changed. Neither has the way they're one minute bursting with exuberance and the next resembling a burst tyre. [Jul 2014, p.93]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"The lively romp 'Lion'--which incidentally sounds great in concert--proves that the Felices translate best on record when they're being their boisterous, rootsy selves."
Los Angeles Times,56,"Too often Favorite Waitress sounds too too clever to accommodate something as visceral as a groove."
Magnet,50,"As great as the albums opening four songs might be, they hardly break new ground for the Felices."


Pitchfork,80,"An album of alluring dignity and depth. [Jul 2014, p.93]"
Paste Magazine,80,"What unites them is the boldness of the material and their treatment of it. [Jun 2014, p.48]"
Filter,80,"There's antique gusto, politics, wintry picking from a master, some gothic touches from Britfolk's finest fiddler, and grand notes. [Jul 2014, p.71]"
PopMatters,80,"This is a magnificent album, bridging the generation gap and reminding the listener just how vital and pertinent folk music can be."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"The result is brave, and anything but predictable."
Blurt Magazine,80,"The way their voices swoop and bend together is a delight."
Consequence of Sound,60,"A cut high above your usual tankard-on-the-belt stuff. [Jul 2014, p.103]"
The Independent (UK),80,"Brightly Painted One is an album of quiet, devastating beauty."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"Maybe having others to lean on in the big bad world brings the best out of Fullbrook, who sounds bright and confident where once she was charmingly hesitant. [Jun 2014, p.122]"
Under The Radar,80,"Impressive, beautifully poised stuff. [Jun 2014, p.93]"
The Observer (UK),80,"Brightly Painted One sounds more like a loving tribute to a simpler, slower time and once decanted, the songs begin to take on a personality of their own."
AllMusic,70,"On Brightly Painted One (Bella Union), her second album, her music never sounds glibly pleased with its present; she is always looking uneasily toward the next line, or moving toward mysticism."
PopMatters,70,"If the acoustic backdrop sometime slacks texture, there are no such qualms with the songwriting that demonstrates a novelist's eye for detail. [Jun 2014, p.83]"
Mojo,70,"Its tempting to think of Brightly Painted One as a grower of an album, and much of that depends on where you stand on the music/lyrics side of things. The problem is, for all of its evident beauty, its difficult to get inside  frustratingly so."
Clash Music,70,"It all has an affecting, intimate power."
Uncut,60,"It's encouraging that there are some clear signs of expansion on Brightly Painted One, but the question now is whether Tiny Ruins really have anywhere else to go."


Q Magazine,85,"9 Dead Alive has strength, beauty and often a spirit of engagement with the tenebrous. At times, dialogues areunresolved, yet despite (because of?) this, there is vital music-making from two uncompromising artists."
The Fly (UK),80,"Almost every track on this fifth LP is thematically inspired by a historical figure, which intrudes in the spoken passages of Sunday Neurosis, but otherwise inspires some of their most exciting music to date. [Jun 2014, p.119]"
The Boston Phoenix,80,"It's astonishing how lyrical just two guitars can be. [May 2014, p.94]"
Pitchfork,80,"This album evidences an expanded creative reach for the pair, even as it re-engages the sharp edges they displayed on earlier recordings."
BBC Music,70,"Theres nothing as immediate as Ixtapa or Tamacun here, but theres plenty of well rounded paeans nonetheless, and youre sure to find something to adore if youre a fan of guitar music, Latin music or heavy metal."
Under The Radar,67,"Fans of Rodrigo y Gabrielas early albums will find much to enjoy on 9 Dead Alive. The duo has continued their journey toward creating a unique sound that stands astride the disparate worlds of flamenco, tango, rock, metal, and countless other genres."
Paste Magazine,66,"Sometimes going back to what works can be a crutch and creatively stifling, but for Rodrigo y Gabriela, its a welcome return."
Consequence of Sound,65,"It will surely thrill hardcore fans as its live feel and heavy metal influences are reminiscent of their turbocharged debut. [Jun/Jul 2014, p.95]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"For most, this will make superb background music for meditation or musing, a tangled tapestry thats ideal as a soundtrack for seduction."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),60,"The Mexican duo aren't quite in the Jansch/Renbourne class, but they create memorable tunes full of clever variations of timbre, texture and tone. [May 2014, p.78]"
The Telegraph (UK),60,"The tracks are mostly dedicated to historical figures, and the choices are often more unexpected than the music."
Slant Magazine,50,"9 Dead Alive demonstrates amazing talent, then--but the ideas and theme, as a whole, are a bit samey."
Uncut,50,"Its all jam and no croissant, sadly."
Chicago Tribune,20,"Rod and Gab's fifth album is bereft of personality. [No. 110, p.59]"
Mojo,90,"rouble & Love is unlike any other 'heartbreak and healing' album; its hard-won, experiential, Buddhist-like wisdom borders on the profound."
The Guardian,89,"Like 2010's The Foundling, this seventh studio LP draws marrow from Gauthier's bones, cauterizing the wounds of a relationship into one of the most devastating breakup albums of all time."
NOW Magazine,80,"Her band is spare and empathetic, and she's a smart enough writer to avoid mawkishness and dramatics. Which just makes it grab you harder. [Aug 2014, p.93]"
PopMatters,80,"Trouble & Love is perhaps her most thoughtprovoking set since 2005s Mercy Now, full of literate musings and believable characters."
Blurt Magazine,80,"The eight songs, culled from a crop of 30 that came in the wake of a difficult breakup, become dirge-like if you put them on in the background. Shut out the distractions and bring them in close, and they become razor-sharp reflections of the long road out of purgatory."
Boston Globe,80,"She's a straight shooter, and Trouble & Love hits right to the heart."
Rolling Stone,70,"Gauthiers detailed, insightful lyrics and powerfully emotive delivery makes one want to hurt."
AllMusic,70,"It's all gracefully wrought. [Jul 2014, p.73]"
American Songwriter,60,"With songs as downcast and despondent as False From True, Worthy and the title track, the steady ache doesnt abide all that quickly. That said, Trouble & Love does find some cause to break the stranglehold of sadness and despair."
Q Magazine,60,"Its a break-up album thats perhaps a touch too unremittingly bleak for the closing resolution of Another Train (Im moving on, through the past, through the pain, waiting on another train) to completely convince."


The Independent on Sunday (UK),89,"What makes the seventh Wovenhand LP such a refreshing departure [is] Refractory Obdurate is the unabashed electric rock LP the Colorado fourpiece has hinted at in its last two releases."
Entertainment Weekly,83,"Refractory Obdurate sounds a clamorous warning that something is nigh. Rather than a direct message, Edwards offers only a shatter of brimstone pieces."
Billboard.com,82,"The album finally makes good on the post-punk and metal influences that have forever lingered at the edges of Wovenhands output."
Boston Globe,80,"The overall effect is almost hallucinatory. [Jul 2014, p.83]"
Paste Magazine,80,"This is music ripped from one man's heart and soul, and if it sometimes makes you uncomfortable, that means Wovenhand have done their job well."
American Songwriter,70,"It's quite hazy, quite crowded but it works. It really does."
Clash Music,80,"The result is a tender and engaging listen. [Aug 2014, p.93]"
Mojo,80,"Surely this is the comeback album of the year."
Rolling Stone,70,"The 73-year-old [is] in fine voice. [Aug 2014, p.71]"
The A.V. Club,70,"Take Me for a Walk in the Morning Dew is a triumphant comeback album, updating older tunes with a modernized production and new tunes showcasing Dobson's voice."
Magnet,60,"A nice comeback album."


Under The Radar,80,"There's an open-minded exploratory edge to everything here, as if Black Prairie were delighted to discover that genres are really just in the mind of the beholder."
Consequence of Sound,70,"With a renewed, stripped-down focus, Fortune is some of their best stuff yet. [May 2014, p.88]"
Sputnikmusic,60,"Overall, then, theres more here that works than otherwise, and listeners drawn to inventive Americana-cum-rock n roll will find much here to enjoy."
PopMatters,60,"At times, the sudden shifts are rather dizzying."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),60,"The evolution may be jarring to diehards who loved the bands take on old-time string band folk, but Black Prairies skill at playing its own version of rock brushes aside any carping."

New Musical Express (NME),80,"It's a nifty record: a double-edged throwback, evoking the singer/songwriters of the '60s but sounding like a different part of that decade, which is why its retro-ism winds up as invigorating."
AllMusic,80,"Deftly delivered and heartfelt, a career high. [Jul 2014, p.95]"
The Independent (UK),70,"His fourth album is leaner and meaner than 2010's A Train Bound For Glory. [Jul 2014, p.77]"
The Guardian,60,"As ever there are reservations about Molinari's blase attitude to the second-hand song title, but it's still a solid, engaging set. [Jul 2014, p.111]"

Uncut,80,"This one hits the mark more confidently, with all the earthiness she once brought as foil to John Martyn's aerier levitations. [Apr 2014, p.57]"
Q Magazine,80,"Life is rarely more tellingly captured in music. [May 2014, p.89]"
Chicago Tribune,60,"While Martyn's voice has dropped an octave and lost a few notes along the way, that merely adds to the beaten and beating heart of these songs. [Jun 2014, p.114]"
The Boston Phoenix,60,"Martyn's voice has taken a few knocks, but the weathered quality adds character. [May 2014, p.77]"
Los Angeles Times,60,"This intriguing if uneven set is a vast improvement on her last solo release 13 years ago."

Slant Magazine,80,"This one is an expression of respect to people whose work shaped his, as well as grateful a shout-out to a few pals who havent passed yet."
Prefix Magazine,80,"It's a curious artifact for sure, but it casts a unique spell. [Jul 2014, p.111]"
NOW Magazine,80,"Its gloom is potent and pervasive, and, while you're mired in it, A Letter Home doesn't seem like a baffling act of wilful perversity. It makes perfect sense, as it presumably does to the man who recorded it."
Spin,80,"Without any studio trickery to distract from the songs, versions of Bert Jansch's Needle of Death and Gordon Lightfoot's If You Could Read My Mind sound particularly affecting."
The Observer (UK),75,"Accompanied by Jack White, at whose studio he recorded on the Voice-O-Graph, Young sings with a perspective and appreciation that his 68 years undoubtedly bring."
The Fly (UK),75,"As a whole, Young and White have managed to make an album thats absolutely useful with a recording process that is absolutely central to that use."
musicOMH.com,70,"A Letter Home illustrates that vagaries of sound quality can sometimes enhance the drama of a record, and rarely undermine the potency of a good song. [Jul 2014, p.68]"
No Ripcord,70,"Once you've heard the undoctored edition of Bert Jansch's heartbreaking 'Needle of Death,' a harrowing tale of self-destruction by heroin predating Young's own 'The Needle and the Damage Done,' the noisier approach feels like needless gimmickry that diminishes, rather than enhances, one of his strongest sets in a long time."
Q Magazine,70,"Some will find A Letter Home something of a gimmick and its hard to see it being anything other than a peripheral addition to his substantial catalogue."
The Guardian,70,"Sure, there's artifice and humor here, but there's also heart, and this blend of emotions is what makes A Letter Home one of Neil Young's quintessential, endearingly odd records."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"At its best, though, A Letter Home plays like a crackly field recording from a lost world."
AllMusic,63,"Is it essential? Not really. Get Young's 'Unplugged' instead. Still, underestimate this would-be throwaway record at your peril."
Mojo,63,"For an album recorded primitively inside a Nashville box, there are some stunning performances on A Letter Home.... Occasionally, though, the recording quality distracts from the album's content."
Uncut,60,"At root, it's a heart-warming little curio. [Jul 2014, p.86]"
The A.V. Club,60,"The result is a quirky and poignant little time capsule."
The Fly (UK),60,"One should not have to turn in anywhere from one-to-two-hours of wages to hear the old coot warble out Willie Nelsons On The Road Again, regardless of how novel the way by which he crafted it."
Paste Magazine,60,"The songs are old, and the album sounds really old."
Pitchfork,60,"Its a scuffed-up, messy ode to purity. Its the kind of contradiction we might expect from artists like Neil Young and co-producer Jack White, though it still surprises."
Uncut,60,"Youre not listening to songs so much as attempting to pull up the past as if it were an old pair of trousers, and then rope it into place with lengths of digital cable. It is both ridiculous and oddly moving."
NOW Magazine,60,"There is a one-take charm to the performances on A Letter Home, an album thats more of a tribute to Neil Youngs ever-loving idiosyncrasy than to any of the artists covered."
No Ripcord,60,"Its a flinty, raw and ravaged recording, like some audio equivalent of a message in a bottle long ago tossed into the sea. It may be hard to listen to but it lends the disc an arcane charm."
Spin,58,"A Letter Home wont in future decades be listed alongside the best or the worst of those offerings, but it might find mention as one of his oddest fleeting experiments, alongside Everybodys Rockin, Trans, Greendale, Living with War, or lord knows what else is still to come."
Exclaim,50,"In general, the songs that began life as full band, large productions numbers undergo Youngs intimate reimagining far better than the already bare-boned tunes."
AllMusic,40,"Theres nothing here as radical as Youngs brazen take on God Save The Queen, for his far more engaging 2012 covers set, Americana, and the performances are decidedly tossed-off, even by Youngs capture-the-moment standards."

Consequence of Sound,100,"These songs bounce, buzz and bubble along with timeless life."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),80,"This set might not be as insularly perfect as the Secret Sisters' first album, but it's ultimately just as impressive, if not more so, breaking the duo out of that 'honky tonk made of fine glass' feel that could have easily trapped them creatively and artistically."
Prefix Magazine,70,"For purists, 'Lonely Island' and 'River Jordan' are closer to a bygone Nashville sound. [Aug 2014, p.78]"
Magnet,70,"Put Your Needle Down shows that hometown versatility, bouncing from rhythmic, slick seventies rock to flirtations with New Wave to songs that could single-handedly make someone reconsider the sweeping generalization that pop doesnt belong in country whatsoever."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Improved songwriting and assured ambition have turned them into formidable recording artists as well."
PopMatters,60,"An updated Dylan song, Dirty Lie, and the gospel-bound River Jordan add variety to an enjoyable if uneven set that's a big step forward."

Filter,80,"It's on the conceptual pair of tracks 45s (c.69) and 45s (c.14), where he contrasts two generations of hipsters hanging outside the same club 45 years apart, that his imagination really takes flight, though, giving an exciting glimpse of where tradition folk rock might go. [Jun 2014, p.108]"
Under The Radar,80,"This time the compositions are still thoughtful and exploratory and, although a tendency to emphatic angst dulls on the over-earnest, producer Mark Hutchinson is fully attuned to Dunlop's musical resourcefulness. [Jun 2014, p.75]"
New Musical Express (NME),75,"This is a very tight set, sympathetically produced and moving towards the mainstream."
Mojo,60,"The hefty production complements a moody selection of songs about bullying, Italian Soccer and1960s London. [Jul 2014, p.93]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"More displays of his guitar skills would have been welcome, but this is an assured and entertaining set."

Magnet,83,"Its a ready-made best-of album, superb in execution but light on surprises--the major exception being the new-wave-inflected speed-folk of the percussive Mother Mother cover Hayloft."
Uncut,82,"Not merely a product of maturity, Nickel Creek has grown without losing its palpable joy or wondrous ability to make musicianship as accessible as the engaging way their voices draw listeners to them."
Exclaim,80,"While they might not be better than ever, theyre at least what they once were and what theyve always been in the collective memory: instrumental virtuosos and sophisticated songsmiths, all the while finding a way to make it look easy."
AllMusic,80,"The time away has done the California-spawned group good, as the conversation is familiar--intricate instrumental phrasing, pristine harmonies--but also full of fresh energy that lends everything from the buoyant gospel bluegrass of 21st of May to the joyously bleary Rest of My Life an air of excitement."
Under The Radar,80,"A Dotted Line is a work of supreme songcraft; one might call it a return to form, but from the sound of it, the form was never gone in the first place."
PopMatters,70,"If there isn't much spark, there is a surplus of warmth; the trio is comfortable and relaxed, and it's hard not to succumb to such friendly, familiar vibes."
Blurt Magazine,60,"A closing cover of Sam Phillips plaintive and rarely heard ballad Where is Love Now shows the group knows how to dig for a great song, even if the originals that dominate this disc arent immediately as accessible. This isnt the bands finest (half) hour, yet its great to have them back."
Consequence of Sound,90,"A complete rethink has resulted in the most uninhibited and visceral album of her career. [Jun 2014, p.78]"
Q Magazine,90,"Holland not only delivers her most intuitively crafted and realized collection to date, but she expands the boundaries and possibilities for American roots music in the process."
American Songwriter,90,"This album is magnificent. [No. 109, p.54]"
Mojo,80,"Wine Dark Sea is a brilliantly track-listed album, stronger as a whole than broken into parts."
Uncut,80,"The quality of the songs is uniformly excellent, the performances electric and, moreso than ever, Hollands vocals are a drawling, tightrope-walking treat as she veers between lust and heartbreak with real abandon."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"With Wine Dark Sea Holland has put her own enduring stamp on American music."
Rolling Stone,80,"This is Holland in full bloom: singular and wild-eyed."
Magnet,70,"Its Holland at her most beautiful; thats something worth savoring."
Drowned In Sound,70,"As much as some of the songs on Wine Dark Sea fail to reach the level of some of her previous efforts, Jolie Holland deserves praise for the risks she took with it."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Ultimately, Wine Dark Sea is all about the mystique, making it nothing less than a fascinating ethereal excursion."
Paste Magazine,60,"At times you'd think she's finally stepped around her natural sophistication and freed her true nature. But then her rooted  unwillingness to share, via comprehensible diction, the lyrics she's carefully crafted does step between the different intimacies of sound and sense. [Jun 2014, p.88]"


American Songwriter,80,"Overall theres a principled (but never overbearing) humanism guiding her worldview. And her songs definitely rock, if never in a way that overpowers her words."
Chicago Tribune,80,"[The Nocturne Diaries] is beautiful. [May 2014, p.91]"
Prefix Magazine,80,"Essential and sublime. [Mar 2014, p.76]"
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),80,"Whether she looks into darkness or light, Eliza Gilkyson's vision is impressive, and she's given us another remarkable glimpse at her gifts as a vocalist and songwriter on The Nocturne Diaries."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),70,"Much of the albums charms, and there are many, can be found in Gilkysons delivery."
The Wire,70,"Gilkyson uses her nocturnal musings to create a shimmering album that sounds just as impressive in the daylight as in the darkness that inspired it."
Blurt Magazine,70,"Like any good folk record, The Nocturne Diaries explores timely social and political issues, with songs about troubled youth and abuse survivors, but these pieces lack the raw immediacy that makes politically-tinged folk music work."
No Ripcord,67,"Throughout The Nocturne Diaries, Eliza Gilkyson shapes a listen that's singularly thought-provoking."
Boston Globe,60,"Produced by her son Cisco Ryder, its a family album of elegant songs, well-framed in folk-rock settings."
Spin,80,"Chatham County Line's format has barely changed, but it has matured deeply.  [Jul 2014, p.104]"
The Observer (UK),80,"Between the fine ensemble playing, the excellent songwriting, and the subtle but superb studio technique, Tightrope is a high-water mark for Chatham County Line, which is no small statement given the strength of their work to date."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"The result is an album thats unfailingly engaging, and, unsurprisingly, wholly exceptional at that."
Slant Magazine,70,"The musicianship is exemplary throughout, with a stronger focus on roots traditionalism on 'The Traveller' and 'Ships At Sea.' [Aug 2014, p.71]"
The Independent (UK),60,"Struggling with the purity of its chosen narrow genre against the potential commercial appeal it helped bring about, Tightrope fails to reach the heights of 2010s Wildwood, delivered in a time before their progeny took hold."
The Guardian,60,"The songs--though sparely produced as usual--sound picked over, like they've been played too many times and have lost their fire."


Los Angeles Times,80,"It's a boldly contemporary record whose wily 70s spirit isn't lost amid the fuzz."
AllMusic,80,"Complete with harmonies from Julia Holter, it's an absolute peach. [Apr 2014, p.116]"
musicOMH.com,80,"The album is brave in its fragility and sincerity; its not for the cynical. But its not nave, either."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"It feels a tad preachy at moments but the purity of Perhacs's talent still radiates beautifully."
PopMatters,80,"Her uncommon, even singular approach to singing, recording, and writing, remains fully in evidence here."
The New York Times,80,"This is an album in possession of a rare innocence and charm."
Pitchfork,75,"This album is a worthy return by an artist we never thought we'd hear from again. [Feb-Mar 2014, p.75]"
Austin Chronicle,70,"Perhacs' light touch contrasts with the often heavy-handed lyrics. [No. 108, p.59]"
Consequence of Sound,70,"Occasionally the album misfires. [Mar 2014, p.59]"
Q Magazine,70,"The Soul of All Natural Things realises her intent wonderfully, its gorgeously crafted pastoral songs a gentle invocation to inner peace."
NOW Magazine,70,"For all the wait and weight of expectation, and despite some qualified successes, ultimately The Soul Of All Natural Things proves to havde too big a shadow to fill. Yet hiding within it is a charming mini-album by a sweet lost voice, one thats ready to be found again."
Exclaim,70,"There are a few moments of longueurs, where the songs come off a little too session muso. But this new, becalmed Perhacs reveals a clear eco-political message articulated with subtlety and nuance. [Apr 2014, p.79]"
BBC Music,70,"The closer Perhacs stays to her original organic vision, the better The Soul of All Natural Things sounds."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"At times a bit too slick and overproduced, her new songs are rooted in the same mysticism and concern for humanity that marked her early work, except now shes updated her sound with contributions from musicians such as Julia Holter and Ramona Gonzalez from Nite Jewel."
Austin Chronicle,68,"The best moments are when the song forms fracture a little, and Perhacs' multi-tracked voice is allowed to spiral free."
The A.V. Club,60,"While Perhacs' lyrics sometimes lapse into 'I want to be free' hippy anachronism, only a churl would begrudge the still angelically-voiced 70-yeear-old her fealty to the Aquarian spirit. [Apr 2014, p.90]"
Q Magazine,80,"If Provider was Webb reveling moment-to-moment in a new life, Free Will comes to terms with the fact that the more you live, the less you know."
BBC Music,60,"Although the records themes are well-worn, her approach to sound remains pure."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"Stripped of the beefy, full-band arrangements of The Constantines, Webb loses none of his potency. Hes just found a way to channel it without cranking up the volume."
musicOMH.com,80,"Throughout Free Will, Webb sounds calm and inviting, having seemingly settled into his mid-30s. It suits him incredibly well."
Exclaim,60,"To live up to the legacy of a cult classic is a daunting task; while The Soul of All Natural Things isnt quite up to the challenge, it does add a number of memorable songs to her catalog."
Paste Magazine,70,"The few moments that bloom up big and lush here sand a bit of edge off these striking songs, but overall Free Will is a convincing and solid achievement from Webb."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),50,"The album would have benefited from playing on that edge; instead, it rests on the laurels of its earthy prettiness."
PopMatters,70,"An exercise in simplicity, Free Wills one critique is at times feeling too simple. Given enough time, though, and a quiet enough room, the beauty in the music comes through strong, and second listens let the lyrics ring truer."


Rolling Stone,80,"Chock full of affirmation and illumination, Bright Side of Down is just the perfect pick-me-up for these frequently turbulent times."
Alternative Press,80,"Bright Side of Down is everything a folk recording should be, with thoughtful lyrics nestled into well-crafted songs and simple arrangements that put the song first."
AllMusic,70,"A subtly lyrical and perennially thoughtful writer, Minnesotan Gorka is both stellar and predictable on this, his 14th album. [Apr 2014, p.76]"
American Songwriter,70,"Bright Side of Down should resonate with Gorka's fans and those of modern American folk music."
Pitchfork,80,"Tunes like Autograph and Hometown Blues rush forward with purpose and verve. [Jul 2014, p.95]"
Under The Radar,80,"Sound Mirror is far more than an exercise of indulgence. [Jul 2014, p.94]"
Mojo,80,"Unlike their forebears, they are never guilty of over-stretching their songs, ensuring Syd Arthur supply lushly brocaded pleasure throughout. [Jul 2014, p.102]"
The Guardian,80,"Sound Mirror pursues a roving brief set to a pop aesthetic. These are compact but restless songs. [Jul 2014, p.81]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"If indeed they are carrying the torch for the classic Canterbury sound, they're doing it smartly and on their own unique terms, with another impressive stop on their road of discovery."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Syd Arthur give themselves room to stretch out on Sound Mirror, with sonic textures thick and varied enough to enjoy getting lost in on repeat listens."
Filter,80,"Syd Arthur avoids any whiff of trendiness and just gets down to the business of writing and performing timeless music on its second record Sound Mirror."
Uncut,65,"The last half of the record ventures a bit too much into artistic pretension, but the first half's innovative hospitality keeps this from being a bad record at all. [Sep/Oct 2014, p.105]"
The Independent (UK),60,"Now with trippier violin filigrees, they sound even more like the offspring of groups like Soft Machine and Caravan."
Uncut,60,"Sound Mirrors mix of jazz rhythms and psychedelic funk cuts a distinctive, if unfashionable, path."
AllMusic,60,"Sound Mirror is the mark of a band in it for the long haul who will undoubtedly get better and better as time goes by."
Blurt Magazine,50,"There are still instances where the band lose sight of themselves, either not allowing the real heroes of the songs to take full control or plainly not recognizing where to trim the fat."


PopMatters,85,"With albums as comfortable and likable as Twin Forks, theres simply no reason to mourn Carrabbas decision to give this new band his full focus for the time being."
Mojo,80,"Twin Forks is an album of freedom and exploration, the sound of people taking risks for the sake of song. We like that."
American Songwriter,80,"Although the music and lyrical content are more mature, what hasnt changed is the familiar empathetic thrill of Carabbas songwriting."
Mojo,60,"His verge-of-a-breakdown vocals are as affecting as ever here, but there are times when he sounds not only upbeat, but downright perky. [22 Mar 2014, p.53]"
PopMatters,60,"While everything is played with gusto and the songs themselves are well constructed, the album perhaps lacks enough surprises or detours from its sturdy formula to make it especially memorable. [May 2014, p.80]"
Boston Globe,60,"In short, if you're a Dashboard Confessional fan then you'll find plenty to enjoy here. Full-blown pretty-boy emotion dished out by a musician as adept at pulling the heart strings with big, simple feelings as anyone you might care to name."
AllMusic,50,"Twin Forks seems like a worthy vehicle for Carrabba's songs, but too much of this album panders to worn-out themes and clichs."

Q Magazine,80,"Brightly Painted One is an album of quiet, devastating beauty."
American Songwriter,80,"Maybe having others to lean on in the big bad world brings the best out of Fullbrook, who sounds bright and confident where once she was charmingly hesitant. [Jun 2014, p.122]"
Blurt Magazine,80,"Impressive, beautifully poised stuff. [Jun 2014, p.93]"
Mojo,80,"Brightly Painted One sounds more like a loving tribute to a simpler, slower time and once decanted, the songs begin to take on a personality of their own."
AllMusic,70,"On Brightly Painted One (Bella Union), her second album, her music never sounds glibly pleased with its present; she is always looking uneasily toward the next line, or moving toward mysticism."
The Telegraph (UK),70,"If the acoustic backdrop sometime slacks texture, there are no such qualms with the songwriting that demonstrates a novelist's eye for detail. [Jun 2014, p.83]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"Its tempting to think of Brightly Painted One as a grower of an album, and much of that depends on where you stand on the music/lyrics side of things. The problem is, for all of its evident beauty, its difficult to get inside  frustratingly so."
BBC Music,70,"It all has an affecting, intimate power."
Mojo,60,"It's encouraging that there are some clear signs of expansion on Brightly Painted One, but the question now is whether Tiny Ruins really have anywhere else to go."

The Guardian,80,"At her brightest and her best."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"A great overall effort."
cokemachineglow,80,"It shows that a talented, visionary singer-songwriter can comfortably do what she does so well, yet not be trapped by conventionality."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Vega's still small voice of calm remains where the action is,kin to early-'70s Leonard Cohen in her lyrics of enigmatic confession, tarot-casting romance and cool mystique. [Mar 2014, p.121]"
Prefix Magazine,80,"An array of session superheroes fill the album with crackling electricity. [Mar 2014, p.93]"
AllMusic,80,"Vegas enduringly classy knack for quirky rhythm, sleek ideas and direct-but-detached delivery shines through much of this album, though it does suffer at times from the leaden, ye olde phrasing hinted at in the title."
Pitchfork,80,"There may not be anything new or massively revolutionary to attract new disciples to the Vega cause, but Tales From The Realm Of The Queen Of Pentacles is another reliably excellent Suzanne Vega album."
PopMatters,70,"Tales from the Realm of the Queen of Pentacles is a welcome return by an artist who has remained stubbornly true to herself and only records when she has something new to say."
Consequence of Sound,70,"These are strong songs, only occasionally hampered by the over-ripe allegorical nonsense advertized in the album's title. [Mar 2014, p.85]"
Blurt Magazine,60,"She steps gingerly out of her comfort zone again on I Never Wear White, its harsh guitars veering towards garage rock, and the banjo-led angry man blues of Song Of The Stoic. If any of this proves too much for less adventurous fans, the literate whimsy of Crack In The Wall and Silver Bridge trek across more familiar terrain."
Mojo,60,"The Vega songwriting style is hardwearing."
Q Magazine,60,"Her first record in seven years, the discord is a new kind of awkward."

The Observer (UK),85,"9 Dead Alive has strength, beauty and often a spirit of engagement with the tenebrous. At times, dialogues areunresolved, yet despite (because of?) this, there is vital music-making from two uncompromising artists."
Uncut,80,"Almost every track on this fifth LP is thematically inspired by a historical figure, which intrudes in the spoken passages of Sunday Neurosis, but otherwise inspires some of their most exciting music to date. [Jun 2014, p.119]"
Blurt Magazine,80,"It's astonishing how lyrical just two guitars can be. [May 2014, p.94]"
Filter,80,"This album evidences an expanded creative reach for the pair, even as it re-engages the sharp edges they displayed on earlier recordings."
The Guardian,70,"Theres nothing as immediate as Ixtapa or Tamacun here, but theres plenty of well rounded paeans nonetheless, and youre sure to find something to adore if youre a fan of guitar music, Latin music or heavy metal."
NOW Magazine,67,"Fans of Rodrigo y Gabrielas early albums will find much to enjoy on 9 Dead Alive. The duo has continued their journey toward creating a unique sound that stands astride the disparate worlds of flamenco, tango, rock, metal, and countless other genres."
Uncut,66,"Sometimes going back to what works can be a crutch and creatively stifling, but for Rodrigo y Gabriela, its a welcome return."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),65,"It will surely thrill hardcore fans as its live feel and heavy metal influences are reminiscent of their turbocharged debut. [Jun/Jul 2014, p.95]"
BBC Music,60,"For most, this will make superb background music for meditation or musing, a tangled tapestry thats ideal as a soundtrack for seduction."
Blurt Magazine,60,"The Mexican duo aren't quite in the Jansch/Renbourne class, but they create memorable tunes full of clever variations of timbre, texture and tone. [May 2014, p.78]"
American Songwriter,60,"The tracks are mostly dedicated to historical figures, and the choices are often more unexpected than the music."
Slant Magazine,50,"9 Dead Alive demonstrates amazing talent, then--but the ideas and theme, as a whole, are a bit samey."
AllMusic,50,"Its all jam and no croissant, sadly."
Los Angeles Times,20,"Rod and Gab's fifth album is bereft of personality. [No. 110, p.59]"

Under The Radar,80,"The overall tone may be sombre but it's expressed with such a weightless delicacy, shaded with occasional harmonica and piano, that it's hard not to feel transported. [Apr 2014, p.77]"
PopMatters,80,"She builds the title track around a moment of beauty and renewal, and elsewhere she sings of companionship and comfort. Her backing band on the album, including Tony Scherr on bass and Rob Moose on guitars, violin and viola, sounds cozy enough to be playing in a living room."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Bluebird reveals Landes' healing process in emotionally raw, delicately crafted songs."
The Observer (UK),70,"Its disappointing that theres a few dull moments on Bluebird as they really do stand out against the stronger tracks."
Magnet,70,"The ten pieces here provide candid glimpses into Landes that can be interpreted in many ways, just like one can hear the chortle of a bluebird in the woods can make one look around to see what is happening."
The A.V. Club,60,"If theres anything wrong with Brooklyn-via-Kentucky singer-songwriter Dawn Landes seamless fifth album, its that its just too damn nice."
Q Magazine,40,"These are lonely outposts in a landscape without distinction, where the most depressing aspect isnt what happened to Landes and Ritter, but what happened to Landes songwriting."

BBC Music,89,"What makes the seventh Wovenhand LP such a refreshing departure [is] Refractory Obdurate is the unabashed electric rock LP the Colorado fourpiece has hinted at in its last two releases."
The Observer (UK),83,"Refractory Obdurate sounds a clamorous warning that something is nigh. Rather than a direct message, Edwards offers only a shatter of brimstone pieces."
The Telegraph (UK),82,"The album finally makes good on the post-punk and metal influences that have forever lingered at the edges of Wovenhands output."
Q Magazine,80,"The overall effect is almost hallucinatory. [Jul 2014, p.83]"
Uncut,80,"This is music ripped from one man's heart and soul, and if it sometimes makes you uncomfortable, that means Wovenhand have done their job well."
The Guardian,70,"It's quite hazy, quite crowded but it works. It really does."

Mojo,70,"Steve Dawsons fleet fingers, dexterity and sheer musicality make this a must for acoustic guitar aficionados and a treat for everyone else."
PopMatters,70,"Elements of jazz, ragtime, blues, Hawaiian and folk are audible, but there's a consistent sonic thread throughout."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Recorded using vintage hardware, the guitar sound is as rich as tiramisu. [Jun 2014, p.95]"
Uncut,60,"The result is tunes that are pleasant more often than arresting, tailor-made for playing quietly in the kitchen."
Under The Radar,60,"Dawsons agility is remarkable to say the least, and despite the lack of additional embellishment, the music comes across as rich and riveting."
Rolling Stone,80,"There's an open-minded exploratory edge to everything here, as if Black Prairie were delighted to discover that genres are really just in the mind of the beholder."
Exclaim,70,"With a renewed, stripped-down focus, Fortune is some of their best stuff yet. [May 2014, p.88]"
Pitchfork,60,"Overall, then, theres more here that works than otherwise, and listeners drawn to inventive Americana-cum-rock n roll will find much here to enjoy."
The A.V. Club,60,"At times, the sudden shifts are rather dizzying."
AllMusic,60,"The evolution may be jarring to diehards who loved the bands take on old-time string band folk, but Black Prairies skill at playing its own version of rock brushes aside any carping."


Austin Chronicle,80,"That Aurthur Jeffes--son of late Penguin Cafe orchestra founder Simon Jeffes--is a chip off the old block is becoming increasingly clear. [Mar 2014, p.91]"
Mojo,80,"The essence of what made Penguin Cafe Orchestra is here: the music is dreamlike and does indeed touch the heart of the listener."
Blurt Magazine,80,"An endlessly repeatable mood music masterpiece. [Mar 2014, p.119]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"More fun are the African-tinged 'Radio Bemba,' 'Odeon,' where New Orleans meets Irish tin whistle, and the Mexico-meets-Chopin 'Black Hibiscus.' [Mar 2014, p.80]"
Uncut,60,"Penguin Cafes music continuing to explore the more earthly pleasures to be found at the confluence of world, folk, minimalism and chamber music."
PopMatters,80,"This one hits the mark more confidently, with all the earthiness she once brought as foil to John Martyn's aerier levitations. [Apr 2014, p.57]"
American Songwriter,80,"Life is rarely more tellingly captured in music. [May 2014, p.89]"
BBC Music,60,"While Martyn's voice has dropped an octave and lost a few notes along the way, that merely adds to the beaten and beating heart of these songs. [Jun 2014, p.114]"
The Guardian,60,"Martyn's voice has taken a few knocks, but the weathered quality adds character. [May 2014, p.77]"
Uncut,60,"This intriguing if uneven set is a vast improvement on her last solo release 13 years ago."


The Telegraph (UK),90,"Ledges is the kind of record that sounds great from the very first listen, but over time, as Gundersens words begin to cut deeper and take root, it transcends the mere prettiness that is so often the bread and butter of singer/songwriter records."
Mojo,80,"The solid, memorable songs are at the sweet end of the bittersweet spectrum. [Mar 2014, p.91]"
Expert Witness (MSN Music),80,"Ledges may be a quiet album but it resonates with strong emotions in its own low-key way."
The Observer (UK),70,"Ledges may not match the intensity of his stage performances, but the album does portray Gundersen as an exacting songwriter who never lets self-reckoning curdle into self-regard and as an imaginative producer with a careful hand."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Its a record with much broader appeal than its genre tags, and Gundersen comes across as an old veteran throughout."
PopMatters,70,"Ledges seems effortless in its creation. [No. 106, p.55]"
Paste Magazine,70,"There are many fine moments here. [Apr 2014, p.76]"
Chicago Tribune,70,"The songs sound sad but each carries hope somehow, although a little jump and joy here and there might have given this set a little more spark. Life is lived in the sunshine, too."
Sputnikmusic,50,"Ledges waivers with harrowing lyrics, but worn arrangements."
Boston Globe,100,"These songs bounce, buzz and bubble along with timeless life."
American Songwriter,80,"This set might not be as insularly perfect as the Secret Sisters' first album, but it's ultimately just as impressive, if not more so, breaking the duo out of that 'honky tonk made of fine glass' feel that could have easily trapped them creatively and artistically."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"For purists, 'Lonely Island' and 'River Jordan' are closer to a bygone Nashville sound. [Aug 2014, p.78]"
The Wire,70,"Put Your Needle Down shows that hometown versatility, bouncing from rhythmic, slick seventies rock to flirtations with New Wave to songs that could single-handedly make someone reconsider the sweeping generalization that pop doesnt belong in country whatsoever."
Under The Radar,70,"Improved songwriting and assured ambition have turned them into formidable recording artists as well."
No Ripcord,60,"An updated Dylan song, Dirty Lie, and the gospel-bound River Jordan add variety to an enjoyable if uneven set that's a big step forward."


Magnet,85,"Theres nary a misstep, and yet, it still sounds as raw as a carcass in a butchers window."
Rolling Stone,80,"A natural wonder."
Uncut,80,"This English-language version is a beautiful thing. [Dec 2013, p.63]"
Pitchfork,80,"With such impressive source material to play, they hardly need to embellish it."
Q Magazine,80,"Asgeir's voice is the first thing that grabs you. [Feb 2014, p.91]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"A richly melodic, welcomingly melancholic debut."
Exclaim,80,"The everything-but-the-kitchen-sink promotional campaign--an appearance on Made In Chelsea here, a cover of Wrecking Ball on Dutch radio there--might smack of desperation. Fortunately, In the Silence is more than good enough to dispel any such impressions."
Blurt Magazine,80,"Gudmundur Kristinn Jnsson's production envelops Asgeir's fragile gifts in delicately wrought arrangements."
The Independent (UK),70,"Although it's unlikely In the Silence will have quite the same impact on the charts beyond the shores of Iceland, it does suggest another musical gem has been unearthed from the island's formidable pool of talent."
Filter,70,"Its easy to hear his plaintive songs, full of heartbreak, mountains and fjords, and picture sgeir recording in Bon Iver-style isolation."
The Guardian,60,"In the Silence remains deeply pleasant, if a little polite."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"When not humming, sgeir has a beautiful voice, high and clear, which he uses to sing some very pretty songs, albeit of a kind that seem predestined to waft gently in the background of TV ads or romcoms."

Mojo,83,"Its a ready-made best-of album, superb in execution but light on surprises--the major exception being the new-wave-inflected speed-folk of the percussive Mother Mother cover Hayloft."
NOW Magazine,82,"Not merely a product of maturity, Nickel Creek has grown without losing its palpable joy or wondrous ability to make musicianship as accessible as the engaging way their voices draw listeners to them."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"While they might not be better than ever, theyre at least what they once were and what theyve always been in the collective memory: instrumental virtuosos and sophisticated songsmiths, all the while finding a way to make it look easy."
AllMusic,80,"The time away has done the California-spawned group good, as the conversation is familiar--intricate instrumental phrasing, pristine harmonies--but also full of fresh energy that lends everything from the buoyant gospel bluegrass of 21st of May to the joyously bleary Rest of My Life an air of excitement."
Slant Magazine,80,"A Dotted Line is a work of supreme songcraft; one might call it a return to form, but from the sound of it, the form was never gone in the first place."
BBC Music,70,"If there isn't much spark, there is a surplus of warmth; the trio is comfortable and relaxed, and it's hard not to succumb to such friendly, familiar vibes."
Drowned In Sound,60,"A closing cover of Sam Phillips plaintive and rarely heard ballad Where is Love Now shows the group knows how to dig for a great song, even if the originals that dominate this disc arent immediately as accessible. This isnt the bands finest (half) hour, yet its great to have them back."

Rolling Stone,90,"That the feel throughout is cruel New England winter suggests July is one hell of a break-up record. [No. 106, p.57]"
The Independent (UK),85,"Following Marissa Nadler from one album to the next is like scraping away at the forearm with a scratch awl, each outing going progressively deeper, and were finally at blood and bone."
The A.V. Club,83,"Marissa Nadlers limnetic new album, July, is both eerie and soothing, a lullaby written to induce nightmares."
PopMatters,81,"The forward movement of July can be entrancing and propulsive."
Pitchfork,80,"Melodically bewitching throughout, Nadlers vocals are as nuanced and strong as Dunns production."
BBC Music,80,"This is a break-up album, a cohesive work embodying a singular mood, and Nadler, like any great artist, sets the scene with such careful, immersive depth that it can be difficult to the seams in her work until you explore every inch."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Yes, fine songs. But in part, though, a little of the success of July should be attributed to producer Randall Dunn."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Her writing, which here often expresses personal sorrow and fear about separated or lost love (1923, Nothing in My Heart), is alive to the senses and nature but doesnt get lost in abstractions about feelings."
AllMusic,80,"Its very rare that an artist present a statement so definitive as July, but given who its coming from, this albums transcendence is far from surprising."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"On this album, she both reminds the listener of her strengths as a songwriter and subtly redefines the ground on which her music rests."
PopMatters,80,"Those who need a soundtrack for a rainy night alone can take comfort in the pure reflective intimacy of this alluring and frequently enchanting album."
Austin Chronicle,80,"A melancholic late-night album, then, but one that really sounds beautiful. [Mar 2014, p.91]"
Rolling Stone,80,"July is a career high."
Mojo,80,"She's near the peak of their powers, if not actually at the summit."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"July is a grown up album--but its not a cleaned up one: Marissa Nadler may flirt with the sun now, but still articulates the dark like no one else."
PopMatters,80,"July is infectious. It translates well to many ears."
AllMusic,80,"Its not a pretty world to live in all the time, but for a while the twilight tones are the perfect place to rest a broken or bruised heart, or just take some comfort from Marissa Nadlers exquisite craft."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"Welcome signs of movement after a lengthy stasis. [Mar 2014, p.80]"
Sputnikmusic,80,"Because of the material's quality and the inspired collaboration between songwriter, performers, and producer, July unfolds as a near-perfect song cycle."
The A.V. Club,80,"It not so much that her talent has blossomed, more that it has thawed a little, releasing music that edges tantalizingly close to greatness. [Feb 2014, p.50]"
Magnet,80,"Julys strongest points come when Nadler has the most room to stretch her vocal muscles."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),80,"Ethereal strings, guitar and softly humming bass arise in delicate arrangements around them."
Mojo,75,"July might be Nadlers most cohesive and focused record yet."
AllMusic,70,"Most of July sticks to the aforementioned formula without falling into sounding formulaic--mainly due to Nadler's open performing style. [Feb/Mar 2014, p.74]"
New Musical Express (NME),50,"In the end, its the vague, shapeless, and undefined nature of the fancies her protagonists chase that partly undermines the albums substance, since without any clear delimitation of their supposedly particular aspirations its a little hard to sympathize with her characters and see in them anything more than cowardly, flighty children who ought to grow up."

Slant Magazine,80,"Overall theres a principled (but never overbearing) humanism guiding her worldview. And her songs definitely rock, if never in a way that overpowers her words."
musicOMH.com,80,"[The Nocturne Diaries] is beautiful. [May 2014, p.91]"
Los Angeles Times,80,"Essential and sublime. [Mar 2014, p.76]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Whether she looks into darkness or light, Eliza Gilkyson's vision is impressive, and she's given us another remarkable glimpse at her gifts as a vocalist and songwriter on The Nocturne Diaries."
Filter,70,"Much of the albums charms, and there are many, can be found in Gilkysons delivery."
PopMatters,70,"Gilkyson uses her nocturnal musings to create a shimmering album that sounds just as impressive in the daylight as in the darkness that inspired it."
Consequence of Sound,70,"Like any good folk record, The Nocturne Diaries explores timely social and political issues, with songs about troubled youth and abuse survivors, but these pieces lack the raw immediacy that makes politically-tinged folk music work."
Rolling Stone,67,"Throughout The Nocturne Diaries, Eliza Gilkyson shapes a listen that's singularly thought-provoking."
BBC Music,60,"Produced by her son Cisco Ryder, its a family album of elegant songs, well-framed in folk-rock settings."
Pitchfork,80,"On Word Of Mouth he's finally built a viable path between those old and new worlds. [Mar 2014, p.115]"
Under The Radar,70,"[The interviews with dock workers, WWII veterans and itinerants whose stories inspired nine of the 12 songs make] little material difference to his music. [Feb 2014, p.77]"
NOW Magazine,60,"Lakeman again shows off his fine multi-instrumental skills--songs such as The Wanderer buzz--and there is a delightful slow lament called Portrait of My Wife."
Blurt Magazine,60,"Swaying choruses and gutsy musicianship.... there's life after the circus has left town. [Mar 2014, p.93]"
Paste Magazine,60,"The resulting narratives are engaging enough, but Lakeman's trademark racing rhythms render several songs indistinguishable."
The Observer (UK),60,"Ultimately, by the end of Word Of Mouth, there is a feeling that it is more interesting conceptually than it is musically."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),60,"His multi-instrumental work is impressive, but his voice still often sounds too urgent."
The Independent (UK),40,"Seth Lakeman new album is dominated by the past, through celebrations or commemorations of old ways, occupations and disasters."


Drowned In Sound,80,"It feels like a very personal and agreeably languid autobiography. [Mar 2014, p.93]"
The Guardian,80,"Readers own explanatory notes enrich these universal songs with a personal edge, completing a particularly satisfying package."
Chicago Tribune,70,"Understated acoustic shuffles give the record a sense of the passing of time, as does the tender regret of 'Snowflakes In The Sun.' [Feb 2014, p.81]"
Q Magazine,60,"Warm acoustic folk is the dish of the day, with Reader occasionally dipping into chanson and Celtic tunes, never delivered in anything less than immaculate taste. [Mar 2014, p.119]"
Mojo,60,"The 14 songs ooze energy and style and feature long-term collaborators such as Alan Kelly, Ian Carr, Roy Dodds and John McCusker."

New Musical Express (NME),80,"It's a boldly contemporary record whose wily 70s spirit isn't lost amid the fuzz."
The A.V. Club,80,"Complete with harmonies from Julia Holter, it's an absolute peach. [Apr 2014, p.116]"
Uncut,80,"The album is brave in its fragility and sincerity; its not for the cynical. But its not nave, either."
Q Magazine,80,"It feels a tad preachy at moments but the purity of Perhacs's talent still radiates beautifully."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"Her uncommon, even singular approach to singing, recording, and writing, remains fully in evidence here."
The Wire,80,"This is an album in possession of a rare innocence and charm."
Dusted Magazine,75,"This album is a worthy return by an artist we never thought we'd hear from again. [Feb-Mar 2014, p.75]"
PopMatters,70,"Perhacs' light touch contrasts with the often heavy-handed lyrics. [No. 108, p.59]"
AllMusic,70,"Occasionally the album misfires. [Mar 2014, p.59]"
Q Magazine,70,"The Soul of All Natural Things realises her intent wonderfully, its gorgeously crafted pastoral songs a gentle invocation to inner peace."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"For all the wait and weight of expectation, and despite some qualified successes, ultimately The Soul Of All Natural Things proves to havde too big a shadow to fill. Yet hiding within it is a charming mini-album by a sweet lost voice, one thats ready to be found again."
musicOMH.com,70,"There are a few moments of longueurs, where the songs come off a little too session muso. But this new, becalmed Perhacs reveals a clear eco-political message articulated with subtlety and nuance. [Apr 2014, p.79]"
Mojo,70,"The closer Perhacs stays to her original organic vision, the better The Soul of All Natural Things sounds."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"At times a bit too slick and overproduced, her new songs are rooted in the same mysticism and concern for humanity that marked her early work, except now shes updated her sound with contributions from musicians such as Julia Holter and Ramona Gonzalez from Nite Jewel."
The Observer (UK),68,"The best moments are when the song forms fracture a little, and Perhacs' multi-tracked voice is allowed to spiral free."
BBC Music,60,"While Perhacs' lyrics sometimes lapse into 'I want to be free' hippy anachronism, only a churl would begrudge the still angelically-voiced 70-yeear-old her fealty to the Aquarian spirit. [Apr 2014, p.90]"
Uncut,60,"Although the records themes are well-worn, her approach to sound remains pure."
Q Magazine,60,"To live up to the legacy of a cult classic is a daunting task; while The Soul of All Natural Things isnt quite up to the challenge, it does add a number of memorable songs to her catalog."
Tiny Mix Tapes,50,"The album would have benefited from playing on that edge; instead, it rests on the laurels of its earthy prettiness."

Pitchfork,80,"While theres a yearning for youth about the album, it also has calibre thats to be celebrated. Matthews voice, his mastery of mood and storytelling shines through, lifting this to a satisfyingly high point of achievement."
The Wire,80,"This music glides across the ears, never indicating how deeply its hooks are sinking in; these songs wind up growing in the subconscious, suggesting how Matthews knows precisely how his obscure art works."
Drowned In Sound,70,"The mood is melancholy, the voice crystal clear, the folk-based songs deadly direct. [Feb 2014, p.78]"
Uncut,60,"Matthews ageless voice remains warm and inviting as he winds his way through this hour long set, creating a wistful yet never regretful mood."
Prefix Magazine,30,"The problem with this rather chugga-chugga, one-speed record is that he doesnt persuade you that he feels sufficiently strongly to let it all hang out on record."

Dusted Magazine,80,"Chock full of affirmation and illumination, Bright Side of Down is just the perfect pick-me-up for these frequently turbulent times."
Exclaim,80,"Bright Side of Down is everything a folk recording should be, with thoughtful lyrics nestled into well-crafted songs and simple arrangements that put the song first."
Uncut,70,"A subtly lyrical and perennially thoughtful writer, Minnesotan Gorka is both stellar and predictable on this, his 14th album. [Apr 2014, p.76]"
NOW Magazine,70,"Bright Side of Down should resonate with Gorka's fans and those of modern American folk music."

PopMatters,85,"With albums as comfortable and likable as Twin Forks, theres simply no reason to mourn Carrabbas decision to give this new band his full focus for the time being."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),80,"Twin Forks is an album of freedom and exploration, the sound of people taking risks for the sake of song. We like that."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"Although the music and lyrical content are more mature, what hasnt changed is the familiar empathetic thrill of Carabbas songwriting."
The A.V. Club,60,"His verge-of-a-breakdown vocals are as affecting as ever here, but there are times when he sounds not only upbeat, but downright perky. [22 Mar 2014, p.53]"
American Songwriter,60,"While everything is played with gusto and the songs themselves are well constructed, the album perhaps lacks enough surprises or detours from its sturdy formula to make it especially memorable. [May 2014, p.80]"
PopMatters,60,"In short, if you're a Dashboard Confessional fan then you'll find plenty to enjoy here. Full-blown pretty-boy emotion dished out by a musician as adept at pulling the heart strings with big, simple feelings as anyone you might care to name."
The New York Times,50,"Twin Forks seems like a worthy vehicle for Carrabba's songs, but too much of this album panders to worn-out themes and clichs."

The Guardian,80,"This is a very organic, modern album. And it's brilliant. [Mar 2014, p.93]"
Uncut,80,"Appropriately, each track on the debut from this masterful quintet of Irish and American musicians feels like a freshly flipped spade of sod--its ripe turfs most ancient facets made new just by touching air."
Paste Magazine,80,"To say it works well is an understatement."
Boston Globe,80,"Steeped in traditional Celtic influences but bravely contemporary, the Gloaming are a five-man Irish-American supergroup who have created a distinctive style of their own.... Exquisite."
musicOMH.com,80,"They are awfully thoughtful, though the thoughtfulness does frequently give way--sometimes you feel with a sigh of relief--to the technical liberation of jig and reel."
Blurt Magazine,70,"A magisterial set. [Feb 2014, p.75]"
Rolling Stone,60,"Not for the casual listener, but enormously rewarding if you hanker for some NY loft space in your croft house. [Feb 2014, p.115]"

The Fly (UK),85,"There is not a single second of new or unreleased music waiting for you inside this handsomely designed object.... His three studio albums have settled into cultural totems, albums that anyone hoping to know something about rock history buys sooner or later. Even 40-odd years later, their thumbprint remains unique, a strange and compelling mix of timeless poetic melancholy on the one hand, and cloistered, pampered schoolboy modernity on the other."
AllMusic,80,"Completists looking for some new insights to Drake's sounds will come up empty-handed with this collection. Although the music at its best approaches flawlessness, almost all of it has been widely available long before this packaging."
Q Magazine,80,"While almost all of the music is five-star material, its hard to recommend this collection wholeheartedly when anyone paying attention long enough could have easily picked up every item in the set individually."
Mojo,60,"The 5CD set of course includes his three now-celebrated albums.... Then there's Made to Love Magic, released in 2004, which includes out-takes and his final 1974 recordings, including the bleak Black Eyed Dog, and Family Tree, a set of home recordings he made before 1969, that was originally released in 2007. It's predictably patchy."

The Independent (UK),88,"Grass Punks, from Los Angeles-via-North Dakota singer-songwriter Tom Brosseau, sounds at first like the perfect album for winter shut-ins: a quietly seductive combination of acoustic stringed instruments, serene melodies and pristine vocals. But the songs are too prickly to be reduced to background music for a gray, melancholy afternoon."
AllMusic,80,"10 wistful, tender songs. [Feb 2014, p.98]"
PopMatters,70,"Grass Punks is a welcome return from one of the most dynamic voices in modern folk."
American Songwriter,70,"There's lots to admire in this wry, beautifully finger-picked set. [Feb 2014, p.71]"
Slant Magazine,60,"Brousseau possesses a certain spirit and shine, but a bit more spark would give Grass Punks more of a means by which to elevate the intrigue."
Boston Globe,60,"Grass Punks essentially consists of scaffolding for material to come later, which may be why Brosseau keeps the proceedings under a brisk half hour. Simplicity can be a virtue, but its not enough on its own."

Exclaim,80,"At her brightest and her best."
Uncut,80,"A great overall effort."
Pitchfork,80,"It shows that a talented, visionary singer-songwriter can comfortably do what she does so well, yet not be trapped by conventionality."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Vega's still small voice of calm remains where the action is,kin to early-'70s Leonard Cohen in her lyrics of enigmatic confession, tarot-casting romance and cool mystique. [Mar 2014, p.121]"
Uncut,80,"An array of session superheroes fill the album with crackling electricity. [Mar 2014, p.93]"
AllMusic,80,"Vegas enduringly classy knack for quirky rhythm, sleek ideas and direct-but-detached delivery shines through much of this album, though it does suffer at times from the leaden, ye olde phrasing hinted at in the title."
PopMatters,80,"There may not be anything new or massively revolutionary to attract new disciples to the Vega cause, but Tales From The Realm Of The Queen Of Pentacles is another reliably excellent Suzanne Vega album."
Under The Radar,70,"Tales from the Realm of the Queen of Pentacles is a welcome return by an artist who has remained stubbornly true to herself and only records when she has something new to say."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"These are strong songs, only occasionally hampered by the over-ripe allegorical nonsense advertized in the album's title. [Mar 2014, p.85]"
No Ripcord,60,"She steps gingerly out of her comfort zone again on I Never Wear White, its harsh guitars veering towards garage rock, and the banjo-led angry man blues of Song Of The Stoic. If any of this proves too much for less adventurous fans, the literate whimsy of Crack In The Wall and Silver Bridge trek across more familiar terrain."
Consequence of Sound,60,"The Vega songwriting style is hardwearing."
Paste Magazine,60,"Her first record in seven years, the discord is a new kind of awkward."

PopMatters,100,"It's an album we'll be looking at in December when it's time to single out the most powerful works of 2014."
AllMusic,100,"It's Cash, at the top of her game as a singer, who carries the day. [Jan 2014, p.65]"
BBC Music,100,"Its a record that her late father would have been enormously proud of, and the first essential country album of 2014."
Austin Chronicle,90,"Its among her finest work in a 35-year career, assured and at ease, and one of 2014s first great albums."
Uncut,89,"Rosanne Cash caps a trilogy of reflection with poise and insight, a complex cultural legacy moved distinctly forward."
Mojo,88,"As powerful a witness for the region--Memphis, Mississippi, Alabama, Arkansas--as it is a lovely quilt of musicality, braiding blues, folk, Appalachia, rock and old-timey country, this is balm for lost souls, alienated creatures seeking their core truths and intellectuals who love the cool mist of vespers in the hearts of people they may never encounter."
Q Magazine,83,"The River & The Thread will require multiple listens to truly appreciate, so set aside some time to soak in this one."
The Quietus,80,"Sometimes Cash is a little wordy and other times Leventhals melodies kind of drift off, but mostly the two mesh together well."
PopMatters,80,"It's bracing stuff. [Mar 2014, p.110]"
Mojo,80,"These evocative originals, inspired by road trips, inevitably reconnect ti her Memphis roots. [Mar 2014, p.96]"
AllMusic,80,"The somewhat mainstream arrangements are meticulously crafted and played, but it's Cash's emotional, engaged vocals that carry the record."
Consequence of Sound,80,"This is an elegant, mature work of a songwriter and performer at the height of her powers."
musicOMH.com,80,"As always, Cashs vocals arent brimming with character, but their tidiness suits her observational lyrics and considered personality. Together, they lead her home by a route laid out clearly enough to show just how far she strayed."
Uncut,80,"As the title suggests, The River & The Thread manages to surge and sway all at the same time. Indeed, it doesnt get much better than this."
The Observer (UK),80,"This album confirms once again that she's matured into a singular artist with the talent and the vision to make these stories of her travels in the South come to vivid and affecting life."
Uncut,75,"Its a consummate piece of work, and an evocative way to honor both personal and public history."
The Observer (UK),70,"Frustratingly, the record seems somewhat sleepily produced by her husband John Leventhal. One wishes for more flourish to distinguish these songs from one another."
The Guardian,60,"The River & The Thread transcends its geographical markers. It is an open-hearted piece of Americana, filled with music that is literate, narrative, and just a little bit strange."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),50,"Simply put, this record has no teeth."
The Independent (UK),80,"The overall tone may be sombre but it's expressed with such a weightless delicacy, shaded with occasional harmonica and piano, that it's hard not to feel transported. [Apr 2014, p.77]"
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),80,"She builds the title track around a moment of beauty and renewal, and elsewhere she sings of companionship and comfort. Her backing band on the album, including Tony Scherr on bass and Rob Moose on guitars, violin and viola, sounds cozy enough to be playing in a living room."
musicOMH.com,80,"Bluebird reveals Landes' healing process in emotionally raw, delicately crafted songs."
The Guardian,70,"Its disappointing that theres a few dull moments on Bluebird as they really do stand out against the stronger tracks."
Sputnikmusic,70,"The ten pieces here provide candid glimpses into Landes that can be interpreted in many ways, just like one can hear the chortle of a bluebird in the woods can make one look around to see what is happening."
Paste Magazine,60,"If theres anything wrong with Brooklyn-via-Kentucky singer-songwriter Dawn Landes seamless fifth album, its that its just too damn nice."
DIY Magazine,40,"These are lonely outposts in a landscape without distinction, where the most depressing aspect isnt what happened to Landes and Ritter, but what happened to Landes songwriting."


BBC Music,90,"Taken as a whole, Little Sand Box may initially feel a tad overwhelming but in actuality it makes understanding Gelbs solo records far less arduous due to its curatorial context-setting (which includes bonus tracks and informative sleeve notes). Moreover, it upholds Gelbs vocation as the sociable solo journeyman as being equal in stature to his role as a veteran band leader."
AllMusic,80,"By turns infuriating and intoxicating, but swaying strongly in favour of the latter, Little Sand Box ultimately suggests that maybe those promoters were in the wrong after all back in 1991."
Rolling Stone,80,"How much Howe Gelb one needs is a question only fans can answer for themselves, but if you're up for a major journey through Gelb's universe, Little Sand Box delivers the deluxe guided tour with the sage himself as your guide, and there isn't a single false or insincere moment to be found in these eight albums."
Uncut,60,"Theres no doubting Howes immense talent but, though each album stands alone individually, bundled together here the material becomes slightly indistinct."
The Observer (UK),60,"In typical Gelb manner, its wide-ranging in styles and standards: he didnt get this far by excessive quality control, so some parts have a loose feel, while firmer parameters prevail elsewhere."
Q Magazine,70,"Steve Dawsons fleet fingers, dexterity and sheer musicality make this a must for acoustic guitar aficionados and a treat for everyone else."
Austin Chronicle,70,"Elements of jazz, ragtime, blues, Hawaiian and folk are audible, but there's a consistent sonic thread throughout."
Paste Magazine,60,"Recorded using vintage hardware, the guitar sound is as rich as tiramisu. [Jun 2014, p.95]"
Q Magazine,60,"The result is tunes that are pleasant more often than arresting, tailor-made for playing quietly in the kitchen."
Uncut,60,"Dawsons agility is remarkable to say the least, and despite the lack of additional embellishment, the music comes across as rich and riveting."


AllMusic,80,"That Aurthur Jeffes--son of late Penguin Cafe orchestra founder Simon Jeffes--is a chip off the old block is becoming increasingly clear. [Mar 2014, p.91]"
The Observer (UK),80,"The essence of what made Penguin Cafe Orchestra is here: the music is dreamlike and does indeed touch the heart of the listener."
Rolling Stone,80,"An endlessly repeatable mood music masterpiece. [Mar 2014, p.119]"
Blurt Magazine,70,"More fun are the African-tinged 'Radio Bemba,' 'Odeon,' where New Orleans meets Irish tin whistle, and the Mexico-meets-Chopin 'Black Hibiscus.' [Mar 2014, p.80]"
The Guardian,60,"Penguin Cafes music continuing to explore the more earthly pleasures to be found at the confluence of world, folk, minimalism and chamber music."

Uncut,90,"Ledges is the kind of record that sounds great from the very first listen, but over time, as Gundersens words begin to cut deeper and take root, it transcends the mere prettiness that is so often the bread and butter of singer/songwriter records."
The Observer (UK),80,"The solid, memorable songs are at the sweet end of the bittersweet spectrum. [Mar 2014, p.91]"
The Telegraph (UK),80,"Ledges may be a quiet album but it resonates with strong emotions in its own low-key way."
BBC Music,70,"Ledges may not match the intensity of his stage performances, but the album does portray Gundersen as an exacting songwriter who never lets self-reckoning curdle into self-regard and as an imaginative producer with a careful hand."
musicOMH.com,70,"Its a record with much broader appeal than its genre tags, and Gundersen comes across as an old veteran throughout."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"Ledges seems effortless in its creation. [No. 106, p.55]"
AllMusic,70,"There are many fine moments here. [Apr 2014, p.76]"
Uncut,70,"The songs sound sad but each carries hope somehow, although a little jump and joy here and there might have given this set a little more spark. Life is lived in the sunshine, too."
The Independent (UK),50,"Ledges waivers with harrowing lyrics, but worn arrangements."

Dusted Magazine,85,"Theres nary a misstep, and yet, it still sounds as raw as a carcass in a butchers window."
Prefix Magazine,80,"A natural wonder."
Consequence of Sound,80,"This English-language version is a beautiful thing. [Dec 2013, p.63]"
musicOMH.com,80,"With such impressive source material to play, they hardly need to embellish it."
BBC Music,80,"Asgeir's voice is the first thing that grabs you. [Feb 2014, p.91]"
Mojo,80,"A richly melodic, welcomingly melancholic debut."
Magnet,80,"The everything-but-the-kitchen-sink promotional campaign--an appearance on Made In Chelsea here, a cover of Wrecking Ball on Dutch radio there--might smack of desperation. Fortunately, In the Silence is more than good enough to dispel any such impressions."
PopMatters,80,"Gudmundur Kristinn Jnsson's production envelops Asgeir's fragile gifts in delicately wrought arrangements."
The Wire,70,"Although it's unlikely In the Silence will have quite the same impact on the charts beyond the shores of Iceland, it does suggest another musical gem has been unearthed from the island's formidable pool of talent."
Slant Magazine,70,"Its easy to hear his plaintive songs, full of heartbreak, mountains and fjords, and picture sgeir recording in Bon Iver-style isolation."
AllMusic,60,"In the Silence remains deeply pleasant, if a little polite."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"When not humming, sgeir has a beautiful voice, high and clear, which he uses to sing some very pretty songs, albeit of a kind that seem predestined to waft gently in the background of TV ads or romcoms."
Sputnikmusic,80,"A remarkable, wonderful calling card. [Jan 2014, p.100]"
NOW Magazine,80,"Sumie is not a record for all times, but when the moment strikes, it will deliver--with disarming simplicity--an intoxicating mixture of purity and potency."
Rolling Stone,80,"There are the purely lovely moments like 'Midnight Glories' that help make Sumie a quietly compelling, inviting full-length introduction to an artist who can't help but bewitch listeners willing and able to embrace her stillness."
musicOMH.com,70,"Her ability to micromanage is clearly great. Its not the most unique take on folk, but it is rife with charm; her intimate, sympathetic sounds soothe the most restless minds."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"There is undeniable beauty lying in each of these ten offerings, but when listened to in one sitting, they lose their individual draw."
PopMatters,60,"Sumie blends Japanese and Scandinavian folk, singing crisply over repetitive acoustic guitar patterns. [Mar 2014, p.83]"
The Telegraph (UK),60,"Appropriately, her mellow voice layered upon rounded instrumentation makes the album blend into one long, sophisticated lullaby."
American Songwriter,60,"Too often, it seems like the singer is leading us into blind alleys, stringing words together willy-nilly on bead chains, then scattering them like sparkling baubles in a heap."
Q Magazine,60,"At her best, Sumie evokes the poeticism of Joni paired with the headiness of Mazzy Star. But given the songs lack of variation in tone and tempo, an EP might have offered a more focused introduction."
Clash Music,60,"The unhurried pace and her soft intonation make a mildly intoxicating combination, most notably on Never Wanted to Be. But well before the end of this 33-minute album I was longing for a change of pace, or something unexpected."


Uncut,80,"While I'm A Dreamer looks back the best part of a century, sepia cover photo and all, it never simply lapses into pastiche. [Nov 2013, p.54]"
BBC Music,80,"Her most orthodox album, perhaps, and by some distance her best. [Dec 2013, p.68]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"I'm a Dreamer strikes an impressive balance between light and dark."
The Guardian,80,"Bar that electric guitar, this is the kind of music that you wouldnt be surprised to hear on an old piece of 78rpm vinyl rescued from a car-boot sale (which is, of course, meant as a compliment)."
The Observer (UK),80,"This is perhaps her most fun album, with a sense of humor even within tragic material. At the same time, its one of her prettiest, and not lacking for strange pleasures even within a seemingly more conventional setting."
Pitchfork,80,"Perhaps the only thing missing to complete the utterly charming and enveloping experience of Im A Dreamer is being able to play it on a crackly gramophone with a shot of prohibition-era moonshine to sup on."
PopMatters,80,"Im A Dreamer is another stellar effort."
Los Angeles Times,80,"The results are frequently exquisite."
AllMusic,80,"Given how mercurial she's been, this stylistic return may be temporary, but it's so fully realized, it's also a most welcome one."
BBC Music,80,"Im A Dreamer is never going to set the world alight with innovative new sounds, but these songs are perfect little gems that possess a timeless quality."
Rolling Stone,60,"Despite the variety, this is a decidedly marginal set of songs, one thats well out of sync with even the most archival Americana."
The Observer (UK),90,"That the feel throughout is cruel New England winter suggests July is one hell of a break-up record. [No. 106, p.57]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),85,"Following Marissa Nadler from one album to the next is like scraping away at the forearm with a scratch awl, each outing going progressively deeper, and were finally at blood and bone."
Uncut,83,"Marissa Nadlers limnetic new album, July, is both eerie and soothing, a lullaby written to induce nightmares."
Consequence of Sound,81,"The forward movement of July can be entrancing and propulsive."
Mojo,80,"Melodically bewitching throughout, Nadlers vocals are as nuanced and strong as Dunns production."
American Songwriter,80,"This is a break-up album, a cohesive work embodying a singular mood, and Nadler, like any great artist, sets the scene with such careful, immersive depth that it can be difficult to the seams in her work until you explore every inch."
The Guardian,80,"Yes, fine songs. But in part, though, a little of the success of July should be attributed to producer Randall Dunn."
The Independent (UK),80,"Her writing, which here often expresses personal sorrow and fear about separated or lost love (1923, Nothing in My Heart), is alive to the senses and nature but doesnt get lost in abstractions about feelings."
Slant Magazine,80,"Its very rare that an artist present a statement so definitive as July, but given who its coming from, this albums transcendence is far from surprising."
Q Magazine,80,"On this album, she both reminds the listener of her strengths as a songwriter and subtly redefines the ground on which her music rests."
The A.V. Club,80,"Those who need a soundtrack for a rainy night alone can take comfort in the pure reflective intimacy of this alluring and frequently enchanting album."
Austin Chronicle,80,"A melancholic late-night album, then, but one that really sounds beautiful. [Mar 2014, p.91]"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"July is a career high."
PopMatters,80,"She's near the peak of their powers, if not actually at the summit."
Exclaim,80,"July is a grown up album--but its not a cleaned up one: Marissa Nadler may flirt with the sun now, but still articulates the dark like no one else."
Boston Globe,80,"July is infectious. It translates well to many ears."
Mojo,80,"Its not a pretty world to live in all the time, but for a while the twilight tones are the perfect place to rest a broken or bruised heart, or just take some comfort from Marissa Nadlers exquisite craft."
Uncut,80,"Welcome signs of movement after a lengthy stasis. [Mar 2014, p.80]"
Los Angeles Times,80,"Because of the material's quality and the inspired collaboration between songwriter, performers, and producer, July unfolds as a near-perfect song cycle."
Blurt Magazine,80,"It not so much that her talent has blossomed, more that it has thawed a little, releasing music that edges tantalizingly close to greatness. [Feb 2014, p.50]"
American Songwriter,80,"Julys strongest points come when Nadler has the most room to stretch her vocal muscles."
AllMusic,80,"Ethereal strings, guitar and softly humming bass arise in delicate arrangements around them."
Rolling Stone,75,"July might be Nadlers most cohesive and focused record yet."
Exclaim,70,"Most of July sticks to the aforementioned formula without falling into sounding formulaic--mainly due to Nadler's open performing style. [Feb/Mar 2014, p.74]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),50,"In the end, its the vague, shapeless, and undefined nature of the fancies her protagonists chase that partly undermines the albums substance, since without any clear delimitation of their supposedly particular aspirations its a little hard to sympathize with her characters and see in them anything more than cowardly, flighty children who ought to grow up."


DIY Magazine,83,"Film soundtracks can seldom be appreciated as standalone works, but the music from Inside Llewyn Davis is a notable, and welcome exception to the rule. As evident in both their film and musical work, the Coen brothers are getting good at creating exceptions."
Uncut,80,"From the traditional folk cover of 'The Last Thing on My Mind' (originally by Tom Paxton) sung by actor Stark Sands to the anti-war political charge of 'Please Mr Kennedy,' featuring Timberlake, it rarely fails to capture the mood."
Magnet,80,"The soundtrack delivers a faithful sample of Bleecker Street's earnest, antique folkery, ably sung by actor Oscar Isaac, Justin Timberlake, Marcus Mumford and others."
AllMusic,70,"Usually, Inside Llewyn Davis is straight satire, though, as it concentrates on the titular character's channeling of Von Ronk and, as such, has no intention of treating the music cavalierly; it winds up as something unusual for the Coens: an homage that comes from a place of warmth, a salute so loving it's hard to deny the affection."
PopMatters,60,"This soundtrack may be Hollywood-ized, but its also spirited in its reflection of Americas past 50 years."
American Songwriter,60,"Produced by the Coens with T Bone Burnett, the album captures well the sanctimony, bogus bucolicism and beatnik romanticism that characterised the age, along with that tang of revolution in the air (to quote its most successful adherent)."
Drowned In Sound,50,"As focused and professional as it is, the Inside Llewyn Davis soundtrack is everything you wouldnt expect from the Coen brothers: measured, serious, and kind of lifeless."
Austin Chronicle,50,"None of the actors have the vocal character of the late Dave Van Ronk, whose biography inspired the film and whose bluesy 'Green, Green Rocky Road' caps this set, or of another folk singer--the young Bob Dylan--whose rarity 'Farewell' signals a new era dawning in the film and on this collection."
Mojo,80,"On Word Of Mouth he's finally built a viable path between those old and new worlds. [Mar 2014, p.115]"
Q Magazine,70,"[The interviews with dock workers, WWII veterans and itinerants whose stories inspired nine of the 12 songs make] little material difference to his music. [Feb 2014, p.77]"
The Independent (UK),60,"Lakeman again shows off his fine multi-instrumental skills--songs such as The Wanderer buzz--and there is a delightful slow lament called Portrait of My Wife."
The A.V. Club,60,"Swaying choruses and gutsy musicianship.... there's life after the circus has left town. [Mar 2014, p.93]"
Paste Magazine,60,"The resulting narratives are engaging enough, but Lakeman's trademark racing rhythms render several songs indistinguishable."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"Ultimately, by the end of Word Of Mouth, there is a feeling that it is more interesting conceptually than it is musically."
American Songwriter,60,"His multi-instrumental work is impressive, but his voice still often sounds too urgent."
Q Magazine,40,"Seth Lakeman new album is dominated by the past, through celebrations or commemorations of old ways, occupations and disasters."


PopMatters,100,"It lacks consistency, but it works well often enough to make this a reasonably satisfying exercise in both 19th and 21st Century Americana."
Boston Globe,100,"This set proves that good storytelling never goes out of style."
The Guardian,80,"Remarkably, the performances by current artists from Ralph Stanley down the generations to Angel Snow are all superb. [Feb 2014, p.91]"
AllMusic,80,"It's a classy, mostly acoustic set, dominated by fiddle, guitar and banjo, but T Bone Burnett uses clarinet and piano for a bleak, adventurous reworking of The Battle of Antietam."
Rolling Stone,80,"Divided & United is vital listening for anyone interested in the history of pop music or the United States, and it satisfies as both education and entertainment."
The New York Times,70,"Tales of protest, battle, compassion, camaraderie, segregation and loss are recalled in rich tones. [Feb 2014, p.83]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),60,"Across 32 tracks it tries to capture the experience of an era from all sides."
Austin Chronicle,80,"It feels like a very personal and agreeably languid autobiography. [Mar 2014, p.93]"
The Observer (UK),80,"Readers own explanatory notes enrich these universal songs with a personal edge, completing a particularly satisfying package."
Exclaim,70,"Understated acoustic shuffles give the record a sense of the passing of time, as does the tender regret of 'Snowflakes In The Sun.' [Feb 2014, p.81]"
AllMusic,60,"Warm acoustic folk is the dish of the day, with Reader occasionally dipping into chanson and Celtic tunes, never delivered in anything less than immaculate taste. [Mar 2014, p.119]"
The Quietus,60,"The 14 songs ooze energy and style and feature long-term collaborators such as Alan Kelly, Ian Carr, Roy Dodds and John McCusker."


PopMatters,70,"The record does get a little samey in parts, and at times feels like a soundtrack for another Juno or Away We Go.  But the album fits a very particular aesthetic."
AllMusic,70,"Out of the box, the Melodic don't sound much like anyone else in British pop, and their individuality, imagination, and vision already make them something special."
Mojo,60,"Some may fine the ambient, tree-hugging Willow (Interlude) hard to stomach, however, and the lyrical flair that can elevate a debut album is sometimes lacking. [Apr 2014, p.91]"
Q Magazine,60,"At 15 tracks long there's occasionally some saggy moments, but with plenty of verve and sparkle in the main, The Melodic's debut proves unexpectedly life-affirming. [Apr 2014, p.115]"
BBC Music,60,"A beautifully fashioned, classy and meticulously crafted background music, perfect for Sunday brunch among the NPR crowd."
musicOMH.com,50,"The Melodics busy, busy style just doesnt work with non-dynamic mixing. And the album can hurt the ears to the point of irritation."

The Guardian,80,"While theres a yearning for youth about the album, it also has calibre thats to be celebrated. Matthews voice, his mastery of mood and storytelling shines through, lifting this to a satisfyingly high point of achievement."
The Observer (UK),80,"This music glides across the ears, never indicating how deeply its hooks are sinking in; these songs wind up growing in the subconscious, suggesting how Matthews knows precisely how his obscure art works."
Rolling Stone,70,"The mood is melancholy, the voice crystal clear, the folk-based songs deadly direct. [Feb 2014, p.78]"
PopMatters,60,"Matthews ageless voice remains warm and inviting as he winds his way through this hour long set, creating a wistful yet never regretful mood."
Consequence of Sound,30,"The problem with this rather chugga-chugga, one-speed record is that he doesnt persuade you that he feels sufficiently strongly to let it all hang out on record."

The Independent on Sunday (UK),90,"The Devil Makes Three's most consistent and balanced album yet."
Uncut,80,"Im a Stranger Here is a strong album from top to bottom."
The Telegraph (UK),70,"Their blend of bluegrass, blues and ragtime isn't unique within the current old-timey undercurrent of Americana, but frontman Pete Bernhard's songwriting contains enough contemporary flair to provide a solid backbone for the album's ten tracks"
Blurt Magazine,60,"There seems to be a slightly less edgy approach to these ten tracks, some of which could have used a dose of the hyper-caffeinated style TDM3 whip up in front of an audience."

The Telegraph (UK),80,"This is a very organic, modern album. And it's brilliant. [Mar 2014, p.93]"
Paste Magazine,80,"Appropriately, each track on the debut from this masterful quintet of Irish and American musicians feels like a freshly flipped spade of sod--its ripe turfs most ancient facets made new just by touching air."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),80,"To say it works well is an understatement."
The A.V. Club,80,"Steeped in traditional Celtic influences but bravely contemporary, the Gloaming are a five-man Irish-American supergroup who have created a distinctive style of their own.... Exquisite."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"They are awfully thoughtful, though the thoughtfulness does frequently give way--sometimes you feel with a sigh of relief--to the technical liberation of jig and reel."
PopMatters,70,"A magisterial set. [Feb 2014, p.75]"
Rolling Stone,60,"Not for the casual listener, but enormously rewarding if you hanker for some NY loft space in your croft house. [Feb 2014, p.115]"
musicOMH.com,80,"Filled with tearful ballads and ragged-trousered country, the Avetts' playing may not be the most technically accomplished but the feel they bring to Never Been Alive and Another Is Waiting is alone worth wading through their previously misfiring albums. [Jan 2014, p.96]"
Chicago Tribune,80,"The Avett Brothers are thankfully more interested in contemporary relevance than lockstep allegiance to dusty history. [No. 104, p.52]"
Under The Radar,80,"Magpie is chock full of tracks that show the Avett Brothers are (very wisely) growing their sound, while remaining true to their core principles and what listeners like about them to begin with."
Mojo,80,"The Avett Brothers have established a singular style. And with it, a well-deserved reputation that assures their place among the best of the breed."
Q Magazine,75,"North Carolina's Avett Brothers have filled Magpie and the Dandelion with taut, unaffected verses that dredge the past, weigh damage against possibility, and seek emergence through selflessness and emotional responsibility."
The Quietus,75,"When the band turns from evocative imagery to lyrics that just feel confusingly circuitous, Magpie loses its footing. [18 Oct 2013, p.65]"
AllMusic,75,"But for the most part, Magpie provides us with another bundle of easygoing tunes from a band that seems to have a limitless supply."
Spin,75,"Its a solid record that showcases all of The Avett Brothers talents and captures them, as well as their songwriting, in an interesting emotional place on their journey further down the road."
NOW Magazine,70,"More hard-bitten and somberly reflective, Magpie exposes lyrics that tilt into hokey romanticism. But the craft is automatic."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Perhaps the Avetts are best when they run a little bit loose and ragged, letting the tempos push a little bit hard, allowing their harmonies to clash and happy to have their loose ends remain untied. Often, this means that the ballads are just a shade too tidy."
American Songwriter,70,"The 11 tracks on Magpie and the Dandelion were recorded during the same Rick Rubin-produced sessions, and now stand as a well-timed response to those that found The Carpenter too weighty for its own good."
The Observer (UK),60,"Not quite as organic as they seem, their perfection lacks taste despite its polish. [Jan 2014, p.117]"
The Independent (UK),60,"Their recognition of pop's ability to articulate its listeners' feelings, boost morale and offer guidance is the best and worst thing about them: they come across as honest and unaffected, but also self-regarding in their homespun wisdom, and far too quick with a cliche."
Uncut,60,"Too many edges have been sanded off the brothers' music, and whether the blame lies with Rubin's influence or the accelerated writing pace, the result is an album devoid of the band's usual charming lyrics and adroit melodies."
Austin Chronicle,50,"Its a decent bunch of leftovers and will likely appeal to Avetts dreamers who prefer the brothers serene and misty-eyed. For everyone else, Magpie and the Dandelion is competently played, handsomely arranged, and fairly boring."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),50,"With just a little more time and some soul-searching, maybe the Avett Brothers can better incorporate the pop and solidify their newfound voice."
Billboard.com,42,"These songs are nice and theyre pretty, but have no bite, no substance, and no real pizzazz."
Prefix Magazine,40,"There are too many plodding ballads, sentimental on the piano and heavy on the cymbals."


Pitchfork,85,"There is not a single second of new or unreleased music waiting for you inside this handsomely designed object.... His three studio albums have settled into cultural totems, albums that anyone hoping to know something about rock history buys sooner or later. Even 40-odd years later, their thumbprint remains unique, a strange and compelling mix of timeless poetic melancholy on the one hand, and cloistered, pampered schoolboy modernity on the other."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Completists looking for some new insights to Drake's sounds will come up empty-handed with this collection. Although the music at its best approaches flawlessness, almost all of it has been widely available long before this packaging."
Consequence of Sound,80,"While almost all of the music is five-star material, its hard to recommend this collection wholeheartedly when anyone paying attention long enough could have easily picked up every item in the set individually."
BBC Music,60,"The 5CD set of course includes his three now-celebrated albums.... Then there's Made to Love Magic, released in 2004, which includes out-takes and his final 1974 recordings, including the bleak Black Eyed Dog, and Family Tree, a set of home recordings he made before 1969, that was originally released in 2007. It's predictably patchy."

The Independent on Sunday (UK),83,"This pretty collection brims with introspection about life and love, but it's hard not to wish that Lee would exercise a little less emotional restraint. [11 Oct 2013, p.72]"
Slant Magazine,81,"Ranging from old-timey to reverential, soul to Appalachian, Mountain stands utterly his."
Q Magazine,80,"[Lee delivers] some of the most impassioned performances he's ever recorded. [No. 104, p.58]"
Uncut,80,"It's Lee's talents as an insightful songwriter and soulful vocalist that beg your attention on Mountains of Sorrow, Rivers of Song."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"This is Lees fifth studio album. The good news is that he continues to explore new styles."
AllMusic,60,"Ballads like 'Chill In The Air' and 'Burden' have a stately gait, but Lee is more engaging when he turns playful huckster. [Jan 2014, p.75]"
musicOMH.com,50,"He's unable to find his footing, whether as a blues, soul or country singer, and the end results are a bland pastiche of all three."
Drowned In Sound,40,"His chops are pro and his delivery almost compulsively spot on, but he's far too thin on what singer-songwriters probably need most: their own point of view."

PopMatters,88,"Grass Punks, from Los Angeles-via-North Dakota singer-songwriter Tom Brosseau, sounds at first like the perfect album for winter shut-ins: a quietly seductive combination of acoustic stringed instruments, serene melodies and pristine vocals. But the songs are too prickly to be reduced to background music for a gray, melancholy afternoon."
Q Magazine,80,"10 wistful, tender songs. [Feb 2014, p.98]"
Uncut,70,"Grass Punks is a welcome return from one of the most dynamic voices in modern folk."
AllMusic,70,"There's lots to admire in this wry, beautifully finger-picked set. [Feb 2014, p.71]"
Slant Magazine,60,"Brousseau possesses a certain spirit and shine, but a bit more spark would give Grass Punks more of a means by which to elevate the intrigue."
The Telegraph (UK),60,"Grass Punks essentially consists of scaffolding for material to come later, which may be why Brosseau keeps the proceedings under a brisk half hour. Simplicity can be a virtue, but its not enough on its own."
BBC Music,100,"It sounds as relevant, fresh, vital and modern as if it were recorded this year. Its a classic in the making."
Country Weekly,85,"It's the sound of Griffin at an intriguing crossroads. [No. 104, p.56]"
Los Angeles Times,80,"Those acquainted with the slow and soulful pace of Griffin's recent work may be surprised by her ability to let rip here. [Dec 2013, p.69]"
Paste Magazine,80,"It is simultaneously inward and explosive, a record that demands close listening and certainly rewards the attention."
Pitchfork,80,"It may not have a story of a lost classic, but it has the music of a freshly discovered treasure."
The Wire,78,"With new mixes from original producer Glyn Johns (the Who, Rolling Stones, Led Zeppelin), Griffin's varied folk-rock collection marks another high-water mark in her beautifully arcing career."
Q Magazine,75,"Silver Bell is generally best when its quietest, when Griffins vocals dont have to compete with a denser sound."
Under The Radar,70,"Though Silver Bell meanders at times, 'Little God' (which might be about the devil) and the vengeful 'Sorry and Sad' pit her thoughtful, detailed lyrics and blue, reedy voice against tough Stones-in-the-bayou guitars."
Uncut,60,"Produced by Daniel Lanois and newly mixed by Glyn Johns, theres a more soulful side to Griffin on the shuffling lament Sooner Or Later, while One More Girl veers towards the folky introspection of early Joni Mitchell."
AllMusic,60,"Intended as the follow-up to Griffins sophomore set Flaming Red, Silver Bell finds a young artist still determining her direction. Griffins furtive vocals dominate the album overall, but the settings shift dramatically throughout."


PopMatters,100,"It's an album we'll be looking at in December when it's time to single out the most powerful works of 2014."
Dusted Magazine,100,"It's Cash, at the top of her game as a singer, who carries the day. [Jan 2014, p.65]"
American Songwriter,100,"Its a record that her late father would have been enormously proud of, and the first essential country album of 2014."
Kerrang!,90,"Its among her finest work in a 35-year career, assured and at ease, and one of 2014s first great albums."
Sputnikmusic,89,"Rosanne Cash caps a trilogy of reflection with poise and insight, a complex cultural legacy moved distinctly forward."
AllMusic,88,"As powerful a witness for the region--Memphis, Mississippi, Alabama, Arkansas--as it is a lovely quilt of musicality, braiding blues, folk, Appalachia, rock and old-timey country, this is balm for lost souls, alienated creatures seeking their core truths and intellectuals who love the cool mist of vespers in the hearts of people they may never encounter."
DIY Magazine,83,"The River & The Thread will require multiple listens to truly appreciate, so set aside some time to soak in this one."
The Quietus,80,"Sometimes Cash is a little wordy and other times Leventhals melodies kind of drift off, but mostly the two mesh together well."
AllMusic,80,"It's bracing stuff. [Mar 2014, p.110]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"These evocative originals, inspired by road trips, inevitably reconnect ti her Memphis roots. [Mar 2014, p.96]"
BBC Music,80,"The somewhat mainstream arrangements are meticulously crafted and played, but it's Cash's emotional, engaged vocals that carry the record."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"This is an elegant, mature work of a songwriter and performer at the height of her powers."
Mojo,80,"As always, Cashs vocals arent brimming with character, but their tidiness suits her observational lyrics and considered personality. Together, they lead her home by a route laid out clearly enough to show just how far she strayed."
Q Magazine,80,"As the title suggests, The River & The Thread manages to surge and sway all at the same time. Indeed, it doesnt get much better than this."
Uncut,80,"This album confirms once again that she's matured into a singular artist with the talent and the vision to make these stories of her travels in the South come to vivid and affecting life."
Drowned In Sound,75,"Its a consummate piece of work, and an evocative way to honor both personal and public history."
The Guardian,70,"Frustratingly, the record seems somewhat sleepily produced by her husband John Leventhal. One wishes for more flourish to distinguish these songs from one another."
Paste Magazine,60,"The River & The Thread transcends its geographical markers. It is an open-hearted piece of Americana, filled with music that is literate, narrative, and just a little bit strange."
Consequence of Sound,50,"Simply put, this record has no teeth."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"With the distractions of Flynn's burgeoning acting career and the birth of his first child, Country Mile may not have been the great creative leap forward that some fans were hoping for, but this beautifully written album stands up to anything in his catalog."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"So despite some minor quibbles, this is a very accomplished album and one that shows Flynn well on his way to becoming the UKs next great folk troubadour."
AllMusic,80,"Theres less barn-floor stomp than on previous albums, but Country Mile is still rousing, with trumpet, fiddle and much--occasionally dicey--harmonising."
PopMatters,70,"Country Mile is a fine album, testament to the smartly ornate take on English folk old and new as one and the same, but given Flynns own catalogue and his undoubted abilities it hasnt progressed as far as it could have done."
Uncut,70,"Flynn remains one of the countrys most overlooked songwriters and Country Mile is a good reminder of his skill with a well-crafted song."
The Independent (UK),60,"What, on the face of it, is an understated and straightforward folk fringe album, is actually, thanks to the guile of Flynn and long-time collaborator Adam Beach, an extremely clever and nuanced record. [Nov 2013, p.84]"
BBC Music,60,"The reggae-tinged 'Fol-de-rol' is a definite low, but elsewhere this is a competent, if unsurprising, effort. [Nov 2013, p.71]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Flynn and band are happy to be a little old-fashioned, but it can be fun to join them."
Pitchfork,60,"Despite the harvest festival charm that carries the record, its heart is here, at its starkest, most honest moments."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),50,"The Calexico-ish 'The Lady Is Risen' shows he can get close to a folky barnstormer, but on closer inspection the barn appears to be a set prop that might blow down in a stiff wind."
AllMusic,40,"An album that should have seen Flynn take a step closer to Messrs Marling and Mumford has, sadly, been moulded into a bit of a snoozefest. [Nov 2013, p.102]"


musicOMH.com,90,"Taken as a whole, Little Sand Box may initially feel a tad overwhelming but in actuality it makes understanding Gelbs solo records far less arduous due to its curatorial context-setting (which includes bonus tracks and informative sleeve notes). Moreover, it upholds Gelbs vocation as the sociable solo journeyman as being equal in stature to his role as a veteran band leader."
Slant Magazine,80,"By turns infuriating and intoxicating, but swaying strongly in favour of the latter, Little Sand Box ultimately suggests that maybe those promoters were in the wrong after all back in 1991."
Prefix Magazine,80,"How much Howe Gelb one needs is a question only fans can answer for themselves, but if you're up for a major journey through Gelb's universe, Little Sand Box delivers the deluxe guided tour with the sage himself as your guide, and there isn't a single false or insincere moment to be found in these eight albums."
Q Magazine,60,"Theres no doubting Howes immense talent but, though each album stands alone individually, bundled together here the material becomes slightly indistinct."
PopMatters,60,"In typical Gelb manner, its wide-ranging in styles and standards: he didnt get this far by excessive quality control, so some parts have a loose feel, while firmer parameters prevail elsewhere."
Blurt Magazine,80,"This is a record that repays multiple listens, and may prove to be The Deep Dark Woods most enduring album yet."
Pitchfork,80,"There may be plenty of the same things here, but they're executed superbly."
Filter,80,"Jubilee is their best album yet, and may very well be remembered as the most sincere release of 2013."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"These are songs that build in slow, flowing layers held together by dusky, swirling keyboard parts and Boldt's low, everyman baritone vocals."
Mojo,60,"As it is, Jubilee feels like a long, slow dirge."


Drowned In Sound,100,"Magnificent. [Nov 2013, p.121]"
PopMatters,100,"These 17 discs comprise every Island studio album, each with generous extras, plus standalone discs of genuine historical worth."
Under The Radar,90,"Ultimately, no matter how heated the exchanges between Martyn and his fans could be during concerts, the respect between audience and performer was total and it was loyal--the same punters who would complain the loudest would be at the very next show. It is for these people, those who knew his true worth as an artist who The Island Years was created for and will appeal to most."
The Telegraph (UK),90,"All told, The Island Years contains an embarrassment of riches and must rank as amongst the most exhaustive and impressive undertakings of its kind; its the kind of towering tribute Martyns talents richly deserve. However, its hard to figure out who its intended for exactly."
Uncut,80,"The raging fires of Martyn's talent roar through the mix. [Nov 2013, p.97]"
AllMusic,80,"If you can bear the canonical duplicates, the seldom played discs, and, above all, the cost, this is a box no John Martyn fan can do without. [Nov 2013, p.96]"
Blurt Magazine,80,"You may well own these already, but the value of this collection is as a portrait of the artist through time, and a compilation of the irresistible outpourings of a man who never really knew who he was. [Nov 2013, p.83]"
PopMatters,80,"Devotees will not be disappointed."
Rolling Stone,80,"It's expensive but for Martyn fans it will offer hours and hours of fresh enjoyment of one of British folk's true greats."
Slant Magazine,80,"A remarkable, wonderful calling card. [Jan 2014, p.100]"
The Telegraph (UK),80,"Sumie is not a record for all times, but when the moment strikes, it will deliver--with disarming simplicity--an intoxicating mixture of purity and potency."
Uncut,80,"There are the purely lovely moments like 'Midnight Glories' that help make Sumie a quietly compelling, inviting full-length introduction to an artist who can't help but bewitch listeners willing and able to embrace her stillness."
Mojo,70,"Her ability to micromanage is clearly great. Its not the most unique take on folk, but it is rife with charm; her intimate, sympathetic sounds soothe the most restless minds."
BBC Music,70,"There is undeniable beauty lying in each of these ten offerings, but when listened to in one sitting, they lose their individual draw."
The Guardian,60,"Sumie blends Japanese and Scandinavian folk, singing crisply over repetitive acoustic guitar patterns. [Mar 2014, p.83]"
AllMusic,60,"Appropriately, her mellow voice layered upon rounded instrumentation makes the album blend into one long, sophisticated lullaby."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),60,"Too often, it seems like the singer is leading us into blind alleys, stringing words together willy-nilly on bead chains, then scattering them like sparkling baubles in a heap."
Q Magazine,60,"At her best, Sumie evokes the poeticism of Joni paired with the headiness of Mazzy Star. But given the songs lack of variation in tone and tempo, an EP might have offered a more focused introduction."
Mojo,60,"The unhurried pace and her soft intonation make a mildly intoxicating combination, most notably on Never Wanted to Be. But well before the end of this 33-minute album I was longing for a change of pace, or something unexpected."


NOW Magazine,80,"While I'm A Dreamer looks back the best part of a century, sepia cover photo and all, it never simply lapses into pastiche. [Nov 2013, p.54]"
BBC Music,80,"Her most orthodox album, perhaps, and by some distance her best. [Dec 2013, p.68]"
AllMusic,80,"I'm a Dreamer strikes an impressive balance between light and dark."
musicOMH.com,80,"Bar that electric guitar, this is the kind of music that you wouldnt be surprised to hear on an old piece of 78rpm vinyl rescued from a car-boot sale (which is, of course, meant as a compliment)."
PopMatters,80,"This is perhaps her most fun album, with a sense of humor even within tragic material. At the same time, its one of her prettiest, and not lacking for strange pleasures even within a seemingly more conventional setting."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Perhaps the only thing missing to complete the utterly charming and enveloping experience of Im A Dreamer is being able to play it on a crackly gramophone with a shot of prohibition-era moonshine to sup on."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Im A Dreamer is another stellar effort."
Uncut,80,"The results are frequently exquisite."
Clash Music,80,"Given how mercurial she's been, this stylistic return may be temporary, but it's so fully realized, it's also a most welcome one."
The Guardian,80,"Im A Dreamer is never going to set the world alight with innovative new sounds, but these songs are perfect little gems that possess a timeless quality."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),60,"Despite the variety, this is a decidedly marginal set of songs, one thats well out of sync with even the most archival Americana."

Entertainment Weekly,83,"Film soundtracks can seldom be appreciated as standalone works, but the music from Inside Llewyn Davis is a notable, and welcome exception to the rule. As evident in both their film and musical work, the Coen brothers are getting good at creating exceptions."
Pitchfork,80,"From the traditional folk cover of 'The Last Thing on My Mind' (originally by Tom Paxton) sung by actor Stark Sands to the anti-war political charge of 'Please Mr Kennedy,' featuring Timberlake, it rarely fails to capture the mood."
The Quietus,80,"The soundtrack delivers a faithful sample of Bleecker Street's earnest, antique folkery, ably sung by actor Oscar Isaac, Justin Timberlake, Marcus Mumford and others."
AllMusic,70,"Usually, Inside Llewyn Davis is straight satire, though, as it concentrates on the titular character's channeling of Von Ronk and, as such, has no intention of treating the music cavalierly; it winds up as something unusual for the Coens: an homage that comes from a place of warmth, a salute so loving it's hard to deny the affection."
Spin,60,"This soundtrack may be Hollywood-ized, but its also spirited in its reflection of Americas past 50 years."
The Wire,60,"Produced by the Coens with T Bone Burnett, the album captures well the sanctimony, bogus bucolicism and beatnik romanticism that characterised the age, along with that tang of revolution in the air (to quote its most successful adherent)."
PopMatters,50,"As focused and professional as it is, the Inside Llewyn Davis soundtrack is everything you wouldnt expect from the Coen brothers: measured, serious, and kind of lifeless."
Uncut,50,"None of the actors have the vocal character of the late Dave Van Ronk, whose biography inspired the film and whose bluesy 'Green, Green Rocky Road' caps this set, or of another folk singer--the young Bob Dylan--whose rarity 'Farewell' signals a new era dawning in the film and on this collection."

Austin Chronicle,100,"It lacks consistency, but it works well often enough to make this a reasonably satisfying exercise in both 19th and 21st Century Americana."
Consequence of Sound,100,"This set proves that good storytelling never goes out of style."
AllMusic,80,"Remarkably, the performances by current artists from Ralph Stanley down the generations to Angel Snow are all superb. [Feb 2014, p.91]"
BBC Music,80,"It's a classy, mostly acoustic set, dominated by fiddle, guitar and banjo, but T Bone Burnett uses clarinet and piano for a bleak, adventurous reworking of The Battle of Antietam."
Mojo,80,"Divided & United is vital listening for anyone interested in the history of pop music or the United States, and it satisfies as both education and entertainment."
The Observer (UK),70,"Tales of protest, battle, compassion, camaraderie, segregation and loss are recalled in rich tones. [Feb 2014, p.83]"
Q Magazine,60,"Across 32 tracks it tries to capture the experience of an era from all sides."

The Independent (UK),70,"The record does get a little samey in parts, and at times feels like a soundtrack for another Juno or Away We Go.  But the album fits a very particular aesthetic."
AllMusic,70,"Out of the box, the Melodic don't sound much like anyone else in British pop, and their individuality, imagination, and vision already make them something special."
American Songwriter,60,"Some may fine the ambient, tree-hugging Willow (Interlude) hard to stomach, however, and the lyrical flair that can elevate a debut album is sometimes lacking. [Apr 2014, p.91]"
Paste Magazine,60,"At 15 tracks long there's occasionally some saggy moments, but with plenty of verve and sparkle in the main, The Melodic's debut proves unexpectedly life-affirming. [Apr 2014, p.115]"
The A.V. Club,60,"A beautifully fashioned, classy and meticulously crafted background music, perfect for Sunday brunch among the NPR crowd."
Uncut,50,"The Melodics busy, busy style just doesnt work with non-dynamic mixing. And the album can hurt the ears to the point of irritation."

Mojo,90,"The Devil Makes Three's most consistent and balanced album yet."
The Wire,80,"Im a Stranger Here is a strong album from top to bottom."
Q Magazine,70,"Their blend of bluegrass, blues and ragtime isn't unique within the current old-timey undercurrent of Americana, but frontman Pete Bernhard's songwriting contains enough contemporary flair to provide a solid backbone for the album's ten tracks"
Dusted Magazine,60,"There seems to be a slightly less edgy approach to these ten tracks, some of which could have used a dose of the hyper-caffeinated style TDM3 whip up in front of an audience."

Blurt Magazine,80,"Filled with tearful ballads and ragged-trousered country, the Avetts' playing may not be the most technically accomplished but the feel they bring to Never Been Alive and Another Is Waiting is alone worth wading through their previously misfiring albums. [Jan 2014, p.96]"
Magnet,80,"The Avett Brothers are thankfully more interested in contemporary relevance than lockstep allegiance to dusty history. [No. 104, p.52]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"Magpie is chock full of tracks that show the Avett Brothers are (very wisely) growing their sound, while remaining true to their core principles and what listeners like about them to begin with."
Spin,80,"The Avett Brothers have established a singular style. And with it, a well-deserved reputation that assures their place among the best of the breed."
AllMusic,75,"North Carolina's Avett Brothers have filled Magpie and the Dandelion with taut, unaffected verses that dredge the past, weigh damage against possibility, and seek emergence through selflessness and emotional responsibility."
PopMatters,75,"When the band turns from evocative imagery to lyrics that just feel confusingly circuitous, Magpie loses its footing. [18 Oct 2013, p.65]"
Uncut,75,"But for the most part, Magpie provides us with another bundle of easygoing tunes from a band that seems to have a limitless supply."
Prefix Magazine,75,"Its a solid record that showcases all of The Avett Brothers talents and captures them, as well as their songwriting, in an interesting emotional place on their journey further down the road."
Under The Radar,70,"More hard-bitten and somberly reflective, Magpie exposes lyrics that tilt into hokey romanticism. But the craft is automatic."
The Independent (UK),70,"Perhaps the Avetts are best when they run a little bit loose and ragged, letting the tempos push a little bit hard, allowing their harmonies to clash and happy to have their loose ends remain untied. Often, this means that the ballads are just a shade too tidy."
Mojo,70,"The 11 tracks on Magpie and the Dandelion were recorded during the same Rick Rubin-produced sessions, and now stand as a well-timed response to those that found The Carpenter too weighty for its own good."
Uncut,60,"Not quite as organic as they seem, their perfection lacks taste despite its polish. [Jan 2014, p.117]"
The Telegraph (UK),60,"Their recognition of pop's ability to articulate its listeners' feelings, boost morale and offer guidance is the best and worst thing about them: they come across as honest and unaffected, but also self-regarding in their homespun wisdom, and far too quick with a cliche."
AllMusic,60,"Too many edges have been sanded off the brothers' music, and whether the blame lies with Rubin's influence or the accelerated writing pace, the result is an album devoid of the band's usual charming lyrics and adroit melodies."
BBC Music,50,"Its a decent bunch of leftovers and will likely appeal to Avetts dreamers who prefer the brothers serene and misty-eyed. For everyone else, Magpie and the Dandelion is competently played, handsomely arranged, and fairly boring."
musicOMH.com,50,"With just a little more time and some soul-searching, maybe the Avett Brothers can better incorporate the pop and solidify their newfound voice."
Rolling Stone,42,"These songs are nice and theyre pretty, but have no bite, no substance, and no real pizzazz."
Q Magazine,40,"There are too many plodding ballads, sentimental on the piano and heavy on the cymbals."

The Observer (UK),83,"This pretty collection brims with introspection about life and love, but it's hard not to wish that Lee would exercise a little less emotional restraint. [11 Oct 2013, p.72]"
Consequence of Sound,81,"Ranging from old-timey to reverential, soul to Appalachian, Mountain stands utterly his."
AllMusic,80,"[Lee delivers] some of the most impassioned performances he's ever recorded. [No. 104, p.58]"
Blurt Magazine,80,"It's Lee's talents as an insightful songwriter and soulful vocalist that beg your attention on Mountains of Sorrow, Rivers of Song."
Paste Magazine,70,"This is Lees fifth studio album. The good news is that he continues to explore new styles."
American Songwriter,60,"Ballads like 'Chill In The Air' and 'Burden' have a stately gait, but Lee is more engaging when he turns playful huckster. [Jan 2014, p.75]"
PopMatters,50,"He's unable to find his footing, whether as a blues, soul or country singer, and the end results are a bland pastiche of all three."
Slant Magazine,40,"His chops are pro and his delivery almost compulsively spot on, but he's far too thin on what singer-songwriters probably need most: their own point of view."
Mojo,70,"Sting the pop singer is clearly not returning any time soon--but for better or worse, he manages to shine on The Last Ship."
Boston Globe,70,"There is a whiff of condescension to some of the blue-collar anthems, the air is often haughty ('The Night the Pugilist Learned How to Dance')--but this is Sting's tightest collection of songs in ages, and they all play off each other, adding up to a cohesive whole that is surely one of his best latter-day records."
AllMusic,60,"It ends with a glorious resolution of two notes teased from Northumbrian pipes, so perfect and final that the reprise of The Last Ship seems redundant. Such honest moments make this album a worthwhile, if not fully rounded experience."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Unfortunately, the set doesnt quite command as a fully realized piece."
PopMatters,60,"Sting sounds earnest and isolated: like a man singing bleakly out to sea. But he veers towards hammy at times, laying his Geordie accent on a little too thickly."
Dusted Magazine,60,"The play won't open until next year, so for now all the drama in these songs is internal, and all the more riveting for that."
No Ripcord,60,"While it feels more a 'project' than an album--mainly because urbane Sting never quite nails the protagonists' desperation--he tells their stories with kindness and care."

Uncut,89,"Build Me Up From Bones calls on the same whimsical picking that earned her an early Grammy nomination for Best Country Instrumental Performance, while diversifying to great effect."
Consequence of Sound,80,"At what point does a child prodigy turn into a talent so exceptional that we no longer talk about age? Sarah Jaroszs third album answers that question in style (though just for the record, the banjo, guitar and mandolin supremo is now 22)."
The A.V. Club,80,"Jarosz lets her considerable instrumental prowess submit itself to serving the needs of her songs instead of merely adorning them with a precocious imagination. She can do this because she possesses not only self confidence in her material, but in her discernment, which is rare for a musician so young."
PopMatters,80,"Its a wild ride despite its generally non-electric trappings."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Her lyrics have a mystical streak, projecting love and loneliness across the landscape and the sky."
AllMusic,60,"With Build Me Up from Bones, Sarah Jarosz restores an earthy inventiveness to folk music--despite the violin and cello of her touring bandmates Alex Hargreaves and Nathaniel Smith tweaking the bluegrass settings with classical flavours that reflect the singers conservatory training"

Under The Radar,80,"In Vagrant Stanzas' 52 minutes, Simpson has taken us not only though the music of the British Isles and America, but through his own history, directly, honestly, and poetically."
Uncut,80,"What you get is pure and fluent Simpson musicianship."
Pitchfork,80,"Simpsons gentle deliveries benefit from his wealth of experience and mature understanding of the work, making for a richness that imbues all the songs--never more so than on Come Down Jehovah."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),80,"The best songs are his own."
No Ripcord,80,"Martin Simpson applies his dazzling fingerstyle technique to a broad range of material."

The Telegraph (UK),80,"Ggood voice is nothing without good songs, and Rateliff comes with plenty of ammunition on Falling Faster Than You Can Run."
Uncut,80,"Simple, unaffected songwriting with a direct emotional pull, Falling Faster Than You Can Run is swarming with undercurrents, with nuances that only become more marked over time."
Boston Globe,70,"Rateliff works best exploiting the depth and range of his voice against a spacious backdrop that doesnt have to be downtempo to be dull."
AllMusic,60,"At times, the album merely provides a straight-arrow version of more twisted talents. [Jan 2014, p.124]"
Blurt Magazine,60,"There's a lonely whippoorwill feel to Nathaniel Rateliff's second album, as though he wrote it all in a woodland clearing near the log cabin home of Bon Iver's For Emma, Forever Ago."

PopMatters,90,"Spare, affecting and hauntingly melodic, For The World is a timeless record, looking back only in a human, personal way--not to some lost golden age, but over a life lived, with all its ups and downs, losses and gains."
Austin Chronicle,80,"His voice retains a high pitched vulnerability, but the urgency of his reports from the flipside of hippiedom have softened into the sound of someone more comfortable with their place in the universe. [Sep 2013, p.48]"
AllMusic,80,"Askew's voice and tiple remain distinctively sui generis, as does the air of fairytale enchantment about his songs of children's dream, birds and fishes, city streetlife, blue-eyed babies and brown-eyed boys. [Oct 2013, p.61]"
Blurt Magazine,80,"Askew executes sad back-parlour arpeggios on a Hdusty, reverberant piano and his distinctive 10-stringed Martin tiple, his antediluvian voice as tremulous as Willie Nelson on a toning table."
Boston Globe,80,"Ed Askew will continue to write, observe, reflect, and create visions and words. This result is timeless enough to remain there if one wants it."

Paste Magazine,80,"No ones taking anything too seriously, but if this were a DVD it wouldnt be a surprise to see Ry flashing the biggest grin in the room."
Slant Magazine,80,"The set list's rather obvious and the interstitial chat goes on a bit, but the heart of the man is there to be heard."
Austin Chronicle,80,"For those who've longed for the return of his immediate, loose, warm, live recordings, Live at the Great American Music Hall is where it's at."
Country Weekly,80,"Ultimately, while not preferable to seeing a live Cooder performance in person, Live In San Francisco is a terrific encapsulation of an unlikely, remarkable career, one that has surprisingly only gotten stronger as Cooder has gotten older."
PopMatters,60,"An oddly uneven set. [Nov 2013, p.67]"
American Songwriter,60,"Cooder requires considerable forces to realise his amalgams of blues, rock, folk, reggae and Mexican music,  and here his band is expanded by the extraordinary, shrill horns of the 10-piece La Banda Juvenil."
Boston Globe,60,"Its that free-flowing vibe that helps make this seem more like an overdue reunion for the home town crowd as much as any attempt at a polished performance."

BBC Music,82,"It is a beautiful sleeplessness captured in Surrounded; in those channels and eddies, fans of his musical landscapes can drift for hours."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"His trademark lyrical honesty and sublime fingerpicking remain at the fore. [Oct 2013, p.99]"
PopMatters,80,"Buckners songwriting, both in the arrangements and vocals, is laser-focused on the development and exploration of his scorched-earth aesthetic. Together, they project it with grace, refinement, and skill."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"In short, dense, mesmerising, involving. [Oct 2013, p.63]"
Rolling Stone,77,"Surrounded is polished and persuasive enough that everyone should give it a try."
Mojo,75,"It arrives at the stripped-down mastery of Our Blood via a less circuitous route, and solidifies Buckner's grasp on what surely must be real Americana, in all its darkness, confusion and opacity. [Aug-Sep 2013, p.87]"
Blurt Magazine,70,"The Buckner of today is more minimalist, more streamlined, and he asks his listeners to put in a little more work.  Its only fair."
Uncut,70,"While Buckner's songs can be awe-inspiring (just ask Bon Iver's Justin Vernon), Surrounded, like its most recent predecessors, requires closer attention in order to fully appreciate."
The New York Times,70,"The results sound more natural than risky and the entire album finds a nice place between the direct and the obtuse."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"Buckners record is a vague reflection of something remarkably powerful, a beautiful mirror image of dreams, of dusty reminiscences and pleas that come too late."
The Observer (UK),60,"It's careful, like well worded advice, and typically careworn, but this ultimately cant disguise a lack of lyrical spark."
No Ripcord,60,"Surrounded as a minor spit-polish improvement on Our Blood is sure to please Buckners cultish devotees."
cokemachineglow,60,"The self-produced LP swirls drones and uncharacteristic electronics behind evanescent imagery. That it's hard to grasp just makes it more seductive."
Uncut,50,"Good as this is, it could be that much better."


Dusted Magazine,100,"It's music that slips between the generic niches favoured by broadcasters; but isn't that exactly where the most interesting music comes from?"
Pitchfork,90,"Pushin' Against The Stone is a rare case when a young artist's natural instincts are spot-on. As both a singer and songwriter, June is a major talent with unlimited potential."
AllMusic,89,"Pushin' Against a Stone showcases a stunning and unique new voice."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Pushin Against A Stone is an impressive calling card to the rest of the world that this, until now, under heralded artist is both an adept student of American folk music traditions and a modern day practitioner with perhaps preternatural talents."
The A.V. Club,80,"With exceptional production work courtesy of Dan Auerbach, Kevin Augunas, and Peter Sabak combined with Junes great gifts, Pushin Against a Stone is easily one of the years better albums."
Under The Radar,80,"As debuts go, this is a marvel by a singer and songwriter who has no desire to fit snugly into one category. Her talent isnt that easily contained."
PopMatters,80,"Valerie call this 'organic moonshine roots music'--it's the perfect phrase to sum up her glorious sound. [Jul 2013, p.88]"
Consequence of Sound,80,"Combined with June's remarkably careworn vocals--they suggest that the young Tennessean has been around the block more than once. [Jul 2013, p.77]"
Spin,80,"The album has a studied looseness that's never contrived, and it shows a poise and clarity of vision which her earlier efforts barely suggested"
Paste Magazine,76,"Most of the album was recorded at The Black Keys studio in Nashville and favors bluesy twangs, folksy fiddles and country slide guitars."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"Credit June's vinegary, slightly oddball vocals, equal parts Diana Ross and Dolly Parton, which guide each song like an old tractor retrofit with LED high beams: luminous, ancient, unstoppable."
Kerrang!,70,"Organic moonshine music she calls it, and no one could argue with that."
AllMusic,70,"Despite being a shade too long, this is a solid endeavor that asks many questions even as spins its tales."
PopMatters,60,"If there's a fault, the self-consciously retro production doesn't push her far enough. [Jul 2013, p.106]"

Chicago Tribune,100,"It sounds as relevant, fresh, vital and modern as if it were recorded this year. Its a classic in the making."
Boston Globe,85,"It's the sound of Griffin at an intriguing crossroads. [No. 104, p.56]"
Blurt Magazine,80,"Those acquainted with the slow and soulful pace of Griffin's recent work may be surprised by her ability to let rip here. [Dec 2013, p.69]"
PopMatters,80,"It is simultaneously inward and explosive, a record that demands close listening and certainly rewards the attention."
AllMusic,80,"It may not have a story of a lost classic, but it has the music of a freshly discovered treasure."
Rolling Stone,78,"With new mixes from original producer Glyn Johns (the Who, Rolling Stones, Led Zeppelin), Griffin's varied folk-rock collection marks another high-water mark in her beautifully arcing career."
BBC Music,75,"Silver Bell is generally best when its quietest, when Griffins vocals dont have to compete with a denser sound."
The Independent (UK),70,"Though Silver Bell meanders at times, 'Little God' (which might be about the devil) and the vengeful 'Sorry and Sad' pit her thoughtful, detailed lyrics and blue, reedy voice against tough Stones-in-the-bayou guitars."
PopMatters,60,"Produced by Daniel Lanois and newly mixed by Glyn Johns, theres a more soulful side to Griffin on the shuffling lament Sooner Or Later, while One More Girl veers towards the folky introspection of early Joni Mitchell."
The Guardian,60,"Intended as the follow-up to Griffins sophomore set Flaming Red, Silver Bell finds a young artist still determining her direction. Griffins furtive vocals dominate the album overall, but the settings shift dramatically throughout."

AllMusic,95,"[The songs] are nothing short of radiant, from the perfect vocals to the organic, full-bodied arrangements, from the heart-rending lyrics to the way that producer Charlie Peacock surrounds everything in a smoky ambiance."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),91,"Singer-songwriters Joy Williams and John Paul White brought in more instruments, added deeper textures and, in general, upped the intensity of the songwriting for their second effort."
The A.V. Club,83,"Even in the quieter moments, like Williams dreamy French lead vocal on Sacred Heart and album closer DArline, theres the sense that such raw, bare emotion has enabled The Civil Wars to delve deep to intricate details, but also to amplify the internal conflict to greater heights."
NOW Magazine,83,"While the result might seem a little like that awkward first post-split Christmas when Dad comes back and crashes on the couch, it turns out that, well, conflict suits them."
Q Magazine,80,"The Civil Wars improves upon its predecessor."
BBC Music,80,"Its edgy, but civil, and it looks like the war will rage on for the time being at least, regardless of the outcome of each emotional battle."
AllMusic,80,"The tension that fills The Civil Wars, giv[es] the songs a sense of weight and purpose that wasnt apparent on their 2011 debut, Barton Hollow."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Working with producer Charlie Peacock, in spite of discord, the pair refine and expand the sound they architected into a more intense take on their tortured (implied) sexual tension."
Rolling Stone,80,"It's unfortunate, really, since without any of that baggage [professional separation], The Civil Wars stands as a powerful and haunting collection that exemplifies Nashville's current fixation with slickly updating traditional themes."
Prefix Magazine,80,"The Civil Wars have gone from blithely conjuring a co-ed version of the Everly Brothers to making a tense, assertive Southern gothic album, complete with religious undertones, images of decaying locales, and tales of troubled relationships."
PopMatters,80,"The Civil Wars offers up 12 perfectly elegant, subtly arranged Americana songs of bad love, misplaced emotion, cheating hearts, fighting and fleeing."
American Songwriter,80,"Serene yet disturbed, this is album that progresses the band well."
Clash Music,80,"The Civil Wars proves more than capable of producing its own dark drama. [Sep 2013, p.79]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"The Civil Wars is a testament to the power of their undeniable musical chemistry. Its even better than their Grammy-winning debut, Barton Hollow."
Drowned In Sound,80,"There might not be a Poison & Wine here, but taken as a whole, The Civil Wars is a more consistent collection than Barton Hollow."
Pitchfork,76,"Its inability to be contained within one genre is the bands strength and triumph."
Mojo,75,"The Civil Wars is darker and more expansive than the group's sometimes-snoozy debut, with more varied tempos and instrumental contributions by Nashville pros."
Uncut,70,"Ultimately, the Civil Wars are impeccable craftsmen, taking weathered elements and repurposing them for something that feels new and never haunted by what came before."
musicOMH.com,70,"Darker and more intense than their Grammy-winning debut, their second LP solidifies a drama-heavy brand identity reflected in their band name."
Slant Magazine,65,"Whereas the debut evidenced White and Williams' exquisite knack for singing together, the set was somewhat heavy on ballads that sounded like they were made to soundtrack television dramas. The Civil Wars corrects this both in the song selection and in the way the compositions are delivered."
The Independent (UK),60,"It's the same stark template of vocals, acoustic guitars and assorted surprising adornments, but they save themselves from the overworthy trap by those voices. [Sep 2013, p.100]"
Under The Radar,60,"In spite of its two-headed musical harmony, the personal disharmony in The Civil Wars is all too evident. [Sep 2013, p.94]"
AllMusic,60,"The lasting sense left is of an unexplored potential which, if this is it for The Civil Wars, could be in its own messy way an appropriate swansong."
PopMatters,60,"At times, listening to The Civil Wars is like wading through a swamp of still-raw emotion. It is an album that is more haunted than haunting."
BBC Music,60,"The mordant songwriting redeems The Civil Wars."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),50,"This polite Americana mistakes solemnity for seriousness."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"This is a limping, bloodless version of The Civil Wars, and if the band is to have a future they need to fix their issues, or else learn to channel the damage better."
musicOMH.com,30,"Ultimately, The Civil Wars plays out lyrically insipid and completely oblivious to the fact that their vocals strive for meaningful but define overbearing."
Sputnikmusic,30,"Too often their over-earnest delivery is unbearable."

Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"With the distractions of Flynn's burgeoning acting career and the birth of his first child, Country Mile may not have been the great creative leap forward that some fans were hoping for, but this beautifully written album stands up to anything in his catalog."
Paste Magazine,80,"So despite some minor quibbles, this is a very accomplished album and one that shows Flynn well on his way to becoming the UKs next great folk troubadour."
Kerrang!,80,"Theres less barn-floor stomp than on previous albums, but Country Mile is still rousing, with trumpet, fiddle and much--occasionally dicey--harmonising."
The Guardian,70,"Country Mile is a fine album, testament to the smartly ornate take on English folk old and new as one and the same, but given Flynns own catalogue and his undoubted abilities it hasnt progressed as far as it could have done."
Alternative Press,70,"Flynn remains one of the countrys most overlooked songwriters and Country Mile is a good reminder of his skill with a well-crafted song."
AllMusic,60,"What, on the face of it, is an understated and straightforward folk fringe album, is actually, thanks to the guile of Flynn and long-time collaborator Adam Beach, an extremely clever and nuanced record. [Nov 2013, p.84]"
Spin,60,"The reggae-tinged 'Fol-de-rol' is a definite low, but elsewhere this is a competent, if unsurprising, effort. [Nov 2013, p.71]"
BBC Music,60,"Flynn and band are happy to be a little old-fashioned, but it can be fun to join them."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Despite the harvest festival charm that carries the record, its heart is here, at its starkest, most honest moments."
Rock Sound,50,"The Calexico-ish 'The Lady Is Risen' shows he can get close to a folky barnstormer, but on closer inspection the barn appears to be a set prop that might blow down in a stiff wind."
PopMatters,40,"An album that should have seen Flynn take a step closer to Messrs Marling and Mumford has, sadly, been moulded into a bit of a snoozefest. [Nov 2013, p.102]"

Clash Music,90,"Its aching honesty and immaculate balance prevents About Farewell from being just another break-up record, as Diane presents something to us lyrically raw but unafraid to sport obviously produced yet sentimentally appropriate musical flourishes, from strings to harmonizing female choruses, when the time comes."
Mojo,90,"Its a brave account of how you can fall out of love just as easily as you fell in. Like the first blush of a new romance, it is intoxicating."
Paste Magazine,90,"This is truly a marvelous creation."
PopMatters,80,"10 years if touring, recording and a recent divorce have provided enough grit, soul and burr with the sort of peculiarly exquisite pain that's grown up enough to register life's grand futilities. [Sep 2013, p.101]"
Mojo,80,"Disappointment and cautious optimism for the future, rather than recrimination, is About Farewell's weapon of choice, a welcome female counterpoint to, say, the bitterness of Bob Dylan's Blood On The Tracks or Josh Ritter's The Beast In Its Tracks. [Sep 2013, p.86]"
Pitchfork,80,"The album's a cathartic self-study, executed without drama, during a time of major personal upheaval, and it will truly resonate with anyone who's ever found themselves at the end of a relationship."
AllMusic,80,"Arrangements are simple and sparse, everything lightly touched, with only swells of strings and brushes of horn, harmonium and other instrumental colours buoying up her guitar and clear voice."
The A.V. Club,80,"Her ability to craft songs that are both delicate and incredibly powerful, along with her stunning, effortless voice prevent the honesty from being alienating."
AllMusic,80,"About Farewell is a sincere depiction of the quiet, resolute acceptance of mid- to long-term misery."
Paste Magazine,73,"Alela Diane hasnt upended the form, but that probably wasnt her intent. What she needed was a port in a storm, and About Farewell is a very sturdy bulwark."
PopMatters,70,"Elegant is the way the record confines Dianes sadness to the past. It doesnt wallow, it reassesses."
BBC Music,70,"About Farewell is a gentle, rueful, often beautiful record. [Aug 2013, p.75]"
Prefix Magazine,60,"Pleasant, sad, classy and thoughtful. No more than that."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),60,"Her fourthcorrect, country-tinged album is no mere musical mope, but features writerly vignettes and restrained introspection."

No Ripcord,80,"This is a record that repays multiple listens, and may prove to be The Deep Dark Woods most enduring album yet."
Mojo,80,"There may be plenty of the same things here, but they're executed superbly."
Uncut,80,"Jubilee is their best album yet, and may very well be remembered as the most sincere release of 2013."
Paste Magazine,70,"These are songs that build in slow, flowing layers held together by dusky, swirling keyboard parts and Boldt's low, everyman baritone vocals."
AllMusic,60,"As it is, Jubilee feels like a long, slow dirge."
Mojo,80,"This is effectively juxtaposed with ominous understatement, and the shifting moods, combined with varied instrumentation including harmonium, banjo and electric piano, make for an intriguing, satisfying listen."
Country Weekly,80,"Pretty, poignant and educational, too. [Aug 2013, p.71]"
The Telegraph (UK),80,"Overall, Bugbears is an album that reveals something new on repeat listens."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"Beyond Bugbears' supplementary nature, it's a coherent collection of songs, a window to a period closer in time and temperament to our own than we imagine."
PopMatters,70,"History has rarely been so engaging."
American Songwriter,60,"Bugbears is a rich and warming curio, and there's something quietly noble about Hayman dragging the thoughts of these long-dead writers back into the light. [Aug 2013, p.93]"


Austin Chronicle,80,"Ambitious and beautifully wrought, Dear River should mark Barker's entry into the big leagues. [Sep 2013, p.98]"
Slant Magazine,80,"Its the kind of record that leaves no stone unturned and surely, during the playback sessions, a warm swell of pride must have risen from within all those involved. And rightly so."
Uncut,70,"Barker's fourth album has a clean, rootsy feel. [Aug 2013, p.67]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Dear River finds the Australian and her all-female band flexing bigger muscles, producing a much fuller sound thats closer to the powerful noise they make on stage."
American Songwriter,60,"Dear River is an interesting collection but, while pretty, these songs sometimes sound a little too slick or obvious."
Rolling Stone,60,"It's all very pleasant, but the quality of her storytelling gets lost."
The New York Times,100,"Magnificent. [Nov 2013, p.121]"
Slant Magazine,100,"These 17 discs comprise every Island studio album, each with generous extras, plus standalone discs of genuine historical worth."
AllMusic,90,"Ultimately, no matter how heated the exchanges between Martyn and his fans could be during concerts, the respect between audience and performer was total and it was loyal--the same punters who would complain the loudest would be at the very next show. It is for these people, those who knew his true worth as an artist who The Island Years was created for and will appeal to most."
Country Weekly,90,"All told, The Island Years contains an embarrassment of riches and must rank as amongst the most exhaustive and impressive undertakings of its kind; its the kind of towering tribute Martyns talents richly deserve. However, its hard to figure out who its intended for exactly."
PopMatters,80,"The raging fires of Martyn's talent roar through the mix. [Nov 2013, p.97]"
Paste Magazine,80,"If you can bear the canonical duplicates, the seldom played discs, and, above all, the cost, this is a box no John Martyn fan can do without. [Nov 2013, p.96]"
Slant Magazine,80,"You may well own these already, but the value of this collection is as a portrait of the artist through time, and a compilation of the irresistible outpourings of a man who never really knew who he was. [Nov 2013, p.83]"
American Songwriter,80,"Devotees will not be disappointed."
PopMatters,80,"It's expensive but for Martyn fans it will offer hours and hours of fresh enjoyment of one of British folk's true greats."


Tiny Mix Tapes,100,"Wood is one of our finest songwriters, a brilliant exponent of the topical troubadour form, and rarely on better form than he is with None the Wiser."
AllMusic,80,"Whether it's the horrors of recognising yourself in an obnoxious younger person, his downbeat but defiant re-working of Jerusalem or the uncharacteristically optimistic The Wolfless Years, it's still the words that really stay with you. [Aug 2013, p.93]"
Consequence of Sound,80,"His latest album is remarkable for the settings as much as the lyrics."
BBC Music,60,"A move into electric guitar, Hammond organ and bass bring mixed results. [Aug 2013, p.79]"
Mojo,60,"Though a new fondness for electric guitar and Hammond organ adds buoyancy to material like A Whole Life Lived, the album too often trades his former wit for bitterness."

The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"Sting the pop singer is clearly not returning any time soon--but for better or worse, he manages to shine on The Last Ship."
musicOMH.com,70,"There is a whiff of condescension to some of the blue-collar anthems, the air is often haughty ('The Night the Pugilist Learned How to Dance')--but this is Sting's tightest collection of songs in ages, and they all play off each other, adding up to a cohesive whole that is surely one of his best latter-day records."
The Guardian,60,"It ends with a glorious resolution of two notes teased from Northumbrian pipes, so perfect and final that the reprise of The Last Ship seems redundant. Such honest moments make this album a worthwhile, if not fully rounded experience."
Uncut,60,"Unfortunately, the set doesnt quite command as a fully realized piece."
The Independent (UK),60,"Sting sounds earnest and isolated: like a man singing bleakly out to sea. But he veers towards hammy at times, laying his Geordie accent on a little too thickly."
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"The play won't open until next year, so for now all the drama in these songs is internal, and all the more riveting for that."
AllMusic,60,"While it feels more a 'project' than an album--mainly because urbane Sting never quite nails the protagonists' desperation--he tells their stories with kindness and care."
PopMatters,100,"The recovering dope fiend's songs cut even closer to the heart. [Aug 2013, p.104]"
New Musical Express (NME),100,"The good folks at Shout Factory didnt opt to only offer these discs a second time around, but instead provided added enticement via two bonus extras, a stunning live recording from Nashvilles Polk Theater, recorded around the same time as I Feel Alright, and a live DVD from the Cold Creek Correctional Facility where Earle had earlier been incarcerated."
BBC Music,90,"These recordings are the sound of a man back in the game and ready to pounce. [No. 100, p.52]"
Q Magazine,90,"While it doesnt include some of his best post-jail efforts, the set documents the beginning of one of the greatest second acts in rock history."
Uncut,90,"With the incentive of live material for old fans and the sheer brilliance on offer when these records are taken together, The Warner Bros. Years is a powerful testament to Earle's second act."
Mojo,80,"The album [El Corazon], and by relation the whole Warner Bros Years boxset, is a confident announcement not of return but of complete rejuvenation."

musicOMH.com,80,"The group has managed to retain a sense of innocence, freshness and pure joy in the act of creation. [No. 100, p.59]"
The Guardian,80,"An affecting release, it demands repeated plays, emerging as canorous, sly and bewitching. [Aug 2013, p.90]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"Turbines has them sounding more like a band and less like a studio project, but around their psychedelic boy-girl harmonies, circling guitar lines and insidiously weird lyrics, there are still plenty of analogue gurgles and swoops and strange, dubwise production finesse"
The Telegraph (UK),80,"In fact, far from feeling like a tired riff on an established formula, Turbines might just be the most definitive Tunng record yet."
Pitchfork,80,"Somehow, Turbines suggests both consolidation and progress. [Jul 2013, p.83]"
Spin,80,"Remarkably, Turbines makes the right choices at almost every turn, never meandering or spending too much time indulging one idea but instead leaving just enough unsaid to keep drawing the listener back."
The Independent (UK),80,"It's such a nuanced album that it can feel undemonstrative, with even the choruses lacking impact--but that, too, typifies a place where nothing is what it first seems."
The Guardian,70,"Its reassuring to note that, now five albums in, Tunng continue to distill and refine their sound, honing their craft to create their most accomplished album yet."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"Their fifth album (strung together by a loose concept about an imagined village you neednt worry about) is as softly satisfying as a bobbly old jumper. One with thumbholes."
The Telegraph (UK),70,"Tunng have been moving towards this downbeat place slowly, and their arrival here shows a real cohesion in them as songwriters and as a band. Its less the sound of a band losing their edge and more the sound of them finding their zen."
Mojo,60,"Whilst the prettiness in Tunngs music can often be deceiving, it can also become a little oppressive after a while. The sound world can feel a little too bright and cute."
musicOMH.com,60,"It's Tunng's most direct effort yet, eschewing the folktronic bricolage of albums like Good Arrows; but there's plenty happening beneath the surface."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),40,"As it stands, the lack of genuine emotion here does the musical invention shown on Turbines a disservice, and ultimately delivers Tunng's least satisfactory album to date. [Aug 2013, p.107]"

The Independent (UK),90,"His keen insights into human nature and todays America are revealed in melodic, deeply-felt tunes on Still Fighting The War, which ranks as one of the years best singer-songwriter albums."
Delusions of Adequacy,89,"He's become a master craftsman on the order of Guy Clark and John Prine."
Q Magazine,80,"He is a great storyteller and Still Fighting is littered with broken war veterans, bruised lovers and others thrown on to life's scrap heap. [Aug 2013, p.95]"
Uncut,80,"It's not morose--his voice is too engaging, his songs (and band) too good. [Jul 2013, p.92]"
AllMusic,60,"Delivered with conviction and defiance these timely tunes benefit from the input of longtime pal and collaborator Rod Picott. [Jul 2013, p.72]"
Filter,60,"He sounds like an old master these days, crafting material that would sound equally affecting if they came from the pen of Guy Clark, Jimmie Dale Gilmore, Steve Earle, Alejandro Escovedo or any of several weathered and revered troubadours who blazed the path before him."

Under The Radar,80,"There are 19 songs here, and at some point one feels replete, but they are concise--some in the manner of a sketch that leaves options open, others more decisive, like the sharp coastline vista once the morning fog has cleared."
Spin,80,"On Big Sur, Frisell delivers an inspired musical portrayal of the land, sky, sea, and wildlife of the region with majesty, humor, and true sophistication."
musicOMH.com,80,"Frisell's consistent inventiveness is remarkable, and Big Sur sounds as close to essential as most of his recent work."
The Guardian,75,"It all sounds entirely of Bill Frisells unique world, yet still like a previously undiscovered land that sounds well worth a visit."
Chicago Tribune,60,"Sometimes I wish that the puree were a little less smooth, a little less like wallpaper, and thats the case with Big Sur. But its still a lovely experience, made by one of the masters we have with us in this age."

The A.V. Club,80,"O'Donovan has a fragile, heart-melting voice and is a fine songwriter. [Sep 2013, p.88]"
Austin Chronicle,80,"The production work by the celebrated Tucker Martine is sometimes too lush, but there are some fine songs here."
The Observer (UK),80,"Gentle pedal-steel weepies and shimmering, folk-rock beauty are testament to her new-found freedom. [Sep 2013, p.92]"
PopMatters,80,"There are neat pedal steel guitar threads, horns, electric guitar and it's clear she is entirely comfortable with her producer, Tucker Martine."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Fossils is not only an auspicious debut, but one that lives up to, and at times even exceeds, the promise of its potential."
Pitchfork,80,"Its a terrific and enriching listen, especially with headphones, where the singers supple voice and imaginative lyrics along with Martines sympathetic production dovetail with an effortless grace."
The A.V. Club,60,"It's not all restrained and even if in parts it sails too close to generic Americana, there's much evidence here that O'Donovan is one to keep an eye on. [Aug 2013, p.103]"
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"Fossils remains uniformly subdued throughout. Yet, its hardly as dry as the album title might imply."
No Ripcord,60,"The polished sound, when combined with O'Donovan's occasionally wispy vocals and recessed guitar, fails to propel the album. It lacks both weight and momentum, or at least enough mood to set Fossils apart."

Sputnikmusic,100,"Its certainly the best down-to-earth storytelling item to emerge in ages."
Consequence of Sound,80,"It's delivered with such warmth and skill that reservations fade, and the delight of hearing a band do something very well takes over."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"It's a fine effort in a heavily populated field. [Jul 2013, p.76]"
Filter,70,"Yet despite its flaws, this is still an impressively confident debut from a band that sound far older than their years."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),60,"The debut set from New Albany's Houndmouth suggests there's more to them than nice skinny jeans. [Aug 2013, p.88]"
Pitchfork,60,"If From The Hills doesn't quite have the swing and swagger of 2012's self-titled EP, it shouldn't be hard to recapture that promise next time around. [Jul 2013, p.105]"
cokemachineglow,60,"The four-pieces debut is a forcefully soulful affair."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"So while there's nothing vastly wrong with From The Hills Below The City, there's also nothing vastly right."
NOW Magazine,50,"The by-the-numbers production goes hand in hand with the bandmembers' tailored playing and thickly stylized vocals, hitting all the marks of emphatic country-enamored rock on tracks like the Toupin-fronted 'Houston Train,' a tale of being strung out, riding the hard-luck rails."

Drowned In Sound,100,"Once I Was An Eagle represents a bold, adventurous step forward thats resulted in her most fulfilling work yet."
Uncut,100,"Once I Was an Eagle is a work that demands to be taken as a whole, another reminder of the peculiar power of the album form, despite frequent premature declarations of its redundancy."
The New York Times,100,"Once I Was An Eagle is a masterpiece, and, at 23, shes still only getting started."
AllMusic,91,"Once I Was an Eagle is a singular achievement: a haunting record, peopled with aural ghosts that come gradually crawling from out of the grooves."
BBC Music,91,"Eagle is a master class in creation."
Spin,90,"There are two primary things that make Once I Was An Eagle take flight: Lyrics and progression, which together make the album intelligent, confident, and, perhaps most importantly, recursive."
The Guardian,90,"Everything feels full and complete, with each song taking a life of its own, while still contributing equally as much to the larger concept."
Austin Chronicle,90,"Once I Was an Eagle is a bold work that, in theory, shouldnt work--a lengthy, near-concept album about emotional availability--but Marling makes it into one of the years essential releases."
Los Angeles Times,90,"Both as a songwriter and as a performer, Laura Marling has never soared so majestically."
Prefix Magazine,90,"For its cohesive tone and the ease with which it plumbs the darkest recesses of Marling's consciousness, Once I Was an Eagle is close to a masterpiece, a heavenly composition with just enough hell to keep things from feeling too familiar."
Paste Magazine,90,"Once I Was An Eagle sets a high bar."
New Musical Express (NME),90,"The narrative drawn by Marling throughout is at times heart-stopping, segues and recurrent motifs creating effortless enjambment."
CMJ,90,"Its a work thats beautifully single minded, but may be a little too much of an undertaking for some. Whats inescapable is that its the sound of a person bravely questioning her place in the world, often in inspired fashion."
Rolling Stone,90,"Its the longest and best Laura Marling record yet."
Dusted Magazine,90,"Rarely since the Laurel Canyon heyday of CSNY, Jackson Browne et al, has the confessional mode been quite so unashamedly mined for artistic ore. [Jun 2013, p.68]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"Without doubt, this is one of the folk albums of the year."
Q Magazine,85,"The result is not only her most honest and personal album to date but also her most affecting."
The Wire,85,"Marling has delivered Once I Was an Eagle with a charisma lacking in most of her peers, and the poise of a far older hand."
Under The Radar,81,"Its expansive and ambitious, and divorced of all the tweedy preening and aw-shucks raggediness the idea of folk has accumulated in recent years. It's dark, its angry, its even sexy, in a sly, subtle way."
The Independent (UK),80,"Eagle is definitely Marlings most considered work, and most of that comes simply from the fact shes stripped away a lot of the decoration, and yet ultimately it feels easy for her, if not a little predictable."
Slant Magazine,80,"Although the songs carry recurring tropes of eagles, devils and the sea, as well as her signature intricate guitar picking, the most haunting aspect is--considering this accomplishment--realizing the potential that is yet to come."
PopMatters,80,"It's a warm, lightly psychedelic sound reminiscent of British strum god Bert Jansch and the quieter moments on Led Zeppelin III, less a soundtrack for Sunday brunch and more a place to get lost in, though our host herself isn't interested in hiding."
musicOMH.com,80,"Youd be hard-pressed to name another songwriter who sounded so fully formed at such a tender age."
Mojo,80,"Everything just gets better and better with Marling."
Sputnikmusic,80,"With a lilting piano, soft strums, and the pats of a bongo at most, Once I Was An Eagle strips the art of Marling down to her barest."
Boston Globe,80,"While her peers may be filling arenas with banjo anthems, Marling has long freed herself from that particular pigeonhole and presents another collection of songs that showcases her astounding talent."
Uncut,80,"There are a couple of moments where she still feels like the sum total of a very tasteful record collection, where she struggles to make herself heard over the echoes of Joni Mitchell and Dylan's thin wild mercury sound. More often, though, she cuts through her influences, and rings out loud and clear; when she does, it's a very diverting sound indeed."
Rolling Stone,80,"As well executed as the latter half is, it can feel a mite unsatisfying compared to the stripped-down stuff that sits at the top of the album. [Jun 2013, p.85]"
American Songwriter,80,"Once I Was An Eagle is entirely Laura Marling's trip--beautiful, heartfelt, searching, sublime, and thrillingly open-ended. [Jun 2013, p.92]"
Pitchfork,75,"With Once I Was An Eagle, she's finally made a record that matches the magnitude of her vision, and puts her well ahead of almost any twentysomething singer-songwriter peer working today."
AllMusic,75,"Once I Was An Eagle is Marling's most fully-realized release yet, a quasi-conceptual record that traces a path from naivety through harsh experience and eventually to consequent enlightenment."
PopMatters,74,"Its easily the most charming shes ever been--she's no master hunter, but she doesn't need to be."
BBC Music,70,"Marling is the gutsiest of chamber folkies. [No.99, p.57]"
musicOMH.com,70,"Her voice is the headliner: Miked so close you can smell the cigarettes on her breath, it's sultry, wise, rueful and unapologetic, connecting a 1960s singer-songwriter tradition to the ache of the now."
The Guardian,70,"Marling is an old soul through and through, and her remarkably timeless voice, idiosyncratic lyrics, and increasingly impressive guitar chops help to elevate the album's less immediate moments, and while some may argue that her increasingly Americanized, Pacific coast folk-pop can feel a little like fan fiction, it doesn't make it any less enjoyable to sink your toes into."
AllMusic,70,"Theres definitely still some fine moments in what follows ['Little Love Caster' and 'Devil's Resting Place']--theres certainly plenty more of everything in a record that stretches towards the hour mark-- but it never quite reaches those early heights again, which are possibly as high as Marling has reached in her career thus far."

Uncut,82,"No longer fumbling through novice flubs, Bright Sunny South features the most accomplished musicianship of Amidons career."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"Though other instruments emerge from their corners their sparing deployments against Amidon's fragile voice lends them a far greater power, like vivid flourishes of colour in a starkly monochrome film.  [Jun 2013, p.92]"
Spin,80,"Theres a melancholic elegance in Amidons pieces that express nuanced forms of sadness, and as demonstrated in songs like Short Life and Pharaoh, sublime chamber arrangements spruce up those feelings of sorrow."
Q Magazine,80,"Bright Sunny South is Amidon's sixth solo effort and like previous releases, the key to the album's potency lies in how the Brattleboro, Vermont, native creates emotional dichotomies and then bridges the expansive gulfs in between."
BBC Music,80,"It is not one thing (folk) or the other (post-rock, post-classical experiment) or even, really a blend of the two, but rather something fresh and idiosyncratic and worth exploring."
Pitchfork,80,"Amidon has honed his music's suspenseful edge. [Jun 2013, p.90]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"Its a combination [simultaneously sound contemporary and old-time] that has been present in his music from day one and Bright Sunny South proves its one that still reaps significant dividends."
AllMusic,80,"Bright Sunny South doesn't stray too far from Amidon's previous work, but still suggests his development in its gorgeous production, increasingly deft arrangements, and a general sense of greater confidence and vision throughout the record."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"A strange but compelling set."
PopMatters,77,"He not only has an impressively deep knowledge of traditional song forms, but takes liberties with the country's past in order to document his own personal present."
Mojo,75,"What he does well here, and has always done well, is to embody traditional music; its harmony, its lyrical themes, and at the same time imbue the music with a vitality that never feels forced or disrespectful of its roots."
Uncut,70,"Amidon sounds equally curious about the songs he picked up from his parents as he is about those he picked up from the radio; so naturally, juxtaposition plays a huge role in this album."
The Guardian,70,"The track [Weeping Mary] isnt as simple as it seems, yet it works nicely as just-a-folk-song, the sort of approach that Amidons been refining for a decade now. Bright Sunny South is full of these unhurried, easy moments, and succeeds because of it."
musicOMH.com,70,"As ever, Amidon mediates between the folk music of his ancestry and the popular music of his day, finding a unique modernity in his marrying of past and present."
AllMusic,70,"With Bright Sunny South, Amidon has taken a huge step forward as a folk artist, creating arrangements which preserve his musicianship, while deepening the maturity of his interpretive skills."
Pitchfork,60,"Amidons plaintive, boyish vocals make up in character what they lack in uniqueness."

Uncut,91,"These are so fine you don't mind listening again. And as you do, you start noticing how deftly Brett negotiates lines and stanzas that aren't as blockish as their meter and his voice make you think. And then you listen to this uningratiating music some more."
Dusted Magazine,83,"A penchant for mid-tempo country ballads has sometimes made Handsome Family albums seem too similar, and while Wilderness doesnt stray far from that template, it stays lively by weaving in a wealth of other styles, including Beatles-esque pop, bossa nova rhythm, and traditional American folk."
PopMatters,80,"Wilderness quickly makes it clear that the passing of time hasn't dampened down their taste for the macabre mysteries if existence. [Jul 2013, p.105]"
The Wire,80,"Little known natural wonders are gleaned from Rennie's witty and offbeat stories.... Meanwhile, Brett's deep bow-saw of a voice has never sounded so sonorous. [Jun 2013, p.87]"
PopMatters,80,"The animal kingdom looms large but human experience is still at the core of Rennie's surreal couplets, given added portent by Brett's compellingly mournful baritone. [Jun 2013, p.73]"
The Guardian,70,"The album moves slowly, yes, but its never boring, and the songs once again open doors to a strange and fascinating new world."
musicOMH.com,70,"Wilderness, the tenth long-player from the New Mexico-based husband-and-wife team of Brett and Rennie Sparks (The Handsome Family) lives up to its ecological moniker with a 12-track set that invokes both nature and nurture, with an emphasis on the shady bits in between."
The New York Times,60,"Wilderness uses wildlife traits as jumping-off points for enigmatic tales in typical Handsome Family manner."
Uncut,50,"A concept where every title is a different animal should've wielded funnier, more songful results. [No.98, p.55]"

BBC Music,80,"This is an album of easeful warmth, the sound of an ever restless, exploratory musician coming home. [Jul 2013, p.94]"
AllMusic,80,"His pieces for banjo, like the revenant lyricism of the title track, are charming, moist eyed miniatures. [Jun 2013, p.74]"
Q Magazine,77,"Aspiring guitarists might need the alternate tuning suggestions, but listeners wont really need the anecdotes. Rather, Jones puts it all right there in the pieces, speaking volume about the challenges and triumphs of growing up and older without singing a word of the blues."
Mojo,70,"More cohesive and profound at times than the records that preceded it, the album sets a tone masterfully, and lingers contentedly and without rush, allowing the listener to drop in and sit for a spell with Jones as he ruminates on his various lush instrumental moods."
Uncut,70,"Now with My Garden State, the blending of styles is even more finely ground. Its anything but primitive."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Written while staying in the New Jersey house in which he grew up, the record isnt so much nostalgic as wistful, as if Jones was surveying the streets he used to walk with good memories but no desire to relive the past."

musicOMH.com,100,"American Kid is a triumph of songwriting and expressive singing."
The A.V. Club,100,"Patty Griffin has clearly been saving the best of her own material for a long time, making this perhaps her finest hour."
Sputnikmusic,90,"American Kid successfully recaptures Griffins acoustic roots in haunting and moving fashion."
Filter,90,"One of the best albums of the year so far."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),90,"With its immediacy, economy, cagey strength, and vulnerability, Griffin delivers these 12 songs not as gifts or statements, but as her own evidence of what is, what was, and what yet may come."
Drowned In Sound,90,"Taking emotional truths and cutting to the quick, her razor-sharp sense of detail has never been sharper."
Mojo,85,"Intensely personal and musically powerful, Griffin captures the bold spirit of her family's history with top-notch songs. [No.99, p.56]"
No Ripcord,80,"It's her devastating voice and ear for the smallest details that ultimately makes all the difference. [Jul 2013, p.104]"
NOW Magazine,80,"A compelling experience."
Consequence of Sound,80,"A triumph."
Slant Magazine,80,"If it can be said that Griffin has been toiling in the shadow of Emmylou Harris, then American Kid is the long-overdue moment that puts the full range of her talent on display."
CMJ,80,"Griffin digs deep into introspective lyrics, some with historical references, to display her distinctive vocals and original songs with stripped down arrangements that use space and the silence between notes to create shimmering music you wont soon forget."
Pitchfork,70,"Her unusual harmonies with Plant on 'Highway Song' and the hypnotic 'Ohio' match anything from his celebrated Raising Sand LP."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"It's a record that manages to sound deeply affectionate without being sentimental. [Jun 2013, p.70]"
PopMatters,67,"There are points when Kid feels a little boxed; 'Mom & Dad's Waltz' plays trite in the indicated time signature, and 'Wild Old Dog' delves too far into its God-as-errant-mutt metaphor. Nevertheless, Griffin re-emerges with her best foot forward, sparse folk for the working man ('Faithful Son')."

New Musical Express (NME),80,"Here on The Still Life she has begun to solidify and challenge her undoubted songwriting ability."
Under The Radar,80,"An engagingly simple and yet sophisticated third album, full of elegant melodies, shuffling percussion and bewitching Marling-esque vocals. [May 2013, p.67]"
AllMusic,70,"Its definitely a progression from her last album into a more profound and polished sound."
Q Magazine,70,"Arks sonic palette has broadened to encompass both ethnic instruments and contemporary sound effects."
BBC Music,70,"In total, The Still Life is a spry and rewarding sonic balm that doesnt outstay its welcome."
Tiny Mix Tapes,65,"While there is nothing astounding or extraordinary about The Still Life, what it does is indicate that Alessi Laurent-Marke is a songwriter and musician who already shows a real promise of creating something very special later on in her career."
Uncut,60,"One to bask in. [May 2013, p.94]"
AllMusic,50,"For all too many, however, The Still Life is just too pedestrian and unmemorable to truly recommend in the crowded field of talented singer-songwriters."
Los Angeles Times,40,"Laurent-Marke's facility for pleasant minor-key ruminations remain her strong suit, but the 'stillness' of which she speaks all too often sounds like a stifling lack of urgency. [May 2013, p.85]"

PopMatters,90,"It's a denser, darker album than 2011's S/T II: The Cosmic Birth and Journey of Shinju TNT, spending more of its time gazing outward, intent on gleeful subversion and taking delight in making noise for the hell of it. [No. 98, p.52]"
Slant Magazine,90,"Sub Verses offers such a disciplined sense of exploration, multivalent nuance, and commitment in its production and performance; it stands out in an already very distinguished catalog."
Mojo,80,"Akron/Family's seventh album proffers 10 diversely arranged slabs of leftfield clamour, all of them shot through with a contrasting pop-classicist melodic sensibility. [May 2013, p.90]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,75,"Themes and aims aside, Sub Verses is simply an example of Akron/Familys continued good run of form, and undoubted confidence."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Sub Verses proves we shouldn't take Akron/Family for granted; their restlessness is rare."
Paste Magazine,70,"Having spent so much time racing from one experiment to the next, its fun to hear the band settle in and take stock in its own legacy."
Chicago Tribune,70,"Some of the extremes on the album feel awkward--the heavy metal too heavy, the loops of death overlooped, the calm too suddenly silent--but overall it is a deep, yawning collection of exciting musical experiments to dunk yourself into."
Billboard.com,70,"The explosion continues here, infused with a bit more darkness than these guys typically conjure up--heaviness, even. [Mar-Apr 2013, p.90]"
Expert Witness (MSN Music),68,"Akron/Family are never going to stop changing and you never really know what youre gonna get, but they could perhaps do with a bit more cohesiveness and bit less grandiosity next time around."
Mojo,67,"As a whole, the transitions are a bit choppy and sudden, digging away at the coherence of the album."
The Telegraph (UK),60,"Six albums in, they remain fond of that very Swans pursuit of ecstasy through repetition. [Jul 2013, p.69]"
AllMusic,60,"The trio continue on that trajectory, the mystic chanting and ceremonial trances dancing through the scattering ash. Due to that cratered impact, everything on the album sounds urgent, an exhilarating feeling that takes a while to escape."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),60,"Its a beautiful, often striking temple, one with some wonderful surprises. In the end, though, youre outside that temple listening in, the visitor that never quite gets to come inside."
Uncut,60,"Sub Verses may be genre hopping, but its not a particularly challenging listen as compared to its predecessors, albums that were both challenging and fun."
The New York Times,60,"Even if this album is only for a limited audience, it's the sound of a band pushing onwards and upwards into the blue. [May 2013, p.94]"

American Songwriter,80,"Its a breath of air... and, mostly, that air is crystalline fresh."
PopMatters,80,"A no-nonsense, classy set."
BBC Music,80,"Fans of Led Zep III should take a thoughtful interest."
The Independent (UK),70,"Each presents a very traditional, very organically energetic arrangement of a folk standard performed by undeniably contemporary musicians--emphasizing just how current many of these songs have come to sound."
The A.V. Club,60,"Broken  Down Gentlemen is unshowy and classily-executed folk. [Apr 2013, p.101]"
Rolling Stone,60,"This will make a happy memento of a rollicking show, but set against the invention and distinctive voices elsewhere in folk, it;s rather marking time. [May 2013, p.71]"

Spin,80,"Hubcap Music is a seasoned, mostly joyous affair rooted in Seasick's fully paid dues. [Jun 2013, p.85]"
Austin Chronicle,80,"The songwriting basks in his love of music, freedom, friendship, dogs and tractors. [Jun 2013, p.78]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Hubcap Music finds Seasick Steve back on form, with an album steeped in gritty boogie and even grittier attitude."
NOW Magazine,73,"For better and for worse, Hubcap Music seems to announce that the man from another time has finally made it to the present."
Slant Magazine,70,"Recycled though some of these tales may be--his notable past tends to weave its way into much of his work--sung with his Southern drawl and playful hollers, Seasick Steve just about has the charm and vigour to carry them through."
Pitchfork,60,"Some fans may miss the hobo simplicity of yore. [Summer 2013, p.92]"
Filter,60,"The blues boogie tunes arent quite up to par, but its still a goody bag filled with enough treats to please fans."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),30,"Avoid this tosh at all costs."


AllMusic,80,"Ashers deft work provides breathing room between the instruments, Martins subtle playing leaves the showboating behind and the trio delivers a modest gem."
Boston Globe,80,"It may seem an unlikely match, but Martin and Brickell bring out the best in each other. [Jun 2013, p.93]"
cokemachineglow,80,"It works beautifully. [Jun 2013, p.75]"
Paste Magazine,80,"This is a sweet-sounding album with subtle depths, not really bluegrass, but a precisely gentle folk album that grows more graceful and revealing with each listen."
Spin,60,"The songs tap folk tradition without getting stuck in it; theyre full of struggling lovers, an 84 Ford, a baby in a suitcase and some memorable melodies."
Austin Chronicle,60,"Simple but lovely."
Mojo,50,"This album clearly had the potential to be more than merely enjoyable. Its failure to be something greater sticks in the craw."
Uncut,46,"Precious and self-indulgent, this disc is bound for the sale rack at Starbucks."

Under The Radar,89,"Build Me Up From Bones calls on the same whimsical picking that earned her an early Grammy nomination for Best Country Instrumental Performance, while diversifying to great effect."
Uncut,80,"At what point does a child prodigy turn into a talent so exceptional that we no longer talk about age? Sarah Jaroszs third album answers that question in style (though just for the record, the banjo, guitar and mandolin supremo is now 22)."
The Independent (UK),80,"Jarosz lets her considerable instrumental prowess submit itself to serving the needs of her songs instead of merely adorning them with a precocious imagination. She can do this because she possesses not only self confidence in her material, but in her discernment, which is rare for a musician so young."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"Its a wild ride despite its generally non-electric trappings."
Spin,70,"Her lyrics have a mystical streak, projecting love and loneliness across the landscape and the sky."
AllMusic,60,"With Build Me Up from Bones, Sarah Jarosz restores an earthy inventiveness to folk music--despite the violin and cello of her touring bandmates Alex Hargreaves and Nathaniel Smith tweaking the bluegrass settings with classical flavours that reflect the singers conservatory training"
American Songwriter,100,"The dark matter of his fall that holds The Graceless Age together is formidable stuff. [Jun 2013, p.85]"
PopMatters,100,"I don't expect to hear a better album this year."
The Telegraph (UK),90,"This is what The Graceless Age as a whole does so unforgettably, bearing witness to a burning world. [Sep 2012, p.70]"
Country Weekly,90,"There are standouts everywhere."
Paste Magazine,80,"As harrowing and honest as some lyrics may be, though, the intensely beautiful Southern Sky at least offers his 'crooked arms' some redemption. [Sep 2012, p.104]"
Austin Chronicle,60,"Fans of Springsteen's downer side might flow with the music's riverine vibe."
Uncut,60,"Its a well-crafted debut from a worthy new artist, but its competent rather than compelling."



AllMusic,80,"In Vagrant Stanzas' 52 minutes, Simpson has taken us not only though the music of the British Isles and America, but through his own history, directly, honestly, and poetically."
Filter,80,"What you get is pure and fluent Simpson musicianship."
BBC Music,80,"Simpsons gentle deliveries benefit from his wealth of experience and mature understanding of the work, making for a richness that imbues all the songs--never more so than on Come Down Jehovah."
The A.V. Club,80,"The best songs are his own."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),80,"Martin Simpson applies his dazzling fingerstyle technique to a broad range of material."

Pitchfork,100,"New stuff for him every bit, from pain to process, and consequently unprecedented in his previous work is the sweet melancholy measure of his voice. His songwriting, too, emerges liberated, lyrics forged, melodies flowing. [Apr 2013, p.86]"
Mojo,91,"His perfectly weathered voice brings out the simple sweetness of breezy heartbreakers. [22 Mar 2013, p.64]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"Tooth & Nail is probably the most accurate and all-encompassing illustration of the great mans worth."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Just like Levi Stubbs, he can't help himself."
PopMatters,80,"Weary then, but, as ever, authentic."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Billy Bragg has released his classiest-sounding album to date."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Its Braggs voice thats most prominent of course: warm and resonant, but also mournful at times, tinged with regret, that of an old soul looking at the world and shaking his head at its follies."
Clash Music,80,"Through its songs he conveys truths about this country in a way that few other English songwriters, if any, are able to do."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),78,"Less a pessimistic declaration than a call for release, the tune ['January Song'] sets a contemplative tone that rings throughout."
Los Angeles Times,70,"There's both freshness and familiarity to this live-in-the-studio effort. [No. 97, p.53]"
Paste Magazine,70,"The scope may be smaller this time around, but in the end, the record delivers the same smart, sometimes funny, always impassioned results."
Mojo,70,"The tone of Tooth and Nail, lyrically and musically, is mature and sophisticated in a way that stops short of dull and ends up feeling pleasantly familiar, like reuniting with an old friend."
Q Magazine,70,"Bragg and producer Joe Henry, owner of the aforementioned basement where Tooth & Nail was recorded, make for a solid team, allowing their shared love of rural Americana to run wild and each song enough elbow room to get comfy by sticking to a pantry of few seasonings."
The Independent (UK),70,"Tooth & Nail is mellow, but not un-edgy."
Uncut,70,"Despite the occasionally more personal tone to Tooth & Nail, he continues his role as social commentator magnificently."
Dot Music,70,"Its all very soft and comfortable, musically speaking, like an old couch you cant get out of."
BBC Music,70,"It features some undeniably strong songs but is lacking a vitality which would make it a convincing listen. Nonetheless, its fascinating in its own way."
AllMusic,67,"In spite of its title, Tooth & Nail sounds like a cozy old rocking chair of an album, full of session players, slide guitar, and a songwriter softened by age."
The Telegraph (UK),60,"With a reflective outlook worthy of Braggs now venerable stature, this weathered perspective serves him well."
The New York Times,60,"Though Bragg leaves behind punk rock fire for the personal, there are still political--and optimistic--moments, weariness be damned."
Rolling Stone,60,"Only much later, in There Will Be a Reckoning, does the familiar Bragg anger kick in significantly.... it's outnumbered here by more sensitive songs about things like relationship difficulties and dying."
Boston Globe,60,"Somewhat laid-back for a record made by an ex-punk, even one in his mid-50s. [Apr 2013, p.96]"
American Songwriter,60,"For the most part, there's nothing wrong with the lyrics. 'Do Unto Others' is a fine secular hymn, while 'January Song' has some smart digs at the Tea Party, but, in both cases, the voice never convinces. [Apr 2013, p.80]"

Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),80,"Ggood voice is nothing without good songs, and Rateliff comes with plenty of ammunition on Falling Faster Than You Can Run."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Simple, unaffected songwriting with a direct emotional pull, Falling Faster Than You Can Run is swarming with undercurrents, with nuances that only become more marked over time."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"Rateliff works best exploiting the depth and range of his voice against a spacious backdrop that doesnt have to be downtempo to be dull."
The A.V. Club,60,"At times, the album merely provides a straight-arrow version of more twisted talents. [Jan 2014, p.124]"
Consequence of Sound,60,"There's a lonely whippoorwill feel to Nathaniel Rateliff's second album, as though he wrote it all in a woodland clearing near the log cabin home of Bon Iver's For Emma, Forever Ago."
Delusions of Adequacy,90,"This is a brilliant album created by a music virtuoso that will cement Tylers solo reputation earned from his 2010 debut, Behold the Spirit."
The Guardian,90,"Impossible Truth is among the years most vivid and evocative albums so far, revealing new and absorbing details with every listen."
musicOMH.com,90,"Impossible Truth says more with six strings than most records manage with a thousand words. [May 2013, p.79]"
Drowned In Sound,90,"Although he's stretching traditional, time-tested folk templates culled from around the world and back again, Tyler's vision is both distinctly American and deeply modern."
No Ripcord,84,"Tunes are built slowly and satisfyingly, ebbing and flowing into oceans of ambient sound. Through these layers, though, shine frequent flashes of utter brilliance."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"This is all instrumental, and as in Billy Idol's haunting 'Eyes Without A Face' these are songs that say so much without ever saying a thing, piercing windows into the soul."
Slant Magazine,80,"It's possessed and peaceful at once, absorbing and wholly gorgeous. [Jun 2013, p.108]"
Pitchfork,80,"Impossible Truth feels like both an empirical observation and an epiphany, a glimpse of the glow behind the world itself."
Under The Radar,80,"What William Tyler does is reach back into the past with complete honesty, and by doing so hes able to create new and exciting sounds from the social, political and geographical changes of a particular period."
NOW Magazine,80,"With no lyrics to anchor their meaning, many songs here are infused with pathos and awe. [Apr 2013, p.57]"
Filter,80,"Impossible Truth is an unusually articulate trip. [May 2013, p.85]"
Under The Radar,80,"This album is easily taken as it is, a good side portrait of the parts of America that are somewhat still in the throes of modernity (if we all arent to some degree)."
Mojo,80,"The Impossible Truth is more accessible than Behold the Spirit, but it is easily as adventurous, taking hold of places, spaces, and sounds, reimagining them and altering them just enough to make the entire recording sound at once immediately familiar and somehow wholly other."
PopMatters,80,"Impossible Truth is Tyler's second richly satisfying and absorbing record of solo guitar in three years."
BBC Music,80,"Tyler's command of his instrument is commendable, but his ability to use it for a compelling, lyrical collection of instro cuts is even more so. [No. 96, p.60]"
AllMusic,80,"Whether hes softly plucking away or spinning a complicated web of chords, Tylers music is transportive in the sense that it can offer an escape from just about anywhere."
Mojo,80,"Impossible Truth is flecked with everything from jazz to psychedelic and Spaghetti Western. Maybe this kind of depth is more common with instrumental music, but regardless, this is an uncommonly good album."
Uncut,70,"Impossible Truth is a dense and compelling album, but also one that shows room for him to develop into an even more impressive musician."
The Guardian,70,"With a steadfast attention to his orchestration, it helps to illuminate his musical exploration of the West."
musicOMH.com,70,"This is a fine soundtrack to a road movie that's yet to be filmed."


Q Magazine,90,"Spare, affecting and hauntingly melodic, For The World is a timeless record, looking back only in a human, personal way--not to some lost golden age, but over a life lived, with all its ups and downs, losses and gains."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"His voice retains a high pitched vulnerability, but the urgency of his reports from the flipside of hippiedom have softened into the sound of someone more comfortable with their place in the universe. [Sep 2013, p.48]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"Askew's voice and tiple remain distinctively sui generis, as does the air of fairytale enchantment about his songs of children's dream, birds and fishes, city streetlife, blue-eyed babies and brown-eyed boys. [Oct 2013, p.61]"
Mojo,80,"Askew executes sad back-parlour arpeggios on a Hdusty, reverberant piano and his distinctive 10-stringed Martin tiple, his antediluvian voice as tremulous as Willie Nelson on a toning table."
Uncut,80,"Ed Askew will continue to write, observe, reflect, and create visions and words. This result is timeless enough to remain there if one wants it."
BBC Music,80,"Ultimately, Naomi doesnt stray too far from The Cave Singers previous output, but she, like any good muse, will captivate, invigorate and satiate."
AllMusic,80,"The Cave Singers find a way to remove the corniness from a jammy folk album, instead building Naomi with honest lyrics and a soothing ramble of guitars. [Apr 2013, p.86]"
Q Magazine,80,"Not without fault, the album is a solid, cohesive work--and sign of The Cave Singers electrifying potential."
Under The Radar,70,"The band demonstrates a keen awareness of how much to push and pull in any particular direction in its now firmly established folk/blues/rock axis."
musicOMH.com,70,"The simple moments are offset by grander, more exciting ones."
PopMatters,70,"The band hasn't strayed too far from what made it successful in its beginnings, but with Naomi, they've shifted their energy into producing the aural equivalent of a cloudless summer day."
DIY Magazine,68,"The result: catchy and chilling songs that cling to the corners of your mind and remain with you through and through."
Mojo,60,"Certainly, theres a fine line in-between a record bearing cohesion and every song being a clone of the tune before it, but Naomi suffers, even if slightly so, from multiple personalities."
BBC Music,60,"There isn't quite enough to genuinely stand out from the crowd. [May 2013, p.98]"
musicOMH.com,60,"Their fourth full-length has the band members grabbing snippets of musical influence from all over the Pitchfork-approved map. [No. 96, p.54]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),60,"Naomi is a decent album, not a good one."
The Observer (UK),60,"Competent. Completely forgettable."
The Guardian,58,"On Naomi, the Cave Singers dont really fail at anything; however, save for a couple of moments, they dont offer up anything all that memorable either."
AllMusic,50,"The varying topics and often-indistinct lyrics miscommunicate, making this record better suited for easy listening than deep delving."
Prefix Magazine,50,"Ultimately though, they dont commit enough to the sonic range which they eventually bring to bear, focusing too much on middle-of-the-road indie-folk."


Paste Magazine,80,"This duos dark, lonely, roots-minded indie rock is affecting, all the more for its sparseness."
Uncut,80,"The rare moments when Bryant shares the spotlight are Wyoming's best and hopefully hint at Water Liars' future. [Apr 2013, p.94]"
NOW Magazine,80,"Wyoming is a bright and promising collection of secretly wrecked songs, and leaves us curious to see how Water Liars will continue to grow as they walk their thorny path."
Under The Radar,80,"Full of memories and unanswered questions, Wyoming asserts a sense of limitless depth, as the duos members seem to have developed a greater understanding of one another than on their debut."
Austin Chronicle,70,"Water Liars songwriting has been compared to veterans such as Dawes, Grizzly Bear, and even Fleet Foxes, but their sophomore effort, Wyoming, has more mental meandering and grit than all of the above."
Q Magazine,70,"Wyoming definitely has the feel of a second album, in that the band is now confident enough in their footing to try a little bit of everything. As a result, its hard to pin down this duo to a single musical approach, and thats just fine because the diversity is refreshing."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"No ones taking anything too seriously, but if this were a DVD it wouldnt be a surprise to see Ry flashing the biggest grin in the room."
Los Angeles Times,80,"The set list's rather obvious and the interstitial chat goes on a bit, but the heart of the man is there to be heard."
PopMatters,80,"For those who've longed for the return of his immediate, loose, warm, live recordings, Live at the Great American Music Hall is where it's at."
AllMusic,80,"Ultimately, while not preferable to seeing a live Cooder performance in person, Live In San Francisco is a terrific encapsulation of an unlikely, remarkable career, one that has surprisingly only gotten stronger as Cooder has gotten older."
Mojo,60,"An oddly uneven set. [Nov 2013, p.67]"
The A.V. Club,60,"Cooder requires considerable forces to realise his amalgams of blues, rock, folk, reggae and Mexican music,  and here his band is expanded by the extraordinary, shrill horns of the 10-piece La Banda Juvenil."
The New York Times,60,"Its that free-flowing vibe that helps make this seem more like an overdue reunion for the home town crowd as much as any attempt at a polished performance."


Filter,80,"Howl is an unequivocal roots recording, an evocative combination of Bluegrass celebration, deep bottom Blues and total allegiance to authentic Americana."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"This is acoustic music with one eye turned toward the past and the other squarely facing the future."
Q Magazine,70,"Whenever they seem affected it's when they try to be a little bit too pure in their bluegrass ('Hermitage Hostep'), but when they incorporate bits of rock & roll and gospel, or when they cut loose ('People Been Talking'), or lay back ('Just Like You'), they're a compelling, muscled Americana outfit, given just the right showcase here by Benson."
American Songwriter,50,"If more attention was paid to crafting better songs, rather than just sounds, Howl would have been much more fulfilling."
Rolling Stone,82,"It is a beautiful sleeplessness captured in Surrounded; in those channels and eddies, fans of his musical landscapes can drift for hours."
AllMusic,80,"His trademark lyrical honesty and sublime fingerpicking remain at the fore. [Oct 2013, p.99]"
Paste Magazine,80,"Buckners songwriting, both in the arrangements and vocals, is laser-focused on the development and exploration of his scorched-earth aesthetic. Together, they project it with grace, refinement, and skill."
Slant Magazine,80,"In short, dense, mesmerising, involving. [Oct 2013, p.63]"
PopMatters,77,"Surrounded is polished and persuasive enough that everyone should give it a try."
Sputnikmusic,75,"It arrives at the stripped-down mastery of Our Blood via a less circuitous route, and solidifies Buckner's grasp on what surely must be real Americana, in all its darkness, confusion and opacity. [Aug-Sep 2013, p.87]"
NOW Magazine,70,"The Buckner of today is more minimalist, more streamlined, and he asks his listeners to put in a little more work.  Its only fair."
AllMusic,70,"While Buckner's songs can be awe-inspiring (just ask Bon Iver's Justin Vernon), Surrounded, like its most recent predecessors, requires closer attention in order to fully appreciate."
Boston Globe,70,"The results sound more natural than risky and the entire album finds a nice place between the direct and the obtuse."
Country Weekly,70,"Buckners record is a vague reflection of something remarkably powerful, a beautiful mirror image of dreams, of dusty reminiscences and pleas that come too late."
The Telegraph (UK),60,"It's careful, like well worded advice, and typically careworn, but this ultimately cant disguise a lack of lyrical spark."
The New York Times,60,"Surrounded as a minor spit-polish improvement on Our Blood is sure to please Buckners cultish devotees."
Slant Magazine,60,"The self-produced LP swirls drones and uncharacteristic electronics behind evanescent imagery. That it's hard to grasp just makes it more seductive."
Mojo,50,"Good as this is, it could be that much better."


Uncut,80,"At times sounding like the Beatles, Teenage Fanclub, Harry Nilsson, Fleet Foxes, Big Star, and the Beach Boys all tossed in a blender, Ivan & Alyosha's All the Times We Had marks the arrival of a great band fully formed."
BBC Music,80,"Ivan & Alyosha offer an emphatic combination of allure and affirmation that all but assures instant appreciation."
The Guardian,70,"With All The Times We Had, they've nailed the harmony-drenched, foot-tapping folk/rock of the Seattle sound. [No. 96, p.55]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"While the blueprint of starting songs with sparse accompaniment and gradually building to resounding sing-along levels isnt exactly fresh, the music is so well written that it avoids sounding like a clich."
AllMusic,60,"Themes include perseverance, climbing mountains, parenting, etc., although at times, they do wander into Cupids playground on songs like the title track."
The Independent (UK),100,"It's music that slips between the generic niches favoured by broadcasters; but isn't that exactly where the most interesting music comes from?"
Pitchfork,90,"Pushin' Against The Stone is a rare case when a young artist's natural instincts are spot-on. As both a singer and songwriter, June is a major talent with unlimited potential."
AllMusic,89,"Pushin' Against a Stone showcases a stunning and unique new voice."
Boston Globe,80,"Pushin Against A Stone is an impressive calling card to the rest of the world that this, until now, under heralded artist is both an adept student of American folk music traditions and a modern day practitioner with perhaps preternatural talents."
Dusted Magazine,80,"With exceptional production work courtesy of Dan Auerbach, Kevin Augunas, and Peter Sabak combined with Junes great gifts, Pushin Against a Stone is easily one of the years better albums."
Prefix Magazine,80,"As debuts go, this is a marvel by a singer and songwriter who has no desire to fit snugly into one category. Her talent isnt that easily contained."
Mojo,80,"Valerie call this 'organic moonshine roots music'--it's the perfect phrase to sum up her glorious sound. [Jul 2013, p.88]"
Paste Magazine,80,"Combined with June's remarkably careworn vocals--they suggest that the young Tennessean has been around the block more than once. [Jul 2013, p.77]"
Pitchfork,80,"The album has a studied looseness that's never contrived, and it shows a poise and clarity of vision which her earlier efforts barely suggested"
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),76,"Most of the album was recorded at The Black Keys studio in Nashville and favors bluesy twangs, folksy fiddles and country slide guitars."
No Ripcord,70,"Credit June's vinegary, slightly oddball vocals, equal parts Diana Ross and Dolly Parton, which guide each song like an old tractor retrofit with LED high beams: luminous, ancient, unstoppable."
The A.V. Club,70,"Organic moonshine music she calls it, and no one could argue with that."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Despite being a shade too long, this is a solid endeavor that asks many questions even as spins its tales."
Q Magazine,60,"If there's a fault, the self-consciously retro production doesn't push her far enough. [Jul 2013, p.106]"


Uncut,95,"[The songs] are nothing short of radiant, from the perfect vocals to the organic, full-bodied arrangements, from the heart-rending lyrics to the way that producer Charlie Peacock surrounds everything in a smoky ambiance."
PopMatters,91,"Singer-songwriters Joy Williams and John Paul White brought in more instruments, added deeper textures and, in general, upped the intensity of the songwriting for their second effort."
AllMusic,83,"Even in the quieter moments, like Williams dreamy French lead vocal on Sacred Heart and album closer DArline, theres the sense that such raw, bare emotion has enabled The Civil Wars to delve deep to intricate details, but also to amplify the internal conflict to greater heights."
Drowned In Sound,83,"While the result might seem a little like that awkward first post-split Christmas when Dad comes back and crashes on the couch, it turns out that, well, conflict suits them."
musicOMH.com,80,"The Civil Wars improves upon its predecessor."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Its edgy, but civil, and it looks like the war will rage on for the time being at least, regardless of the outcome of each emotional battle."
Boston Globe,80,"The tension that fills The Civil Wars, giv[es] the songs a sense of weight and purpose that wasnt apparent on their 2011 debut, Barton Hollow."
PopMatters,80,"Working with producer Charlie Peacock, in spite of discord, the pair refine and expand the sound they architected into a more intense take on their tortured (implied) sexual tension."
BBC Music,80,"It's unfortunate, really, since without any of that baggage [professional separation], The Civil Wars stands as a powerful and haunting collection that exemplifies Nashville's current fixation with slickly updating traditional themes."
Austin Chronicle,80,"The Civil Wars have gone from blithely conjuring a co-ed version of the Everly Brothers to making a tense, assertive Southern gothic album, complete with religious undertones, images of decaying locales, and tales of troubled relationships."
Paste Magazine,80,"The Civil Wars offers up 12 perfectly elegant, subtly arranged Americana songs of bad love, misplaced emotion, cheating hearts, fighting and fleeing."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Serene yet disturbed, this is album that progresses the band well."
Mojo,80,"The Civil Wars proves more than capable of producing its own dark drama. [Sep 2013, p.79]"
AllMusic,80,"The Civil Wars is a testament to the power of their undeniable musical chemistry. Its even better than their Grammy-winning debut, Barton Hollow."
American Songwriter,80,"There might not be a Poison & Wine here, but taken as a whole, The Civil Wars is a more consistent collection than Barton Hollow."
Los Angeles Times,76,"Its inability to be contained within one genre is the bands strength and triumph."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),75,"The Civil Wars is darker and more expansive than the group's sometimes-snoozy debut, with more varied tempos and instrumental contributions by Nashville pros."
musicOMH.com,70,"Ultimately, the Civil Wars are impeccable craftsmen, taking weathered elements and repurposing them for something that feels new and never haunted by what came before."
No Ripcord,70,"Darker and more intense than their Grammy-winning debut, their second LP solidifies a drama-heavy brand identity reflected in their band name."
The Telegraph (UK),65,"Whereas the debut evidenced White and Williams' exquisite knack for singing together, the set was somewhat heavy on ballads that sounded like they were made to soundtrack television dramas. The Civil Wars corrects this both in the song selection and in the way the compositions are delivered."
Uncut,60,"It's the same stark template of vocals, acoustic guitars and assorted surprising adornments, but they save themselves from the overworthy trap by those voices. [Sep 2013, p.100]"
Consequence of Sound,60,"In spite of its two-headed musical harmony, the personal disharmony in The Civil Wars is all too evident. [Sep 2013, p.94]"
The A.V. Club,60,"The lasting sense left is of an unexplored potential which, if this is it for The Civil Wars, could be in its own messy way an appropriate swansong."
AllMusic,60,"At times, listening to The Civil Wars is like wading through a swamp of still-raw emotion. It is an album that is more haunted than haunting."
Q Magazine,60,"The mordant songwriting redeems The Civil Wars."
Drowned In Sound,50,"This polite Americana mistakes solemnity for seriousness."
Delusions of Adequacy,50,"This is a limping, bloodless version of The Civil Wars, and if the band is to have a future they need to fix their issues, or else learn to channel the damage better."
The New York Times,30,"Ultimately, The Civil Wars plays out lyrically insipid and completely oblivious to the fact that their vocals strive for meaningful but define overbearing."
Pitchfork,30,"Too often their over-earnest delivery is unbearable."

Spin,90,"Everything on these two discs fits into the theme and flow."
Mojo,80,"It's an impressive cast, matched by the energy and eccentricity of the contemporary and traditional songs alike. [Jun 2013, p.81]"
Uncut,80,"As a 36-song sequel, the album drags at times. But there's buried treasure here too. [Apr 2013, p.112]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Producer Hal Willner has dug deep to improve on [the original Rogue's Gallery] and reckons he has a happier collection as a result. [Apr 2013, p.88]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"Patchy, maybe, but for the most part it's enormous fun."
Pitchfork,80,"All in all, its a refreshingly varied voyage."
PopMatters,80,"This follow-up to the original 2006 Rogue's Gallery sea-shanty compilation is slightly less salty but just as broad-ranging musically."
AllMusic,80,"There are 36 performances, most of them evincing a spumey 'aaaargh, Jim-lad' recreational vibe."
Dusted Magazine,75,"The sheer volume of ocean-weary crooning on this Depp co-produced comp is bound to cause some seasickness, though Tom Waits bark about rum-fueled heartbreak and Patti Smith coo about mermaids should stave off scurvy. [1 Mar 2013, p.66]"
Austin Chronicle,70,"The songs here arent fussy recreations of the past. They provide new interpretations of old material."
The A.V. Club,67,"It's equal in heft to the first one, and just as uneven."
AllMusic,65,"More often than not, it's a fun excursion. [Mar-Apr 2013, p.102]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Really, it just suffers from sequel syndrome, as theres a fine single-disc collection buried within some over-blown, try-hard choices."
BBC Music,60,"Inevitably its also an adventure in need of an edit."
Boston Globe,60,"Son of Rogues Gallery merits a couple of hours of anyones time. Just dont expect to put it all on repeat. The tracks you do will be worth it."
The Guardian,60,"Yes, there are duds among these 36 tracks. But they pass the time."
The New York Times,50,"It works better in theory than in practice."

Uncut,90,"Its aching honesty and immaculate balance prevents About Farewell from being just another break-up record, as Diane presents something to us lyrically raw but unafraid to sport obviously produced yet sentimentally appropriate musical flourishes, from strings to harmonizing female choruses, when the time comes."
PopMatters,90,"Its a brave account of how you can fall out of love just as easily as you fell in. Like the first blush of a new romance, it is intoxicating."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"This is truly a marvelous creation."
Chicago Tribune,80,"10 years if touring, recording and a recent divorce have provided enough grit, soul and burr with the sort of peculiarly exquisite pain that's grown up enough to register life's grand futilities. [Sep 2013, p.101]"
Billboard.com,80,"Disappointment and cautious optimism for the future, rather than recrimination, is About Farewell's weapon of choice, a welcome female counterpoint to, say, the bitterness of Bob Dylan's Blood On The Tracks or Josh Ritter's The Beast In Its Tracks. [Sep 2013, p.86]"
The Guardian,80,"The album's a cathartic self-study, executed without drama, during a time of major personal upheaval, and it will truly resonate with anyone who's ever found themselves at the end of a relationship."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Arrangements are simple and sparse, everything lightly touched, with only swells of strings and brushes of horn, harmonium and other instrumental colours buoying up her guitar and clear voice."
Dot Music,80,"Her ability to craft songs that are both delicate and incredibly powerful, along with her stunning, effortless voice prevent the honesty from being alienating."
BBC Music,80,"About Farewell is a sincere depiction of the quiet, resolute acceptance of mid- to long-term misery."
musicOMH.com,73,"Alela Diane hasnt upended the form, but that probably wasnt her intent. What she needed was a port in a storm, and About Farewell is a very sturdy bulwark."
AllMusic,70,"Elegant is the way the record confines Dianes sadness to the past. It doesnt wallow, it reassesses."
Billboard.com,70,"About Farewell is a gentle, rueful, often beautiful record. [Aug 2013, p.75]"
The A.V. Club,60,"Pleasant, sad, classy and thoughtful. No more than that."
Country Weekly,60,"Her fourthcorrect, country-tinged album is no mere musical mope, but features writerly vignettes and restrained introspection."

Spin,80,"The Twigs sound tough and robust, ready to take on the whole world rather than cultivate one small part of it. [Feb 2013, p.45]"
Q Magazine,80,"Welcome to 21st century Appalachian string band music. It hasn't changed that much. It doesn't have to, because it still works fine."
Mojo,74,"Rough Carpenters sounds vibrant and enveloping, an old-time feat for these mercurial times."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"By calling their album Rough Carpenters, the Pickers are inevitably alluding to their creations as constructs of old timber, offered up with spontaneity and passion rather than precision. But its also a misleading moniker, for what is unquestionably the groups smoothest ride yet."
Uncut,70,"Not much of a change then, is it? But if it aint broke, dont fix it."
PopMatters,70,"It doesnt feel like a trip back into the past, but rather a reminder that the present need not be filtered through whatever technologies weve dreamed up."
Boston Globe,70,"With Rough Carpenters, the pickers are deeply respectful of the revenant forms they're extending, but the music is never leaden. [Mar 2013, p.67]"
Chicago Tribune,80,"This is effectively juxtaposed with ominous understatement, and the shifting moods, combined with varied instrumentation including harmonium, banjo and electric piano, make for an intriguing, satisfying listen."
Rolling Stone,80,"Pretty, poignant and educational, too. [Aug 2013, p.71]"
NOW Magazine,80,"Overall, Bugbears is an album that reveals something new on repeat listens."
Kerrang!,70,"Beyond Bugbears' supplementary nature, it's a coherent collection of songs, a window to a period closer in time and temperament to our own than we imagine."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"History has rarely been so engaging."
Austin Chronicle,60,"Bugbears is a rich and warming curio, and there's something quietly noble about Hayman dragging the thoughts of these long-dead writers back into the light. [Aug 2013, p.93]"


CMJ,90,"It's a vibrant set with a live feel, alternating between rowdy folk-rockers and some of Thompson's most poignant ballads. [Mar 2013, p.77]"
Slant Magazine,90,"Unlike most of his peers, Thompson is defying the march of time, continuing to write and perform at an exceptional level. Electric easily deserves a place alongside his best solo releases."
Mojo,88,"Dream Attic was looser and rougher than the guitarist had been in quite some time, a timely reminder that Thompson could still let it rip, and Electric follows suit."
Uncut,80,"The songs on Electric are given more opportunity to breathe and worm their way into our hearts."
Filter,80,"A vigorous 11-song collection that keeps the lyrics and melodies straightforward, allowing the complexity and uniqueness of his guitar-playing to burst through."
PopMatters,80,"In its creation of something towering from fundamental, basic elements, it is alchemical."
Pitchfork,80,"Redemption by plucked string. Buddy Miller produces analogically."
Under The Radar,80,"Electric finds Richard Thompson at his most stripped-down and potent."
American Songwriter,80,"It's classic Thompson, packed with bleak stories of male failings, usually with a woman involved."
Q Magazine,80,"He's written better collections of songs, but for fun, warmth, vigour and power, it' sup there with his best. [Mar 2013, p.86]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Buddy Miller's production is fresh, tuned to the immediacy of Thompson's performances; any fault with Electric can't be laid at his door--only at the strangely stiff quality of the first few songs."
AllMusic,80,"Thompsons classic folk rock formula is revived once more, and his frequent guitar solos are as sour as his lyrical wit."
PopMatters,80,"As good as the songs are, the distinguishing characteristic of Electric is its atmosphere, how the music jumps and breathes, how Miller has given Thompson his liveliest album in years and, on just sheer sonic terms, his best in a while, too."
American Songwriter,80,"This is another in a seemingly endless streak of quality albums from Richard Thompson, a journeyman artist in the homestretch of his long career, whose best years never seem to be behind him."
Billboard.com,78,"Buddy Miller in the producer seat allows Thompson some breathing room, plus the trio of guitar, bass, and drums gives the material just enough ambiance to fulfill its innate power."
The New York Times,73,"Man, does Music City bleed through the album, leaving a hushed honky-tonk throb with gritty production."
Q Magazine,70,"Electric is a return to one of his best attributes, the snarling electric guitar. [Mar 2013, p. 95]"
Spin,70,"he overriding feel of the album is one of attack although conscious maybe that light and shade is always to be found within the Thompson palette."
Uncut,70,"A fairly solid and consistent addition to the impressive and otherworldly canon of Richard Thompson."
Austin Chronicle,70,"The thrills are few, but the excellence is undeniable."
Rolling Stone,65,"The songs here play like a life's snapshot, from winsome to saucy to conflicted. [Mar-Apr 2013, p.106]"
Village Voice,60,"Overall, Electric is another consistent yet unsurprising recent Thompson album. [No. 95, p.59]"
BBC Music,60,"Thompson narrates this break-up in a voice tinged as much with near-eastern devotional music as it is traditional song."
The Guardian,60,"Electric is a first-class showcase for Thompson's spine-tingling solos but not the consistent song collection that was 2010's Dream Attic. [Mar 2013, p.110]"

Paste Magazine,80,"Ambitious and beautifully wrought, Dear River should mark Barker's entry into the big leagues. [Sep 2013, p.98]"
AllMusic,80,"Its the kind of record that leaves no stone unturned and surely, during the playback sessions, a warm swell of pride must have risen from within all those involved. And rightly so."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Barker's fourth album has a clean, rootsy feel. [Aug 2013, p.67]"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"Dear River finds the Australian and her all-female band flexing bigger muscles, producing a much fuller sound thats closer to the powerful noise they make on stage."
Los Angeles Times,60,"Dear River is an interesting collection but, while pretty, these songs sometimes sound a little too slick or obvious."
musicOMH.com,60,"It's all very pleasant, but the quality of her storytelling gets lost."

The Guardian,93,"Hayden has arguably crafted his finest album to date."
Uncut,80,"He still sounds like Hayden, but hes stripped down the production to better approximate the sound of a band in a room. That bare-bones intimacy works perfectly with his delicate voice and melancholic songs."
Q Magazine,80,"Stripped down but nonetheless gorgeous for it, the album is an inviting combination of heavy themes and unassuming delivery, and easily some of Hayden's most colorful and intriguing songwriting."
Boston Globe,80,"In creating a warm, intimate sound emphasizing piano and organ over acoustic guitar for the first time, Hayden sounds content even when talking about mortality."
PopMatters,78,"Us Alone feels like a life coming into focus and meaning as the songwriter rolls into his forties with patience and appreciation."
Slant Magazine,70,"Call it a clich, if you must, but Us Alone proves that Hayden isnt remotely dead, creatively or otherwise. At least, its safe to say, not yet."
Spin,60,"Subtlety and finesse are the watchwords here, two elements that deliver artistic intrigue."
Billboard.com,57,"Even with fewer hands playing fewer instruments, the songs nevertheless sound leaden, ponderous, drowsy. Still, there are some inspired flourishes."

Entertainment Weekly,100,"Wood is one of our finest songwriters, a brilliant exponent of the topical troubadour form, and rarely on better form than he is with None the Wiser."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Whether it's the horrors of recognising yourself in an obnoxious younger person, his downbeat but defiant re-working of Jerusalem or the uncharacteristically optimistic The Wolfless Years, it's still the words that really stay with you. [Aug 2013, p.93]"
BBC Music,80,"His latest album is remarkable for the settings as much as the lyrics."
The New York Times,60,"A move into electric guitar, Hammond organ and bass bring mixed results. [Aug 2013, p.79]"
Rolling Stone,60,"Though a new fondness for electric guitar and Hammond organ adds buoyancy to material like A Whole Life Lived, the album too often trades his former wit for bitterness."
AllMusic,80,"It ultimately presents as bleak a view of life as any of Greens albums, while also being extremely sweet about it."
The A.V. Club,80,"Like Arab Strap with bellbottoms and flower necklaces in place of the drum machine, Shapiro and Green are a match made in heaven who explore every corner of romantic hell."
American Songwriter,80,"Even if they quit after this, the album will stand as one of the best duet records of the era."
Boston Globe,75,"Wrapped in 60s nostalgia and emphasising the complexities of emotions, the record really has a little of everything, except true love."
Pitchfork,74,"While Green and Shapiro write about romantic tribulations, they avoid overdoing it by keeping these tracks brief and letting each other's vocals stand out."
The New York Times,70,"As a homage to all the good things about 60s easy listening this ticks all the boxes even if it feels too much like a re-hash of times gone by."
American Songwriter,70,"The subtle, sleepy, silkily textured likes of 'Pity Love' and the spry, sly 'Just To Make Me Feel Good' are a sweet breeze."
AllMusic,70,"This 10-track ode to the joys of a sad, sweet, mellow but occasionally dark and atmospheric love song is arranged with tender loving care and produced with just enough reverb to remind you of girl-group classics"
Uncut,67,"These aren't songs meant to jump out at you, but spend some time with them and little illuminations flicker to life."
PopMatters,60,"A little of these Lee & Nancy-style duets foes a long way. [Feb 2013, p.98]"
The A.V. Club,60,"It's nice, if a little lightweight."
Paste Magazine,50,"For the most part, Green and Shapiro come over like a couple working their troubles in group therapy through gritted teeth. [Feb 2013, p.73]"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),40,"Lyrically trying to hard, and musically under-achieving, it amounts to no more than a shonky indie take on something that, when the pairing is right, can be truly magical. [Feb 2013, p.105]"


Alternative Press,80,"An album of real class."
The New York Times,80,"It's a bright, optimistic, emotive world, Heidi's, and well suited to the neutral 'roots' pop sound which frames it."
AllMusic,80,"A lovingly crafted, deeply satisfying step forward. [Mar 2013, p.110]"
Uncut,80,"Talbot effortlessly dominates the set, with new songs cowritten with different band members."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Heidi Talbot employs an engaging blend of ancient and modern on Angels Without Wings."
BBC Music,50,"While some of this album is beautiful and delicate, at other times its vocal and musical honey smothers the intimacy of the lyrics."

Billboard.com,100,"The recovering dope fiend's songs cut even closer to the heart. [Aug 2013, p.104]"
cokemachineglow,100,"The good folks at Shout Factory didnt opt to only offer these discs a second time around, but instead provided added enticement via two bonus extras, a stunning live recording from Nashvilles Polk Theater, recorded around the same time as I Feel Alright, and a live DVD from the Cold Creek Correctional Facility where Earle had earlier been incarcerated."
Spin,90,"These recordings are the sound of a man back in the game and ready to pounce. [No. 100, p.52]"
American Songwriter,90,"While it doesnt include some of his best post-jail efforts, the set documents the beginning of one of the greatest second acts in rock history."
Under The Radar,90,"With the incentive of live material for old fans and the sheer brilliance on offer when these records are taken together, The Warner Bros. Years is a powerful testament to Earle's second act."
Pitchfork,80,"The album [El Corazon], and by relation the whole Warner Bros Years boxset, is a confident announcement not of return but of complete rejuvenation."

Slant Magazine,90,"Few, if any, artists are pushing the boundaries of traditional music further. [Feb 2013, p.79]"
Rolling Stone,80,"The combination of Robert's artistry and the exemplary ensemble backing him means the album succeeds in being a renewal. [Jan 2013, p.63]"
PopMatters,80,"This music has been cunningly hand-crafted, despite the album's larger ensemble sound, and at times the songs come off like incantations. [No. 95, p.57]"
BBC Music,80,"A master of mesmeric laments, Roberts can conjure dusky cemetery air in a twitching of his fingers or sombre exhalation, yet A Wonder Working Stone offers high spirits in the gloaming as well as low."
musicOMH.com,80,"This is comfortably Roberts most colourful recording and, whilst it retains the hypnotic quality of his delivery, also takes another significant step in his development a living, breathing artist going well beyond the curation of folk traditions."
The Guardian,80,"A Wonder Working Stone is the work of a songwriter at the top of his game; inspired by tradition but equally inspired to break from it, fired by collaboration and freed to follow his muse wherever it may soar, like the ptarmigans that spread their wings through several of these songs."
Under The Radar,80,"It's fascinating to find that his dogged research has loaded these self-penned pieces with all of the mystery, language, and myth usually found in years-old traditional ballads."
Clash Music,80,"It's funny, touching, thoughtful, more than a little weird....and rather wonderful. [Feb 2013, p.89]"
Drowned In Sound,72,"Roberts' voice sounds in fine fettle as well, and his reedy, keening brogue is the type of immediately distinctive instrument that is virtually impossible to imagine any listener accidentally mistaking for someone else's."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Scholarly stuff this, but also an intriguing reinvention that makes this an ideal marriage of folk and finesse."
AllMusic,70,"In A Wonder Working Stone, Roberts continues to tinker thoughtfully with the shared tradition of the Isles, always somewhat familiar but modern and discordant enough to render pause and consideration."
Q Magazine,60,"With A Wonder Working Stone, Alasdair Roberts continues to blur the borders between ancient and modern, between heady myth and harsh reality, and between folk and whatever sounds right in context."


Mojo,90,"His keen insights into human nature and todays America are revealed in melodic, deeply-felt tunes on Still Fighting The War, which ranks as one of the years best singer-songwriter albums."
New Musical Express (NME),89,"He's become a master craftsman on the order of Guy Clark and John Prine."
Uncut,80,"He is a great storyteller and Still Fighting is littered with broken war veterans, bruised lovers and others thrown on to life's scrap heap. [Aug 2013, p.95]"
Q Magazine,80,"It's not morose--his voice is too engaging, his songs (and band) too good. [Jul 2013, p.92]"
Clash Music,60,"Delivered with conviction and defiance these timely tunes benefit from the input of longtime pal and collaborator Rod Picott. [Jul 2013, p.72]"
musicOMH.com,60,"He sounds like an old master these days, crafting material that would sound equally affecting if they came from the pen of Guy Clark, Jimmie Dale Gilmore, Steve Earle, Alejandro Escovedo or any of several weathered and revered troubadours who blazed the path before him."
BBC Music,80,"A well-rounded triumph. [Mar 2013, p.76]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"Everything on this impressive outing fits together like honey and smoke in a warm but vibrant Texas breeze."
The Guardian,80,"The result is her finest, most poignant and accomplished album in an already impressive seven year solo career."
Mojo,78,"Arguably the whole of Give Me All You Got, plays out as a hymn to the free-spirited sinner who embraces the compulsion for adventure, as well as the need to put down roots. In one long breath, Carrie Rodriguez sings with equal affection for both."
AllMusic,70,"There's a confident, bouncy feel to Give Me All You Got."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"Tough but sweet, realistic but sanguine, Give Me All You Got shows Carrie Rodriguez learning and growing both musically and personally."
Paste Magazine,70,"Give Me All You Got is as seductive and enticing as its name implies because clearly, Rodriguez is giving all she has as well."
Q Magazine,60,"Sad, happy, tragic and triumphant, just like country music should be. [May 2013, p.102]"
Boston Globe,60,"While it's good to have Rodriguez writing her own material again, it's also nice to have talented friends. [Jan-Feb 2013, p.94]"
Hot Press,60,"Nice is the word."


PopMatters,80,"There are 19 songs here, and at some point one feels replete, but they are concise--some in the manner of a sketch that leaves options open, others more decisive, like the sharp coastline vista once the morning fog has cleared."
The Guardian,80,"On Big Sur, Frisell delivers an inspired musical portrayal of the land, sky, sea, and wildlife of the region with majesty, humor, and true sophistication."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Frisell's consistent inventiveness is remarkable, and Big Sur sounds as close to essential as most of his recent work."
Spin,75,"It all sounds entirely of Bill Frisells unique world, yet still like a previously undiscovered land that sounds well worth a visit."
AllMusic,60,"Sometimes I wish that the puree were a little less smooth, a little less like wallpaper, and thats the case with Big Sur. But its still a lovely experience, made by one of the masters we have with us in this age."

Mojo,85,"Smarter pop? Seductive commentary? REALLY? Yes."
musicOMH.com,80,"Just about every note and lyric on Erin McKeown's Manifestra is a step away from the norm. Yet the songs are so beguiling you can't help but follow."
Uncut,80,"McKeown's seventh studio album is as bold and determined as anything in her repertoire, but it never sacrifices musicality for message, resulting in a taut, compact, and engaging set of 21st century urban folk songs that invites the listener into the fold before unleashing its directive."
American Songwriter,70,"This is an urgent recording, not a pop classic like We Will Become Like Birds, but a rhythmically vital message that uses a smaller set of sounds to create a gripping band sound to support an interesting and worthy point of view."
BBC Music,60,"She's an oblique writer and arranger, though, often interesting, never predictable."

Prefix Magazine,80,"O'Donovan has a fragile, heart-melting voice and is a fine songwriter. [Sep 2013, p.88]"
Filter,80,"The production work by the celebrated Tucker Martine is sometimes too lush, but there are some fine songs here."
Slant Magazine,80,"Gentle pedal-steel weepies and shimmering, folk-rock beauty are testament to her new-found freedom. [Sep 2013, p.92]"
Billboard.com,80,"There are neat pedal steel guitar threads, horns, electric guitar and it's clear she is entirely comfortable with her producer, Tucker Martine."
AllMusic,80,"Fossils is not only an auspicious debut, but one that lives up to, and at times even exceeds, the promise of its potential."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Its a terrific and enriching listen, especially with headphones, where the singers supple voice and imaginative lyrics along with Martines sympathetic production dovetail with an effortless grace."
Boston Globe,60,"It's not all restrained and even if in parts it sails too close to generic Americana, there's much evidence here that O'Donovan is one to keep an eye on. [Aug 2013, p.103]"
PopMatters,60,"Fossils remains uniformly subdued throughout. Yet, its hardly as dry as the album title might imply."
Q Magazine,60,"The polished sound, when combined with O'Donovan's occasionally wispy vocals and recessed guitar, fails to propel the album. It lacks both weight and momentum, or at least enough mood to set Fossils apart."

Slant Magazine,80,"Sometimes things sound more Jimmy ('I Lost My Job of Loving You'), sometimes more Buddy ('It Hurts Me,' a searing ballad written by Miller's wife, Julie), but as with every good duets record, their combined voices have produced something greater than the sum of its parts."
Under The Radar,80,"Mr. Miller and Mr. Lauderdale gave themselves a professional assignment that they could handle, as pals, with aplomb."
Paste Magazine,80,"It's all delivered with customary warmth and swing from Miller's home studio."
Uncut,70,"While it might not be breaking any new ground, Buddy & Jim is hard to top when it comes to supremely enjoyable Americana music."
musicOMH.com,70,"The defining breeziness of Buddy & Jim could never be mistaken for an ill wind, as such, but there are moments at which it's hard not to wish they'd invested a fourth or even a fifth day in the work. [Feb 2013, p.70]"
The Guardian,70,"Buddy & Jim in tandem is twice as nice and two of a kind."
BBC Music,67,"The two Nashville linchpins' close harmony duets and stellar guitar work uniting the eclecticism of styles."
PopMatters,60,"Miller and Lauderdale's duets has both the easy familiarity of old friends and the musicianship of old pros. [Mar 2013, p.96]"
Q Magazine,60,"Whether it's some twangy rockabilly or a thoroughbred country lament, their aim is always true. [Feb 2013, p.107]"
Sputnikmusic,60,"An eclectic, freewheeling set remarkable not just for its inter-twining guitars but for its vocals, too."

Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),100,"Its certainly the best down-to-earth storytelling item to emerge in ages."
No Ripcord,80,"It's delivered with such warmth and skill that reservations fade, and the delight of hearing a band do something very well takes over."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"It's a fine effort in a heavily populated field. [Jul 2013, p.76]"
Pitchfork,70,"Yet despite its flaws, this is still an impressively confident debut from a band that sound far older than their years."
The A.V. Club,60,"The debut set from New Albany's Houndmouth suggests there's more to them than nice skinny jeans. [Aug 2013, p.88]"
Filter,60,"If From The Hills doesn't quite have the swing and swagger of 2012's self-titled EP, it shouldn't be hard to recapture that promise next time around. [Jul 2013, p.105]"
BBC Music,60,"The four-pieces debut is a forcefully soulful affair."
NOW Magazine,50,"So while there's nothing vastly wrong with From The Hills Below The City, there's also nothing vastly right."
Spin,50,"The by-the-numbers production goes hand in hand with the bandmembers' tailored playing and thickly stylized vocals, hitting all the marks of emphatic country-enamored rock on tracks like the Toupin-fronted 'Houston Train,' a tale of being strung out, riding the hard-luck rails."

The Guardian,100,"Part of its success is due to Stevens' uniquely ambivalent position, at once ingenious and ingenuous."
musicOMH.com,89,"With more than two-and-a-half hours of music and enough extras to keep children of all ages occupied deep into the long winter's night, Stevens once again pulls off a wondrously wide-eyed antidote to the boring Christmas album."
Clash Music,80,"Overall the compilation makes its way towards a bigger story of many ideas, emotions and textures."
AllMusic,78,"Unlike the meticulously pleasant Songs for Christmas, which more or less sounds exactly like what a casual fan (or detractor) might expect a Sufjan Stevens Christmas box set to sound like, the music inside Silver & Gold can be as downright strange as its accompanying accessories."
Paste Magazine,75,"It's an ugly, beautiful, totally fascinating Christmas album, made by the only artist crazy enough to tackle the season in all its sprawling absurdity."
PopMatters,70,"The darkness that gripped Stevens during his last outing seems to be still tugging at his heels. But compelling as those moments are, more fun are the tracks where he puts his expansive imagination to use and lets go a little."
Uncut,70,"Inspired, frustrating, wayward, indulgent, funny, heartfelt and eclectic, taken in one sitting it's far too much, like gorging on the most excessive turkey dinner with all the trimmings. [Jan 2013, p.97]"
cokemachineglow,70,"Some of the fun songs work on a larger scale and bear repeating."
American Songwriter,70,"It's very odd, varies wildly in tone and has its fair share of clunky bits, but it's all done in the spirit of fun and is always endearingly sincere."
Alternative Press,70,"All in all, Silver & Gold makes for a nice paring with Stevens' previous Xmas box set collection Songs for Christmas."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"So much, in other words, that wading through it feels as much of a chore as a joy."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"For the most part, Silver & Gold stays true to Stevens' predilection for kitchen sink, lo-fi chamber pop, but he plays fast and loose with the formula."
Q Magazine,60,"We're given a playful, fun, but ultimately unrewarding compilation for anyone other than completionists."

Dusted Magazine,100,"Once I Was An Eagle represents a bold, adventurous step forward thats resulted in her most fulfilling work yet."
Under The Radar,100,"Once I Was an Eagle is a work that demands to be taken as a whole, another reminder of the peculiar power of the album form, despite frequent premature declarations of its redundancy."
Drowned In Sound,100,"Once I Was An Eagle is a masterpiece, and, at 23, shes still only getting started."
PopMatters,91,"Once I Was an Eagle is a singular achievement: a haunting record, peopled with aural ghosts that come gradually crawling from out of the grooves."
The Boston Phoenix,91,"Eagle is a master class in creation."
Pitchfork,90,"There are two primary things that make Once I Was An Eagle take flight: Lyrics and progression, which together make the album intelligent, confident, and, perhaps most importantly, recursive."
Dusted Magazine,90,"Everything feels full and complete, with each song taking a life of its own, while still contributing equally as much to the larger concept."
Spin,90,"Once I Was an Eagle is a bold work that, in theory, shouldnt work--a lengthy, near-concept album about emotional availability--but Marling makes it into one of the years essential releases."
The New York Times,90,"Both as a songwriter and as a performer, Laura Marling has never soared so majestically."
Drowned In Sound,90,"For its cohesive tone and the ease with which it plumbs the darkest recesses of Marling's consciousness, Once I Was an Eagle is close to a masterpiece, a heavenly composition with just enough hell to keep things from feeling too familiar."
Prefix Magazine,90,"Once I Was An Eagle sets a high bar."
Uncut,90,"The narrative drawn by Marling throughout is at times heart-stopping, segues and recurrent motifs creating effortless enjambment."
Q Magazine,90,"Its a work thats beautifully single minded, but may be a little too much of an undertaking for some. Whats inescapable is that its the sound of a person bravely questioning her place in the world, often in inspired fashion."
Sputnikmusic,90,"Its the longest and best Laura Marling record yet."
cokemachineglow,90,"Rarely since the Laurel Canyon heyday of CSNY, Jackson Browne et al, has the confessional mode been quite so unashamedly mined for artistic ore. [Jun 2013, p.68]"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),90,"Without doubt, this is one of the folk albums of the year."
Filter,85,"The result is not only her most honest and personal album to date but also her most affecting."
BBC Music,85,"Marling has delivered Once I Was an Eagle with a charisma lacking in most of her peers, and the poise of a far older hand."
Mojo,81,"Its expansive and ambitious, and divorced of all the tweedy preening and aw-shucks raggediness the idea of folk has accumulated in recent years. It's dark, its angry, its even sexy, in a sly, subtle way."
musicOMH.com,80,"Eagle is definitely Marlings most considered work, and most of that comes simply from the fact shes stripped away a lot of the decoration, and yet ultimately it feels easy for her, if not a little predictable."
The Guardian,80,"Although the songs carry recurring tropes of eagles, devils and the sea, as well as her signature intricate guitar picking, the most haunting aspect is--considering this accomplishment--realizing the potential that is yet to come."
Q Magazine,80,"It's a warm, lightly psychedelic sound reminiscent of British strum god Bert Jansch and the quieter moments on Led Zeppelin III, less a soundtrack for Sunday brunch and more a place to get lost in, though our host herself isn't interested in hiding."
AllMusic,80,"Youd be hard-pressed to name another songwriter who sounded so fully formed at such a tender age."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Everything just gets better and better with Marling."
PopMatters,80,"With a lilting piano, soft strums, and the pats of a bongo at most, Once I Was An Eagle strips the art of Marling down to her barest."
No Ripcord,80,"While her peers may be filling arenas with banjo anthems, Marling has long freed herself from that particular pigeonhole and presents another collection of songs that showcases her astounding talent."
Uncut,80,"There are a couple of moments where she still feels like the sum total of a very tasteful record collection, where she struggles to make herself heard over the echoes of Joni Mitchell and Dylan's thin wild mercury sound. More often, though, she cuts through her influences, and rings out loud and clear; when she does, it's a very diverting sound indeed."
Under The Radar,80,"As well executed as the latter half is, it can feel a mite unsatisfying compared to the stripped-down stuff that sits at the top of the album. [Jun 2013, p.85]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"Once I Was An Eagle is entirely Laura Marling's trip--beautiful, heartfelt, searching, sublime, and thrillingly open-ended. [Jun 2013, p.92]"
Pitchfork,75,"With Once I Was An Eagle, she's finally made a record that matches the magnitude of her vision, and puts her well ahead of almost any twentysomething singer-songwriter peer working today."
BBC Music,75,"Once I Was An Eagle is Marling's most fully-realized release yet, a quasi-conceptual record that traces a path from naivety through harsh experience and eventually to consequent enlightenment."
Billboard.com,74,"Its easily the most charming shes ever been--she's no master hunter, but she doesn't need to be."
Clash Music,70,"Marling is the gutsiest of chamber folkies. [No.99, p.57]"
musicOMH.com,70,"Her voice is the headliner: Miked so close you can smell the cigarettes on her breath, it's sultry, wise, rueful and unapologetic, connecting a 1960s singer-songwriter tradition to the ache of the now."
PopMatters,70,"Marling is an old soul through and through, and her remarkably timeless voice, idiosyncratic lyrics, and increasingly impressive guitar chops help to elevate the album's less immediate moments, and while some may argue that her increasingly Americanized, Pacific coast folk-pop can feel a little like fan fiction, it doesn't make it any less enjoyable to sink your toes into."
The Guardian,70,"Theres definitely still some fine moments in what follows ['Little Love Caster' and 'Devil's Resting Place']--theres certainly plenty more of everything in a record that stretches towards the hour mark-- but it never quite reaches those early heights again, which are possibly as high as Marling has reached in her career thus far."

Uncut,82,"No longer fumbling through novice flubs, Bright Sunny South features the most accomplished musicianship of Amidons career."
Mojo,80,"Though other instruments emerge from their corners their sparing deployments against Amidon's fragile voice lends them a far greater power, like vivid flourishes of colour in a starkly monochrome film.  [Jun 2013, p.92]"
Spin,80,"Theres a melancholic elegance in Amidons pieces that express nuanced forms of sadness, and as demonstrated in songs like Short Life and Pharaoh, sublime chamber arrangements spruce up those feelings of sorrow."
Clash Music,80,"Bright Sunny South is Amidon's sixth solo effort and like previous releases, the key to the album's potency lies in how the Brattleboro, Vermont, native creates emotional dichotomies and then bridges the expansive gulfs in between."
musicOMH.com,80,"It is not one thing (folk) or the other (post-rock, post-classical experiment) or even, really a blend of the two, but rather something fresh and idiosyncratic and worth exploring."
AllMusic,80,"Amidon has honed his music's suspenseful edge. [Jun 2013, p.90]"
Q Magazine,80,"Its a combination [simultaneously sound contemporary and old-time] that has been present in his music from day one and Bright Sunny South proves its one that still reaps significant dividends."
Mojo,80,"Bright Sunny South doesn't stray too far from Amidon's previous work, but still suggests his development in its gorgeous production, increasingly deft arrangements, and a general sense of greater confidence and vision throughout the record."
BBC Music,80,"A strange but compelling set."
Uncut,77,"He not only has an impressively deep knowledge of traditional song forms, but takes liberties with the country's past in order to document his own personal present."
Under The Radar,75,"What he does well here, and has always done well, is to embody traditional music; its harmony, its lyrical themes, and at the same time imbue the music with a vitality that never feels forced or disrespectful of its roots."
PopMatters,70,"Amidon sounds equally curious about the songs he picked up from his parents as he is about those he picked up from the radio; so naturally, juxtaposition plays a huge role in this album."
Pitchfork,70,"The track [Weeping Mary] isnt as simple as it seems, yet it works nicely as just-a-folk-song, the sort of approach that Amidons been refining for a decade now. Bright Sunny South is full of these unhurried, easy moments, and succeeds because of it."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"As ever, Amidon mediates between the folk music of his ancestry and the popular music of his day, finding a unique modernity in his marrying of past and present."
BBC Music,70,"With Bright Sunny South, Amidon has taken a huge step forward as a folk artist, creating arrangements which preserve his musicianship, while deepening the maturity of his interpretive skills."
The Guardian,60,"Amidons plaintive, boyish vocals make up in character what they lack in uniqueness."

Mojo,91,"These are so fine you don't mind listening again. And as you do, you start noticing how deftly Brett negotiates lines and stanzas that aren't as blockish as their meter and his voice make you think. And then you listen to this uningratiating music some more."
Filter,83,"A penchant for mid-tempo country ballads has sometimes made Handsome Family albums seem too similar, and while Wilderness doesnt stray far from that template, it stays lively by weaving in a wealth of other styles, including Beatles-esque pop, bossa nova rhythm, and traditional American folk."
AllMusic,80,"Wilderness quickly makes it clear that the passing of time hasn't dampened down their taste for the macabre mysteries if existence. [Jul 2013, p.105]"
Boston Globe,80,"Little known natural wonders are gleaned from Rennie's witty and offbeat stories.... Meanwhile, Brett's deep bow-saw of a voice has never sounded so sonorous. [Jun 2013, p.87]"
Uncut,80,"The animal kingdom looms large but human experience is still at the core of Rennie's surreal couplets, given added portent by Brett's compellingly mournful baritone. [Jun 2013, p.73]"
Spin,70,"The album moves slowly, yes, but its never boring, and the songs once again open doors to a strange and fascinating new world."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Wilderness, the tenth long-player from the New Mexico-based husband-and-wife team of Brett and Rennie Sparks (The Handsome Family) lives up to its ecological moniker with a 12-track set that invokes both nature and nurture, with an emphasis on the shady bits in between."
The A.V. Club,60,"Wilderness uses wildlife traits as jumping-off points for enigmatic tales in typical Handsome Family manner."
AllMusic,50,"A concept where every title is a different animal should've wielded funnier, more songful results. [No.98, p.55]"

Filter,80,"This brilliant light on the country's folk music scene has never sounded better."
The New York Times,80,"A smooth and beautiful listen."
Under The Radar,70,"Mike Bub (bass) and Kenny Malone (percussion) make up the tight musical unit on 13 enjoyable songs, which were recorded in Nashville."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"Tender Is the Night is a mostly great album that succeeds in being a crowd pleaser as opposed to a serious work of art."
AllMusic,60,"Purists may lament the loss of some immediacy to his songs. [Jun 2013, p.95]"

BBC Music,80,"This is an album of easeful warmth, the sound of an ever restless, exploratory musician coming home. [Jul 2013, p.94]"
Observer Music Monthly,80,"His pieces for banjo, like the revenant lyricism of the title track, are charming, moist eyed miniatures. [Jun 2013, p.74]"
Spin,77,"Aspiring guitarists might need the alternate tuning suggestions, but listeners wont really need the anecdotes. Rather, Jones puts it all right there in the pieces, speaking volume about the challenges and triumphs of growing up and older without singing a word of the blues."
The Guardian,70,"More cohesive and profound at times than the records that preceded it, the album sets a tone masterfully, and lingers contentedly and without rush, allowing the listener to drop in and sit for a spell with Jones as he ruminates on his various lush instrumental moods."
Uncut,70,"Now with My Garden State, the blending of styles is even more finely ground. Its anything but primitive."
Mojo,60,"Written while staying in the New Jersey house in which he grew up, the record isnt so much nostalgic as wistful, as if Jones was surveying the streets he used to walk with good memories but no desire to relive the past."

PopMatters,80,"From the Top is a mix of folk and rock and Americana, but James bends them all into new and daring shapes. [Jan 2013, p.95]"
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"The biggest complaint about From the Top of Willamette Mountain is that it could have been tightened up a bit more, its safe to say that James is an impressive songwriter, a considerable skill to have given how easy it is to churn out singer/songwriter folk these days."
Q Magazine,70,"James has crafted an envelope of sound to bolster his unique, almost choirboy styled vocals, that's easy to tumble into."
The A.V. Club,60,"The range of effects the place has on the folk singer resulted in his most resonant work yet."
American Songwriter,60,"[There's] an earnestness that often comes across as maudlin."
AllMusic,60,"Joshua James' second release of 2012 is a thoughtful and pleasantly warm collection of songs that are steeped in the sound of Americana."
BBC Music,30,"From the Top of Willamette Mountain sounds more confident than the UK debut he released earlier this year."

Drowned In Sound,100,"American Kid is a triumph of songwriting and expressive singing."
Uncut,100,"Patty Griffin has clearly been saving the best of her own material for a long time, making this perhaps her finest hour."
PopMatters,90,"American Kid successfully recaptures Griffins acoustic roots in haunting and moving fashion."
Q Magazine,90,"One of the best albums of the year so far."
cokemachineglow,90,"With its immediacy, economy, cagey strength, and vulnerability, Griffin delivers these 12 songs not as gifts or statements, but as her own evidence of what is, what was, and what yet may come."
Pitchfork,90,"Taking emotional truths and cutting to the quick, her razor-sharp sense of detail has never been sharper."
Dusted Magazine,85,"Intensely personal and musically powerful, Griffin captures the bold spirit of her family's history with top-notch songs. [No.99, p.56]"
Under The Radar,80,"It's her devastating voice and ear for the smallest details that ultimately makes all the difference. [Jul 2013, p.104]"
The Guardian,80,"A compelling experience."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"A triumph."
Billboard.com,80,"If it can be said that Griffin has been toiling in the shadow of Emmylou Harris, then American Kid is the long-overdue moment that puts the full range of her talent on display."
AllMusic,80,"Griffin digs deep into introspective lyrics, some with historical references, to display her distinctive vocals and original songs with stripped down arrangements that use space and the silence between notes to create shimmering music you wont soon forget."
BBC Music,70,"Her unusual harmonies with Plant on 'Highway Song' and the hypnotic 'Ohio' match anything from his celebrated Raising Sand LP."
Boston Globe,70,"It's a record that manages to sound deeply affectionate without being sentimental. [Jun 2013, p.70]"
The Guardian,67,"There are points when Kid feels a little boxed; 'Mom & Dad's Waltz' plays trite in the indicated time signature, and 'Wild Old Dog' delves too far into its God-as-errant-mutt metaphor. Nevertheless, Griffin re-emerges with her best foot forward, sparse folk for the working man ('Faithful Son')."

The New York Times,80,"This is an album about a mother's love, made by a mother, for a mother. And it also happens to be Martha Wainwright's greatest artistic achievement to date."
Mojo,80,"It's inspired genre-hopping and relentless invention resulting in a substantial and brilliantly sung career-best. [Nov 2012, p.85]"
PopMatters,80,"There's months of listening here. [Nov 2012, p.108]"
Uncut,80,"Having gotten an dith Piaf tribute (and a baby) out of her system since, she reorients herself admirably with Come Home to Mama."
Q Magazine,80,"Smart, elegant and affecting, this is surely her best yet. [Nov 2012, p.85]"
Paste Magazine,80,"[Martha Wainwright] has realised her best record to date."
AllMusic,80,"It's an extremely fine album that is without doubt her best work yet."
PopMatters,80,"Wainwright's vocals might be dressy but her thoughts are naked, heartbreakingly so on All Your Clothes, a graveside conversation with Kate McGarrigle."
Mojo,80,"It is a compelling, engaging, and emotionally powerful set of songs from a strikingly talented singer and songwriter, and this is her most intimate and affecting work to date."
Filter,80,"As on most of the tracks, Wainwright sounds terrific, her voice swooping and hollering at times, and quietly understated at others. No matter the tone though, the emotion is always unmistakeable."
The A.V. Club,80,"When Wainwright leaves us hanging at the end of 'Everything Wrong''s soft chimes with the frank, childlike, 'I have been really really sad/Except for having you with your dad,' each sentiment is a choker."
Under The Radar,75,"Martha ponders the intricacies of life and death with the kind of clear-eyed honesty we rarely get from someone as close to them as she still is."
The Guardian,75,"It's another creative leap for an artist who explores difficult human emotions with a bravery and intensity few singers ever approach. [No. 93, p.60]"
BBC Music,75,"Loneliness aside, Come Home to Mama is not a somber affair. Credit's partly due to new producer Yuka Honda from Cibo Matto, who freshens up the sound considerably."
Clash Music,73,"At the end of Come Home To Mama, I find myself most appreciative of Wainwright's confessional style of writing, how she reveals her main characters' flaws without shame."
Drowned In Sound,70,"More provocative and aggressive yet theatrical than any full album the moody Martha has executed to date. Brava."
musicOMH.com,70,"[Come Home to Mama]is quite possibly her best so far."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Come Home to Mama is lyrically stiff on top of instrumental complexity. The lyrics need to be pulled way back. What does work are the opening beats and rhythms awash in a mix of sonic, ambient environments."
Pitchfork,60,"This latest effort is underscored by sweeping arrangements and a turbulent pulse that only serves to accelerate that sense of drama and defiance."
BBC Music,60,"Whether anyone outside Wainwright's devoted fanbase will take notice of the album is hard to say, but the world could use more pretty voices with smart ideas."
Boston Globe,60,"Martha Wainwright's latest songs characteristically zigzag about the emotional spectrum."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Venturing further into radio-friendly pop-rock than ever before, her fourth album showcases a strong voice which (unlike brother Rufus) actually hits the notes."
Uncut,45,"Come Home to Mama deserves praise; despite having a bland title, it's the album where Wainwright finally comes out with some ideas. The problem is that when they do work, they don't really go anywhere."
Drowned In Sound,40,"The po-faced classicism of Proserpina drags, and little here packs the visceral punch of Wainwright's older songs."

Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Here on The Still Life she has begun to solidify and challenge her undoubted songwriting ability."
Mojo,80,"An engagingly simple and yet sophisticated third album, full of elegant melodies, shuffling percussion and bewitching Marling-esque vocals. [May 2013, p.67]"
The New York Times,70,"Its definitely a progression from her last album into a more profound and polished sound."
Paste Magazine,70,"Arks sonic palette has broadened to encompass both ethnic instruments and contemporary sound effects."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"In total, The Still Life is a spry and rewarding sonic balm that doesnt outstay its welcome."
Spin,65,"While there is nothing astounding or extraordinary about The Still Life, what it does is indicate that Alessi Laurent-Marke is a songwriter and musician who already shows a real promise of creating something very special later on in her career."
musicOMH.com,60,"One to bask in. [May 2013, p.94]"
Q Magazine,50,"For all too many, however, The Still Life is just too pedestrian and unmemorable to truly recommend in the crowded field of talented singer-songwriters."
PopMatters,40,"Laurent-Marke's facility for pleasant minor-key ruminations remain her strong suit, but the 'stillness' of which she speaks all too often sounds like a stifling lack of urgency. [May 2013, p.85]"
Under The Radar,80,"If Dark Dark Dark are one of many acts who seem to define the realm of vaguely quirky and slightly winsome indie rock of the 21st century, the lean of the performances tends toward the quietly contemplative above all else, however much in a band context."
BBC Music,80,"Ultimately, the band sticks to their proven strength and delivers one of the most restrained and delicate songs on the record, providing a compelling ending to an utterly worthwhile journey."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"An epic ambition that bolster Nona Marie Levine's lightly burnished vocals. [Nov 2012, p.96]"
Sputnikmusic,80,"A relationship breakdown between the band's two founders, singer Nona Marie Invie and producer Marshall LaCount, is laid bare, but with dramatic and beautiful consequences."
The New York Times,80,"A scene of glorious, twilit devastation. [Oct 2012, p.75]"
Rolling Stone,80,"Like all the best break-up albums, Who Needs Who bleeds heartache from every lyric, but keeps faith in music as the surest form of consolation. [Oct 2012, p.97]"
The Guardian,80,"In short, this time, they've nailed it."
Uncut,75,"Art-pop triumph 'Tell Me' puts it all over the top as the zenith of Triple D's young career. That's something to be optimistic about."
NOW Magazine,74,"Unusual musical flairs pop up all over Who Needs Who... [but] the style never becomes the substance. Likewise, the drama behind the album's making doesn't overwhelm the music."
AllMusic,70,"This forgiving, tender album still offers a welcome, optimistic twist on the normally bitter genre of break-up albums."
Drowned In Sound,65,"Perfect music for a seedy, smoke-filled nightclub, though likely to put you to sleep just about anywhere else. [Oct/Nov 2012, p.127]"
Pitchfork,65,"[The] spirited mischief is sorely missed elsewhere on Who Needs Who, as the album settles into a series of soggy, minor-key piano ruminations."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Who Needs Who marks Dark Dark Dark as a band to watch, even if they are still a few songs short of hitting their stride."
Clash Music,60,"A couple of tracks at once would probably be the best prescription to suggest, rather than ingesting as a whole."


Boston Globe,90,"It's a denser, darker album than 2011's S/T II: The Cosmic Birth and Journey of Shinju TNT, spending more of its time gazing outward, intent on gleeful subversion and taking delight in making noise for the hell of it. [No. 98, p.52]"
PopMatters,90,"Sub Verses offers such a disciplined sense of exploration, multivalent nuance, and commitment in its production and performance; it stands out in an already very distinguished catalog."
Q Magazine,80,"Akron/Family's seventh album proffers 10 diversely arranged slabs of leftfield clamour, all of them shot through with a contrasting pop-classicist melodic sensibility. [May 2013, p.90]"
Delusions of Adequacy,75,"Themes and aims aside, Sub Verses is simply an example of Akron/Familys continued good run of form, and undoubted confidence."
Filter,70,"Sub Verses proves we shouldn't take Akron/Family for granted; their restlessness is rare."
The A.V. Club,70,"Having spent so much time racing from one experiment to the next, its fun to hear the band settle in and take stock in its own legacy."
musicOMH.com,70,"Some of the extremes on the album feel awkward--the heavy metal too heavy, the loops of death overlooped, the calm too suddenly silent--but overall it is a deep, yawning collection of exciting musical experiments to dunk yourself into."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"The explosion continues here, infused with a bit more darkness than these guys typically conjure up--heaviness, even. [Mar-Apr 2013, p.90]"
Prefix Magazine,68,"Akron/Family are never going to stop changing and you never really know what youre gonna get, but they could perhaps do with a bit more cohesiveness and bit less grandiosity next time around."
Uncut,67,"As a whole, the transitions are a bit choppy and sudden, digging away at the coherence of the album."
Spin,60,"Six albums in, they remain fond of that very Swans pursuit of ecstasy through repetition. [Jul 2013, p.69]"
Pitchfork,60,"The trio continue on that trajectory, the mystic chanting and ceremonial trances dancing through the scattering ash. Due to that cratered impact, everything on the album sounds urgent, an exhilarating feeling that takes a while to escape."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Its a beautiful, often striking temple, one with some wonderful surprises. In the end, though, youre outside that temple listening in, the visitor that never quite gets to come inside."
Mojo,60,"Sub Verses may be genre hopping, but its not a particularly challenging listen as compared to its predecessors, albums that were both challenging and fun."
BBC Music,60,"Even if this album is only for a limited audience, it's the sound of a band pushing onwards and upwards into the blue. [May 2013, p.94]"
musicOMH.com,91,"DeMent craves stuff she can 'see and touch,' but her songwriting makes do just fine with feeling."
Spin,90,"This is an album of rare truth and grace."
The Guardian,90,"Sing the Delta... conveys a one-of-a-kind perspective that, somehow, manages to be as unassuming and humble as it is powerful and authoritative."
Paste Magazine,90,"A startling, inspirational comeback. [Dec 2012, p.68]"
AllMusic,88,"On this quiet beauty of an album, she once again makes a virtue of her modesty."
PopMatters,80,"This is real person-to-person music. [Jan 2013, p.95]"
Spin,80,"This is her first album of new material in 16 years, but it sounds as powerful and timeless as anything she has done."
Uncut,80,"These are personal, contemporary story songs that centre on DeMent's signature plain delivery, the gospel-soul horn arrangements and the occasional wailed vocal"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"It's been 16 years since her last album of original material, and Sing the Delta is her weightiest album yet in that regard."
Billboard.com,80,"Sweeping and stirring in its emotional depth, Sing the Delta happily finds DeMent testifying to her beliefs with feeling."
Under The Radar,80,"Her patience has rewarded us with a work of rare, unvarnished grace and power."
Pitchfork,70,"These artisanal songs of love and doubt wear their homeliness proudly; the effect is like finding a bountiful farm stand in the middle of nowhere."
Slant Magazine,70,"There's little that moves one to sing along here, unfortunately. The tempos are all slow, dramatic, and melancholy."
The New York Times,70,"Sing The Delta is as well-executed as it is welcome."
Alternative Press,60,"While Sing The Delta isn't DeMent's best work, it's full of understated, sharply observed songs. [Jan 2013, p.102]"
Q Magazine,60,"DeMent cuts through the sheen with a simplicity that reaches back through decades."


PopMatters,80,"Its a breath of air... and, mostly, that air is crystalline fresh."
Prefix Magazine,80,"A no-nonsense, classy set."
AllMusic,80,"Fans of Led Zep III should take a thoughtful interest."
BBC Music,70,"Each presents a very traditional, very organically energetic arrangement of a folk standard performed by undeniably contemporary musicians--emphasizing just how current many of these songs have come to sound."
Austin Chronicle,60,"Broken  Down Gentlemen is unshowy and classily-executed folk. [Apr 2013, p.101]"
Paste Magazine,60,"This will make a happy memento of a rollicking show, but set against the invention and distinctive voices elsewhere in folk, it;s rather marking time. [May 2013, p.71]"

Los Angeles Times,91,"The band has mastered the emotional gut-punch of quiet/loud dynamics, exploding from low-murmured harmonies into full Appalachian freak-outs."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),85,"'Babel' reveals a band happy to remain entirely Mumford - although a larger, smoother Mumford, offering fresh nuances and textures while emboldened by the promise of the initial mission."
Slant Magazine,80,"The London quartet's hallmarks--plucky banjo, hard-driving acoustic guitar--are in place, but the songs are bigger and bolder, right down to Marcus Mumford's exuberant wails that now grind with more grit."
Billboard.com,80,"While the band will undoubtedly be criticized for playing it safe on the new record, there is no denying the music is solid despite its familiarity."
Boston Globe,80,"It's not perfect, but it's perfectly Mumford & Sons."
AllMusic,80,"It's very much a 'if it ain't broke' album and, for now, that's okay."
BBC Music,80,"More than just a decent nu-folk album, Babel is a great pop album. [Oct 2012, p.82]"
PopMatters,70,"The power of the arrangements and Marcus Mumford's tortured-vicar vocals is undeniable. And if his conflation of love, lust and Christian spirituality sounds more like pre-dawn confusion than neat Bible lessons, it feels all the truer for it."
Spin,67,"There are images of walls and towers in nearly every song, but they don't serve as a unifying theme--a missed opportunity for an album named after a famous tower."
Uncut,65,"Babel is the more subtle and accomplished album. [No. 92, p.56]"
Rolling Stone,65,"It's certainly not a departure from the band's debut, but rather a continuation."
Paste Magazine,60,"While the former saw some structural variety, most of Babel is content to follow in its older brother's footsteps, delivering a slow build from nothing to eruption on practically every track."
BBC Music,60,"If you despised Sigh No More, then you will find nothing here that even attempts to change your mind. If you found the band's debut to be charming and fun, then Babel is absolutely worth your time and money."
musicOMH.com,60,"While there are some real gems here, occasionally the songs tend to fade into generic background folk music."
The Guardian,60,"This critic cannot in all honesty say, with a clear conscience, that their second album is absolutely terrible. Because it plain isn't."
Mojo,60,"If you can get past the earnest nostalgia and tweedy affectations, this isn't a bad album, just an average one."
Uncut,60,"Two albums in and Mumford & Sons still sound like a talented outfit fused to the starting block, paralyzed by the thought of having to truly race for their lives."
Q Magazine,60,"Babel bowls along with the ebullient energy one expects of Mumford & Sons, like a cider-soused hoedown at an after-hours lock-in. But while this works to the advantage of their more rousing sentiments, it tends to iron out the subtler creases in some of the songs."
Clash Music,60,"Essentially it's a honing of their 2009 debut, Sigh No More, but with more of the ferocity you encounter in their live show."
Dot Music,60,"the focus on matters of the heart is limiting, reducing the genre to the level of rusticised boy-band pop. [Oct 2012, p.84]"
Q Magazine,60,"This is ultimately comfortable listening, befitting folk sounds of a resolutely un-freak variety. [Oct 2012, p.96]"
Drowned In Sound,50,"The real issue with Mumford & Sons is its pedestrian songwriting and predictable delivery."
Prefix Magazine,50,"Individually, these songs pack an emotional wallop, performed with a passion that is rare in today's indie-rock scene of disconnected cool. But taken as a giant lump, they're exhausting dead-ends: 12 straight climaxes cancel each other out - and Babel could use a little rising action."
Filter,50,"What the album leaves you with is the image of a little lion man, rattling his ever-expanding cage."
Austin Chronicle,50,"While the quartet may be perfectly competent musicians, though, their fundamental conservatism plays against them on Babel, making for an album that's entirely too familiar and safe."
The Boston Phoenix,40,"For those who never liked That Guy Who Plays Acoustic Guitar At The Party, Babel's gonna sound like the dentist's drill. For others, this still may be the point at which you put down your makeshift tambourine, get up from the half-circle and find a better room in the party house."
musicOMH.com,40,"This much-anticipated follow-up essentially repeats the foot-stomping, banjo-picking formula, but scrubs away the subtlety."
Tiny Mix Tapes,40,"Consciously or not, U2-style evangelism is all over the Mumfords' bland but biblically titled second album, Babel."
Pitchfork,40,"With every crescendo of catgut and steel, their lack of nuance becomes wearing."
Delusions of Adequacy,20,"Effectively, it is emo for Blacksmiths. This would all be semi-tolerable, were it not for the sickeningly overwrought poetry bobbing on top."
AllMusic,20,"It truly is awful."
BBC Music,10,"I'll admit, the songs on Babel wouldn't be so painful if it weren't for the god-awful 'deep' lyricism of Marcus Mumford."
Uncut,80,"Hubcap Music is a seasoned, mostly joyous affair rooted in Seasick's fully paid dues. [Jun 2013, p.85]"
Mojo,80,"The songwriting basks in his love of music, freedom, friendship, dogs and tractors. [Jun 2013, p.78]"
PopMatters,80,"Hubcap Music finds Seasick Steve back on form, with an album steeped in gritty boogie and even grittier attitude."
The A.V. Club,73,"For better and for worse, Hubcap Music seems to announce that the man from another time has finally made it to the present."
AllMusic,70,"Recycled though some of these tales may be--his notable past tends to weave its way into much of his work--sung with his Southern drawl and playful hollers, Seasick Steve just about has the charm and vigour to carry them through."
Boston Globe,60,"Some fans may miss the hobo simplicity of yore. [Summer 2013, p.92]"
Slant Magazine,60,"The blues boogie tunes arent quite up to par, but its still a goody bag filled with enough treats to please fans."
BBC Music,30,"Avoid this tosh at all costs."


Austin Chronicle,80,"A great leap on from an already remarkable debut. [Oct 2012, p.114]"
Paste Magazine,80,"Like their mother's work, it sounds better each time you play it."
Uncut,80,"They don't significantly compromise the essential charm and glitchy poetry of the songcraft."
Rolling Stone,70,"Hidden is not merely a second step for this duo, but real deepening in a highly individual sound."
BBC Music,60,"This is a formidable leap forward. [Dec 2012, p.90]"
Uncut,60,"Although its boundary-stretching ambition is cheering, Hidden ultimately struggles to engage. [Oct 2012, p.87]"

Mojo,80,"Ashers deft work provides breathing room between the instruments, Martins subtle playing leaves the showboating behind and the trio delivers a modest gem."
Q Magazine,80,"It may seem an unlikely match, but Martin and Brickell bring out the best in each other. [Jun 2013, p.93]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"It works beautifully. [Jun 2013, p.75]"
musicOMH.com,80,"This is a sweet-sounding album with subtle depths, not really bluegrass, but a precisely gentle folk album that grows more graceful and revealing with each listen."
AllMusic,60,"The songs tap folk tradition without getting stuck in it; theyre full of struggling lovers, an 84 Ford, a baby in a suitcase and some memorable melodies."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Simple but lovely."
Clash Music,50,"This album clearly had the potential to be more than merely enjoyable. Its failure to be something greater sticks in the craw."
PopMatters,46,"Precious and self-indulgent, this disc is bound for the sale rack at Starbucks."

Dusted Magazine,100,"Woods works well to find the right space for each instrument, maintaining the balance between accuracy and capriciousness that continues to define the band."
Mojo,90,"Another near-flawless piece of work."
Observer Music Monthly,82,"It's a brief culmination of practice making perfect, with Earl and his band showing why they make a new album every year--because more and more often they are getting it right."
Paste Magazine,81,"Woods' greatest strength has always been songwriting, and sharpening the focus and cleaning up the production has only enhanced the band's welcoming melodies."
Rolling Stone,80,"Earl has often been overshadowed by bands on the Woodsist label he runs, but here Woods are allowed to stand out from the trees. [Dec 2012, p.79]"
NOW Magazine,80,"With fewer experimental throwaways, the album puts the band's best foot forward: toe-tapping, harmony-laden kernels of pop."
PopMatters,80,"While Woods may falter here and there, Bend Beyond stills manages to hold its own and then some. The Brooklyn-based band may have cleaned up their sound since Songs of Shame, but their signature spontaneity and amplitude come through better than ever."
Uncut,80,"They deepen their sound past lo-fi into something redolent of actual studio polish."
AllMusic,80,"Rather than make giant artistic leaps every few years or so, Woods are content to push forward incrementally, showering fans with material that nonetheless gets better every record."
The Guardian,80,"Bend Beyond is the most fully realized set of songs yet from Woods, and continues a lineage of each record surpassing their last."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Woods hit upon some of their clearest depictions of dark emotions on Bend Beyond, while simultaneously offering an escape in the emotive beauty of their music."
The A.V. Club,77,"You'll find records this year of greater agency, but you'd be hard-pressed to find one that renders pleasure with such poignant lightness, control, and willful attention to difference."
Los Angeles Times,75,"Besides a cyclical feeling that veers the album into the direction of repetition at several points, Bend Beyond is a solid listen."
Filter,70,"Much of the LP will be familiar to anyone who caught them on the road last year, but songs that curled into smoky haze onstage come into sharp focus here. [No.92 p.61]"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Another solid release."
AllMusic,70,"Bend Beyond however, peaks with intense bursts of energy, elevating this once stoner-friendly three-piece into a strange new world. Too menacing to be called folk and too precise to anymore be called a jam band, Woods is rolling with a newfound sense of poise and concentration."
NOW Magazine,70,"With Taveniere choosing to feather dust his Rear House recording tendencies for this go-round, Bend Beyond comes off as a bold, bright statement."
Q Magazine,70,"It lilts, but it gets by. [Aug/Sep 2012, p.115]"
Billboard.com,70,"The psychedelic outings sound too sharp as a consequence, but it's an effective repositioning overall, even if it's hard not to want to scruff up their hair just a little."
Prefix Magazine,60,"In sonic terms, it's considerably more aspirational than even last year's Sun And Shade, allowing Earl's take on various ages of American song-craft to snap into sharper focus. [Nov 2012, p.84]"
The Boston Phoenix,60,"It's hard to get excited about a record that rarely moves from its musical comfort blanket. But there are still moments."
New Musical Express (NME),100,"The dark matter of his fall that holds The Graceless Age together is formidable stuff. [Jun 2013, p.85]"
Spin,100,"I don't expect to hear a better album this year."
Rolling Stone,90,"This is what The Graceless Age as a whole does so unforgettably, bearing witness to a burning world. [Sep 2012, p.70]"
Paste Magazine,90,"There are standouts everywhere."
Uncut,80,"As harrowing and honest as some lyrics may be, though, the intensely beautiful Southern Sky at least offers his 'crooked arms' some redemption. [Sep 2012, p.104]"
PopMatters,60,"Fans of Springsteen's downer side might flow with the music's riverine vibe."
Mojo,60,"Its a well-crafted debut from a worthy new artist, but its competent rather than compelling."


Alternative Press,85,"Arriving ten years after her solo debut, Little Heater has managed to take the anachronistic qualities of Irwin's sound and imbue them with real relevance. [No.91 p.55]"
Under The Radar,80,"These stark, largely unadorned folk-country songs are given added edge by Irwin's faintly metallic voice, with delicate shadings from the like of producer and multi-instrumental wizz Tara Jane O'Neil and pedal steeler Marc Orleans. [Dec 2012, p.72]"
Slant Magazine,80,"The arrival of Little Heater, only Irwin's second solo album, is therefore a notable event, and nothing about it disappoints."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Little Heater is a lovely, evocative album that touches the heart, the soul, and the intellect with equal force; this is the work of a singular artist working at the top of her game and it demands to be heard."
musicOMH.com,70,"Little Heater is a document  that could only have come from her end of the road. [Aug/Sep 2012, p.124]"
Pitchfork,70,"At its best, Little Heater transports you to a dark world full of pain, loss and music so beautiful that it makes the trip not just worthwhile, but necessary."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Though hardly the type of platter meant to accompany any sort of festive gathering, Little Heater still manages to stir the senses."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Banjo, pedal steel, and fiddle show up on cue here and there with lovely results, but never to the point of distracting from the album's foundation of Irwin and her acoustic guitar just singing away their woes to each other."
Uncut,60,"Irwin peppers her songs with Southern Gothic characters, while her keening, naive voice suggests remote mountains where dark deeds are the norm. [Oct 23012, p.94]"
Q Magazine,60,"These intimate performances are not made for the masses or background listening, and are all the more potent for that."


The Boston Phoenix,100,"Tempest is Dylan's best musical album of this century, a vibrant maximising of strict rules and the savaged-leather state of that voice. [Oct 2012, p.84]"
AllMusic,100,"Tempest is in many respects the most far-reaching, provocative and transfixing album of Dylan's later career."
Paste Magazine,100,"Thirty-five albums in, Dylan remains as magical and mysterious as ever."
PopMatters,100,"[Tempest is] a thing to behold."
Paste Magazine,90,"Surprisingly, Dylan has never been more deliberate or so overtly savage. [No. 93, p.54]"
Dusted Magazine,90,"The coherence of Tempest is the hypnotic key to its charm."
PopMatters,90,"Tempest's epic scale and grandeur makes his few previous albums look like short stories leading up to a great novel."
Prefix Magazine,90,"There aren't many records like this one, and if you give it time and it catches you, you'll probably still be listening to it when the deal goes down and your own ship comes in."
Spin,90,"Tempest is fantastic, but being impressed by Dylan is old hat. That he still finds ways to surprise us is an achievement beyond all comprehension."
Pitchfork,88,"Most of it is an inspired mix of blood and bawdiness."
AllMusic,85,"We're now at a place where we can pretty well look at Dylan's career as, essentially, an entire body of work--and, even when considering all of the obvious highlights of his past half-century, Tempest still stands out."
Under The Radar,84,"While at this stage of his career a new Dylan release may only be heard by longtime listeners, it must be judged against all music. Even by such lofty standards, Tempest succeeds enormously, placing it not only in the upper half of Dylan's catalog, but also with the better submissions of 2012."
Drowned In Sound,83,"How much you admire this record will depend on how redolent you find two of them: the quiet jeremiad 'Scarlet Town' and the quieter love-triangle cut-'em-up 'Tin Angel."
Austin Chronicle,80,"[Tempest has] a sense of dues paid as a continual creative replenishment, rather than a swansong. [Nov 2012, p.63]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"With its live wet vocal production, bleaker-than-black lyrical mien and varied musical layers, the album could be one of the Minnesotan folk singer's finest ever, a richly diverse and dire epic revolving around the burning suns of love, death, truths and lies with only two weak songs in the bunch."
Uncut,80,"On Tempest, Dylan easily puts to rest those detractors who claim that he's merely standing on the shoulders of greater artists."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"His most recent albums, however, have been uniformly excellent, and that includes Tempest."
Drowned In Sound,80,"As a sonic experience, Tempest kicks most Dylan albums in the cojones."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"It's his strongest album since Love and Theft in 2001, and still there's no pinning him down."
Mojo,80,"King Lear probably sounded like this after a couple of days on the heath."
Dot Music,80,"This crustily hammy, crowd-pleasing side of Dylan is one of his most satisfying."
AllMusic,80,"It's on 'Early Roman Kings' that the various strains come together most effectively, with Hidalgo's organ added to another Muddy Waters blues-stomp groove, and Dylan blurring history again in his depiction of the titular Romans 'in their sharkskin suits, bowties and buttons, with their high-top shoes'  neatly underlining the gangsterism of imperial invaders of all eras."
Filter,80,"The music is the same stew of beautifully played blues, rockabilly, folk and country as every Dylan album for the last 12 years."
The A.V. Club,75,"The record underscores his real strength, as a musical storyteller."
Under The Radar,70,"Dylan is in mostly excellent form--even when sloppy; it sounds like he's having the time of his life."
The Guardian,70,"Tempest is a flawed but mostly fascinating album."
Uncut,70,"Tempest is a relentless exploration of bleakness."
Pitchfork,70,"If it indulges in itself too much in moments [with long-running songs], Tempest is still a great album, though not the late-career defining collection that early buzz claims."
PopMatters,70,"He sings forcefully, in a raspy, phlegmy bark that's not exactly melodic and by no means welcoming. Battered and unforgiving, he's still Bob Dylan, answerable to no one but himself."
Prefix Magazine,68,"on Tempest, his latest album, Bob Dylan mostly sounds insane. That volatility can yield tremendous rewards-- on the ferocious 'Pay in Blood', it clarifies his nihilism, his cruelty-- but it can also be distractingly unruly, inching toward self-mockery, all wild undulation and hairball-retch. Which would be okay-- embraced, even!-- if the rest of Tempest didn't feel so rote."
musicOMH.com,67,"As with the albums that have come in its wake, this one will be compared to 1997's Time Out Of Mind, the last truly great Dylan disc. Though not of that caliber, Tempest finds Bob Dylan still very much in the game."
Paste Magazine,60,"Tempest delivers yet another collection of the ramblers that have populated Dylan's records since Time Out of Mind."
AllMusic,60,"But for a little judicious editing, it's a pleasure we could have shared with him. [Oct 2012, p.99]"
PopMatters,60,"This is one of his best albums in many years, although that's not exactly a ringing endorsement."
Tiny Mix Tapes,50,"Tempest is a mixed bag of ideas at best, many of which would be better served by someone like Tom Waits."
Alternative Press,50,"Though all are blessed with a wry and dusty charm that's hard to dislike, too many are rolled out in a way that seems more to do with autopilot than passion. Narrow Way and Duquesne Whistle mighty be jaunty toe-tappers but they're also examples of the lightweight fluff that blows around the album."
Under The Radar,100,"New stuff for him every bit, from pain to process, and consequently unprecedented in his previous work is the sweet melancholy measure of his voice. His songwriting, too, emerges liberated, lyrics forged, melodies flowing. [Apr 2013, p.86]"
Pitchfork,91,"His perfectly weathered voice brings out the simple sweetness of breezy heartbreakers. [22 Mar 2013, p.64]"
AllMusic,80,"Tooth & Nail is probably the most accurate and all-encompassing illustration of the great mans worth."
Mojo,80,"Just like Levi Stubbs, he can't help himself."
Uncut,80,"Weary then, but, as ever, authentic."
PopMatters,80,"Billy Bragg has released his classiest-sounding album to date."
Slant Magazine,80,"Its Braggs voice thats most prominent of course: warm and resonant, but also mournful at times, tinged with regret, that of an old soul looking at the world and shaking his head at its follies."
Alternative Press,80,"Through its songs he conveys truths about this country in a way that few other English songwriters, if any, are able to do."
Spin,78,"Less a pessimistic declaration than a call for release, the tune ['January Song'] sets a contemplative tone that rings throughout."
Filter,70,"There's both freshness and familiarity to this live-in-the-studio effort. [No. 97, p.53]"
Paste Magazine,70,"The scope may be smaller this time around, but in the end, the record delivers the same smart, sometimes funny, always impassioned results."
Drowned In Sound,70,"The tone of Tooth and Nail, lyrically and musically, is mature and sophisticated in a way that stops short of dull and ends up feeling pleasantly familiar, like reuniting with an old friend."
Mojo,70,"Bragg and producer Joe Henry, owner of the aforementioned basement where Tooth & Nail was recorded, make for a solid team, allowing their shared love of rural Americana to run wild and each song enough elbow room to get comfy by sticking to a pantry of few seasonings."
Uncut,70,"Tooth & Nail is mellow, but not un-edgy."
Pitchfork,70,"Despite the occasionally more personal tone to Tooth & Nail, he continues his role as social commentator magnificently."
AllMusic,70,"Its all very soft and comfortable, musically speaking, like an old couch you cant get out of."
The Guardian,70,"It features some undeniably strong songs but is lacking a vitality which would make it a convincing listen. Nonetheless, its fascinating in its own way."
Under The Radar,67,"In spite of its title, Tooth & Nail sounds like a cozy old rocking chair of an album, full of session players, slide guitar, and a songwriter softened by age."
PopMatters,60,"With a reflective outlook worthy of Braggs now venerable stature, this weathered perspective serves him well."
Q Magazine,60,"Though Bragg leaves behind punk rock fire for the personal, there are still political--and optimistic--moments, weariness be damned."
Paste Magazine,60,"Only much later, in There Will Be a Reckoning, does the familiar Bragg anger kick in significantly.... it's outnumbered here by more sensitive songs about things like relationship difficulties and dying."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),60,"Somewhat laid-back for a record made by an ex-punk, even one in his mid-50s. [Apr 2013, p.96]"
The A.V. Club,60,"For the most part, there's nothing wrong with the lyrics. 'Do Unto Others' is a fine secular hymn, while 'January Song' has some smart digs at the Tea Party, but, in both cases, the voice never convinces. [Apr 2013, p.80]"


PopMatters,91,"It's a harmonious, cohesive album - like hope and regret all shaken up in a mason jar."
Boston Globe,89,"Although the Avett Brothers can't seem to decide whether they're introspective folkies or a big rock act, The Carpenter hits the right chords in such a manner that no one will likely care."
BBC Music,83,"While a magnum opus would be compelling, The Carpenter's slight inward turn and few great songs may be enough for now."
Billboard.com,80,"The Carpenter's appeal lies in its gentle tempos and heartstring-tugging melodies. [Dec 2012, p.100]"
Los Angeles Times,80,"Ultimately it's The Avett Brothers' innate ability to deliver killer tunes and present them in an engaging fashion that connects them to a vintage pedigree of classic Americana artists, from Crosby, Stills & Nash and Neil Young onwards, that seduces you from track one."
AllMusic,80,"If the band can let go of their younger selves completely, that masterpiece will be theirs."
Rolling Stone,80,"While the album does weigh heavily on its dark themes--possibly too much so at times--The Avett Brothers have never sounded better than they do on The Carpenter."
Spin,80,"Overall this is a meditative collection that eloquently expresses a great deal of uncomfortable feelings few other songwriters are capable of addressing."
Filter,80,"It's this penchant for playing with contrast--between light and dark, comedy and tragedy, hard and soft, fast and slow--and their ease with switching gears between the romps and soliloquies that shines on The Carpenter, perhaps stronger than on any of their previous releases."
Mojo,75,"What we're left with is an album that sounds like something of an identity crisis. It's far from a total loss and there is much here that is definitely worth revisiting in that old reliable Avett Brothers sort of way."
The Guardian,70,"The Carpenter is strong from top to bottom."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"They've become Auto-Tune-less pop stars, and The Carpenter will only brighten their shine."
Uncut,70,"Good storytelling, the brothers' distinctive vocal lobs and a pleasant combo of banjo, bass, strings and both acoustic and electric guitar [are still present]. But with so many of the rough edges buffed away, there aren't as many nooks and crannies in which listeners can embed themselves, making it more difficult to become emotionally attached to The Carpenter."
Pitchfork,70,"The Avett Brothers aren't rewriting the book, they're just translating it for a new generation."
Under The Radar,70,"There's no shortage of catchy, bopping crowd pleasers on The Carpenter, and the Avetts churn them out with gusto and pride."
Drowned In Sound,65,"Too many of the other songs feel starved of that love, though."
PopMatters,60,"The brothers [are] as painfully earnest as ever. [Oct/Nov 2012, p.128]"
Uncut,60,"The result is a trifle confusing. [Dec 2012, p.85]"
Dusted Magazine,60,"The Carpenter isn't a total dud, because the Avetts are so skilled with a melody, but the plain-speaking has turned to clunkiness."
The Guardian,60,"The Avetts are clearly happiest when they're miserable. Which is fine, if you're in that kind of mood."
AllMusic,60,"The Carpenter, like many pieces of art, is a record that becomes more relatable with age and, most frighteningly, loss. For those of us that have been lucky thus far, we'll have to wait and see."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"The North Carolina natives mix the boisterousness with the balladry well, while delivering image-evoking lyrics in between."
Pitchfork,50,"Pleasant but faintly drippy folk-pop. [Dec 2012, p.65]"
Rolling Stone,40,"Save for the opening 'The Once and Future Carpenter', about a woodworker who abandons his trade to wander, this second album is pretty dismal fare."
Spin,90,"This is a brilliant album created by a music virtuoso that will cement Tylers solo reputation earned from his 2010 debut, Behold the Spirit."
Under The Radar,90,"Impossible Truth is among the years most vivid and evocative albums so far, revealing new and absorbing details with every listen."
NOW Magazine,90,"Impossible Truth says more with six strings than most records manage with a thousand words. [May 2013, p.79]"
Mojo,90,"Although he's stretching traditional, time-tested folk templates culled from around the world and back again, Tyler's vision is both distinctly American and deeply modern."
Q Magazine,84,"Tunes are built slowly and satisfyingly, ebbing and flowing into oceans of ambient sound. Through these layers, though, shine frequent flashes of utter brilliance."
AllMusic,80,"This is all instrumental, and as in Billy Idol's haunting 'Eyes Without A Face' these are songs that say so much without ever saying a thing, piercing windows into the soul."
Dusted Magazine,80,"It's possessed and peaceful at once, absorbing and wholly gorgeous. [Jun 2013, p.108]"
Prefix Magazine,80,"Impossible Truth feels like both an empirical observation and an epiphany, a glimpse of the glow behind the world itself."
Spin,80,"What William Tyler does is reach back into the past with complete honesty, and by doing so hes able to create new and exciting sounds from the social, political and geographical changes of a particular period."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"With no lyrics to anchor their meaning, many songs here are infused with pathos and awe. [Apr 2013, p.57]"
Pitchfork,80,"Impossible Truth is an unusually articulate trip. [May 2013, p.85]"
Mojo,80,"This album is easily taken as it is, a good side portrait of the parts of America that are somewhat still in the throes of modernity (if we all arent to some degree)."
Paste Magazine,80,"The Impossible Truth is more accessible than Behold the Spirit, but it is easily as adventurous, taking hold of places, spaces, and sounds, reimagining them and altering them just enough to make the entire recording sound at once immediately familiar and somehow wholly other."
AllMusic,80,"Impossible Truth is Tyler's second richly satisfying and absorbing record of solo guitar in three years."
PopMatters,80,"Tyler's command of his instrument is commendable, but his ability to use it for a compelling, lyrical collection of instro cuts is even more so. [No. 96, p.60]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"Whether hes softly plucking away or spinning a complicated web of chords, Tylers music is transportive in the sense that it can offer an escape from just about anywhere."
Spin,80,"Impossible Truth is flecked with everything from jazz to psychedelic and Spaghetti Western. Maybe this kind of depth is more common with instrumental music, but regardless, this is an uncommonly good album."
Uncut,70,"Impossible Truth is a dense and compelling album, but also one that shows room for him to develop into an even more impressive musician."
Under The Radar,70,"With a steadfast attention to his orchestration, it helps to illuminate his musical exploration of the West."
Paste Magazine,70,"This is a fine soundtrack to a road movie that's yet to be filmed."


Q Magazine,80,"Ultimately, Naomi doesnt stray too far from The Cave Singers previous output, but she, like any good muse, will captivate, invigorate and satiate."
The A.V. Club,80,"The Cave Singers find a way to remove the corniness from a jammy folk album, instead building Naomi with honest lyrics and a soothing ramble of guitars. [Apr 2013, p.86]"
cokemachineglow,80,"Not without fault, the album is a solid, cohesive work--and sign of The Cave Singers electrifying potential."
AllMusic,70,"The band demonstrates a keen awareness of how much to push and pull in any particular direction in its now firmly established folk/blues/rock axis."
Uncut,70,"The simple moments are offset by grander, more exciting ones."
Pitchfork,70,"The band hasn't strayed too far from what made it successful in its beginnings, but with Naomi, they've shifted their energy into producing the aural equivalent of a cloudless summer day."
Drowned In Sound,68,"The result: catchy and chilling songs that cling to the corners of your mind and remain with you through and through."
Spin,60,"Certainly, theres a fine line in-between a record bearing cohesion and every song being a clone of the tune before it, but Naomi suffers, even if slightly so, from multiple personalities."
Under The Radar,60,"There isn't quite enough to genuinely stand out from the crowd. [May 2013, p.98]"
Mojo,60,"Their fourth full-length has the band members grabbing snippets of musical influence from all over the Pitchfork-approved map. [No. 96, p.54]"
Paste Magazine,60,"Naomi is a decent album, not a good one."
Q Magazine,60,"Competent. Completely forgettable."
PopMatters,58,"On Naomi, the Cave Singers dont really fail at anything; however, save for a couple of moments, they dont offer up anything all that memorable either."
Uncut,50,"The varying topics and often-indistinct lyrics miscommunicate, making this record better suited for easy listening than deep delving."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),50,"Ultimately though, they dont commit enough to the sonic range which they eventually bring to bear, focusing too much on middle-of-the-road indie-folk."
AllMusic,80,"An obsessively dark record. [Oct 2012, p.79]"
musicOMH.com,80,"Steve Forbert is a wonderful songwriter with a clear and sharply observed vision of how life in the heart unfolds and reveals itself with the passage of time."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"This is not a return to form, or a wild new approach, just another Steve Forbert album, which means a very good thing to have in the world."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Musically, the production is spare and allows each of his cohorts to shine."
PopMatters,60,"Songs are complemented by a close-miked acoustic production. [Nov 2012, p.96]"
Mojo,60,"It's all lovely, melancholy, lyrically moving and beautifully performed. But older fans will miss the scrappy sparks Forbert used to effortlessly radiate on crackling live performances such as his spirited 1982 King Biscuit Flower Hour set."


Uncut,80,"This duos dark, lonely, roots-minded indie rock is affecting, all the more for its sparseness."
Q Magazine,80,"The rare moments when Bryant shares the spotlight are Wyoming's best and hopefully hint at Water Liars' future. [Apr 2013, p.94]"
Sputnikmusic,80,"Wyoming is a bright and promising collection of secretly wrecked songs, and leaves us curious to see how Water Liars will continue to grow as they walk their thorny path."
AllMusic,80,"Full of memories and unanswered questions, Wyoming asserts a sense of limitless depth, as the duos members seem to have developed a greater understanding of one another than on their debut."
Paste Magazine,70,"Water Liars songwriting has been compared to veterans such as Dawes, Grizzly Bear, and even Fleet Foxes, but their sophomore effort, Wyoming, has more mental meandering and grit than all of the above."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"Wyoming definitely has the feel of a second album, in that the band is now confident enough in their footing to try a little bit of everything. As a result, its hard to pin down this duo to a single musical approach, and thats just fine because the diversity is refreshing."
PopMatters,80,"Rowe's gravelly baritone is as suited to the shimmering surf plucks of Downwind, or the percussive pummel of Horses as it is to his sombre ballads. [May 2013, p.96]"
Uncut,70,"The Salesman and the Shark winds up with a gorgeous ebb and flow as well as an undeniably natural sound that suits Rowe's personality perfectly."
Mojo,70,"Occasionally, the production overwhelms Rowe with bombast ('Horses'); all the drama he needs is in that resonant voice."
Rolling Stone,70,"The Salesman and the Shark is head and shoulders above the work of most of Rowe's peers, and he possesses a strong identity as a songwriter, even if he doesn't feel confident completely relying on it yet."
AllMusic,60,"Whenever the album bares its claws, such as on Joe's Cult and the soaring Horses, it demonstrates just how good it would have been with a dash more daring. [Nov 2012, p.104]"
Paste Magazine,60,"There isn't much break from the gravitas throughout these dozen character driven, often lyrically obtuse songs, almost all of them sung from the first person perspective."
PopMatters,40,"While Rowe's deep-baritone delivery conveys intimacy, his lyrics are a grab-bag of overwrought, secondhand images."


Prefix Magazine,80,"Howl is an unequivocal roots recording, an evocative combination of Bluegrass celebration, deep bottom Blues and total allegiance to authentic Americana."
AllMusic,70,"This is acoustic music with one eye turned toward the past and the other squarely facing the future."
Billboard.com,70,"Whenever they seem affected it's when they try to be a little bit too pure in their bluegrass ('Hermitage Hostep'), but when they incorporate bits of rock & roll and gospel, or when they cut loose ('People Been Talking'), or lay back ('Just Like You'), they're a compelling, muscled Americana outfit, given just the right showcase here by Benson."
Paste Magazine,50,"If more attention was paid to crafting better songs, rather than just sounds, Howl would have been much more fulfilling."
The Guardian,80,"Dark, edgy, yet full of light and hope, Brother Sinner... is dazzling, moving too, and bordering on perfection. [Dec 2012, p.89]"
Q Magazine,80,"If conviction and quality are the measure of a songwriter and musician, the songs and performances on Brother Sinner & the Whale are the very measure of both."
Mojo,80,"All 12 are of a consistently high standard and sung with feeling."
musicOMH.com,60,"Not for the faint-hearted, nor those offended by religion. Often brilliant."


New Musical Express (NME),60,"If it were only possible to turn down the vocals, The No Testament would be a work of greater spiritual, and indeed secular, interest."
Under The Radar,60,"He's strong instrumentally, but maudlin content like Separate Ways and One Thought holds him back. [Dec 2012, p.90]"
Spin,60,"An unfocused set, maybe, but well worth checking out."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"All elegantly arranged and written in self-consciously prosy style. He'd say wry. I'd say borderline sententious."
The A.V. Club,80,"At times sounding like the Beatles, Teenage Fanclub, Harry Nilsson, Fleet Foxes, Big Star, and the Beach Boys all tossed in a blender, Ivan & Alyosha's All the Times We Had marks the arrival of a great band fully formed."
Spin,80,"Ivan & Alyosha offer an emphatic combination of allure and affirmation that all but assures instant appreciation."
NOW Magazine,70,"With All The Times We Had, they've nailed the harmony-drenched, foot-tapping folk/rock of the Seattle sound. [No. 96, p.55]"
Q Magazine,70,"While the blueprint of starting songs with sparse accompaniment and gradually building to resounding sing-along levels isnt exactly fresh, the music is so well written that it avoids sounding like a clich."
Boston Globe,60,"Themes include perseverance, climbing mountains, parenting, etc., although at times, they do wander into Cupids playground on songs like the title track."


PopMatters,80,"There's nothing but clouds on Occasion for Song, but rather than uninviting it's eminently listenable; an unflinching, graceful, truthful exploration of how to go on living when you've lost a friend, of how to recognize a world that suddenly seems that much darker and less hopeful."
Under The Radar,80,"In recognizing this missing piece [violinist Noel Sayre] straight on, Occasion for Song may finally have found a way forward."
AllMusic,80,"The Ohio-based band led by singer/songwriter Jerry DeCicca bears its share of melancholy and then some on their fifth album, but so do a million and one other indie bands, and none of them come anywere close to evoking the same sort of sad-sack super session [like one with Lee Hazlewood, Townes Van Zandt, Stuart Staples from Tindersticks, and Mickey Newbury]."
Pitchfork,80,"It's tender, gentle, and expresses what absence teaches in the music and poetic language of Gothic Americana -- without nostalgia or artifice."
The Guardian,76,"A complex, even contradictory record, not just the Black Swans' best but one of the most incisive and moving mediations on life and the loss of it in recent memory."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Occasion for Song is remarkable in that it digs into all these different permutations of grief, from the sad to the funny to the strange, and in that way feels like a full statement, a completely realized letter to their lost friend and bandmate."
Uncut,70,"While many songwriters tuck their thoughts away in layers of allusion and metaphor, The Black Swans win here braving the misery head-on."
Rolling Stone,60,"Sadly the momentum's not maintained once DeCicca and company quickly slip back into their plaintive posturing."
The Guardian,90,"Everything on these two discs fits into the theme and flow."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"It's an impressive cast, matched by the energy and eccentricity of the contemporary and traditional songs alike. [Jun 2013, p.81]"
Mojo,80,"As a 36-song sequel, the album drags at times. But there's buried treasure here too. [Apr 2013, p.112]"
Uncut,80,"Producer Hal Willner has dug deep to improve on [the original Rogue's Gallery] and reckons he has a happier collection as a result. [Apr 2013, p.88]"
Austin Chronicle,80,"Patchy, maybe, but for the most part it's enormous fun."
Filter,80,"All in all, its a refreshingly varied voyage."
AllMusic,80,"This follow-up to the original 2006 Rogue's Gallery sea-shanty compilation is slightly less salty but just as broad-ranging musically."
Pitchfork,80,"There are 36 performances, most of them evincing a spumey 'aaaargh, Jim-lad' recreational vibe."
PopMatters,75,"The sheer volume of ocean-weary crooning on this Depp co-produced comp is bound to cause some seasickness, though Tom Waits bark about rum-fueled heartbreak and Patti Smith coo about mermaids should stave off scurvy. [1 Mar 2013, p.66]"
PopMatters,70,"The songs here arent fussy recreations of the past. They provide new interpretations of old material."
Delusions of Adequacy,67,"It's equal in heft to the first one, and just as uneven."
musicOMH.com,65,"More often than not, it's a fun excursion. [Mar-Apr 2013, p.102]"
Spin,60,"Really, it just suffers from sequel syndrome, as theres a fine single-disc collection buried within some over-blown, try-hard choices."
AllMusic,60,"Inevitably its also an adventure in need of an edit."
No Ripcord,60,"Son of Rogues Gallery merits a couple of hours of anyones time. Just dont expect to put it all on repeat. The tracks you do will be worth it."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Yes, there are duds among these 36 tracks. But they pass the time."
Tiny Mix Tapes,50,"It works better in theory than in practice."


Mojo,80,"The Twigs sound tough and robust, ready to take on the whole world rather than cultivate one small part of it. [Feb 2013, p.45]"
NOW Magazine,80,"Welcome to 21st century Appalachian string band music. It hasn't changed that much. It doesn't have to, because it still works fine."
Uncut,74,"Rough Carpenters sounds vibrant and enveloping, an old-time feat for these mercurial times."
Prefix Magazine,70,"By calling their album Rough Carpenters, the Pickers are inevitably alluding to their creations as constructs of old timber, offered up with spontaneity and passion rather than precision. But its also a misleading moniker, for what is unquestionably the groups smoothest ride yet."
Pitchfork,70,"Not much of a change then, is it? But if it aint broke, dont fix it."
Drowned In Sound,70,"It doesnt feel like a trip back into the past, but rather a reminder that the present need not be filtered through whatever technologies weve dreamed up."
Austin Chronicle,70,"With Rough Carpenters, the pickers are deeply respectful of the revenant forms they're extending, but the music is never leaden. [Mar 2013, p.67]"
Lost At Sea,80,"Their thrilling music rooted in old country with touches of blues and gospel can't help but remind you of Jack and Meg and Johnny and June. [Jun 2013, p.93]"
The A.V. Club,80,"All 11 tracks on the album jump, shout and twang the heartstrings, albeit with a knowing wink. [Jun 2013, p.105]"
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Their debut album is a delight, from the uncomplicated bluesy strut of Tickin' Bomb to the brass inflections on the knowingly tongue-in-cheek Hail Hail."
musicOMH.com,80,"Trent is as solid as an anvil in his straightman's role, while Hearst is a real firecracker. [Sep 2012, p.85]"
Hot Press,80,"O' Be Joyful would be their resulting--and across-the-board winning--entre to celebrity chefdom."
Pitchfork,76,"Their new record O' Be Joyful is a delightful combination of knee-slapping, bordering-on-gospel folk tracks and bluesy guitar-driven rock."
Filter,60,"There's nothing here that we haven't heard many times before, but for many that will be the heart of their appeal."
NOW Magazine,60,"Most of the songs, including the strong opening track, concern the duo's history as a couple and a band."


Prefix Magazine,90,"It's a vibrant set with a live feel, alternating between rowdy folk-rockers and some of Thompson's most poignant ballads. [Mar 2013, p.77]"
Sputnikmusic,90,"Unlike most of his peers, Thompson is defying the march of time, continuing to write and perform at an exceptional level. Electric easily deserves a place alongside his best solo releases."
Tiny Mix Tapes,88,"Dream Attic was looser and rougher than the guitarist had been in quite some time, a timely reminder that Thompson could still let it rip, and Electric follows suit."
PopMatters,80,"The songs on Electric are given more opportunity to breathe and worm their way into our hearts."
Under The Radar,80,"A vigorous 11-song collection that keeps the lyrics and melodies straightforward, allowing the complexity and uniqueness of his guitar-playing to burst through."
Drowned In Sound,80,"In its creation of something towering from fundamental, basic elements, it is alchemical."
The Guardian,80,"Redemption by plucked string. Buddy Miller produces analogically."
Uncut,80,"Electric finds Richard Thompson at his most stripped-down and potent."
Q Magazine,80,"It's classic Thompson, packed with bleak stories of male failings, usually with a woman involved."
Spin,80,"He's written better collections of songs, but for fun, warmth, vigour and power, it' sup there with his best. [Mar 2013, p.86]"
Alternative Press,80,"Buddy Miller's production is fresh, tuned to the immediacy of Thompson's performances; any fault with Electric can't be laid at his door--only at the strangely stiff quality of the first few songs."
cokemachineglow,80,"Thompsons classic folk rock formula is revived once more, and his frequent guitar solos are as sour as his lyrical wit."
Mojo,80,"As good as the songs are, the distinguishing characteristic of Electric is its atmosphere, how the music jumps and breathes, how Miller has given Thompson his liveliest album in years and, on just sheer sonic terms, his best in a while, too."
Prefix Magazine,80,"This is another in a seemingly endless streak of quality albums from Richard Thompson, a journeyman artist in the homestretch of his long career, whose best years never seem to be behind him."
Urb,78,"Buddy Miller in the producer seat allows Thompson some breathing room, plus the trio of guitar, bass, and drums gives the material just enough ambiance to fulfill its innate power."
The A.V. Club,73,"Man, does Music City bleed through the album, leaving a hushed honky-tonk throb with gritty production."
Mojo,70,"Electric is a return to one of his best attributes, the snarling electric guitar. [Mar 2013, p. 95]"
Uncut,70,"he overriding feel of the album is one of attack although conscious maybe that light and shade is always to be found within the Thompson palette."
Spin,70,"A fairly solid and consistent addition to the impressive and otherworldly canon of Richard Thompson."
Under The Radar,70,"The thrills are few, but the excellence is undeniable."
The Guardian,65,"The songs here play like a life's snapshot, from winsome to saucy to conflicted. [Mar-Apr 2013, p.106]"
Dusted Magazine,60,"Overall, Electric is another consistent yet unsurprising recent Thompson album. [No. 95, p.59]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Thompson narrates this break-up in a voice tinged as much with near-eastern devotional music as it is traditional song."
Billboard.com,60,"Electric is a first-class showcase for Thompson's spine-tingling solos but not the consistent song collection that was 2010's Dream Attic. [Mar 2013, p.110]"

AllMusic,90,"With all the percolating energy the album delivers, its three most memorable songs are ballads."
Slant Magazine,80,"Carry Me Back ticks all the boxes: jaunty, soulful, nostalgic without being cloying."
Rolling Stone,80,"It's the achievement of their fourth studio album that this giddy mix hangs together as an endearing whole."
PopMatters,80,"With their latest offering Carry Me Back, the banjos are ringin', the mandolins are singing at the speed of a hummingbird's wings, the fiddles are sawed upon with vigor, and the fog of the Tennessee hills calls to all of us."
The New York Times,80,"Yeah, it's the new OCMS album and, not surprisingly, it's simple and great (and simply great)."
AllMusic,80,"What's most impressive about the songs on Carry Me Back is that, in composing their original material, OCMS manages to apply their old-timey frame of reference to contemporary issues with subtlety and control."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Thought and care are in these songs, and they all fall together in a nice flow."
musicOMH.com,75,"These are also simply the band's finest songs in some time."
Slant Magazine,70,"These harrowing tackles of murder, bootleggers and war jangle the heart's cage. [Aug/Sep 2012, p.124]"
PopMatters,70,"The songs never stray far from the band's wheelhouse, yet they feel energized and impactful."
Mojo,70,"Carry Me Back stands as one of the group's strongest efforts to date."
Q Magazine,60,"A polished set of original songs that stretch their old-timey, southern identity into new shapes."
Uncut,45,"Although the harmonies and pickin-skills are still top-notch, Carry Me Back falls short in songwriting. [No.90, p.59]"
Hot Press,42,"Carry Me Home, the band's latest, doesn't suffer from a shortage of whimsy, but its surplus of cringe-inducing aw-shucks hokeyness is problematic."
PopMatters,40,"Carry Me Back feels like a sidestep towards a more traditional sound. [Jan 2013, p.108]"

Uncut,93,"Hayden has arguably crafted his finest album to date."
Drowned In Sound,80,"He still sounds like Hayden, but hes stripped down the production to better approximate the sound of a band in a room. That bare-bones intimacy works perfectly with his delicate voice and melancholic songs."
musicOMH.com,80,"Stripped down but nonetheless gorgeous for it, the album is an inviting combination of heavy themes and unassuming delivery, and easily some of Hayden's most colorful and intriguing songwriting."
Mojo,80,"In creating a warm, intimate sound emphasizing piano and organ over acoustic guitar for the first time, Hayden sounds content even when talking about mortality."
Observer Music Monthly,78,"Us Alone feels like a life coming into focus and meaning as the songwriter rolls into his forties with patience and appreciation."
The Guardian,70,"Call it a clich, if you must, but Us Alone proves that Hayden isnt remotely dead, creatively or otherwise. At least, its safe to say, not yet."
musicOMH.com,60,"Subtlety and finesse are the watchwords here, two elements that deliver artistic intrigue."
New Musical Express (NME),57,"Even with fewer hands playing fewer instruments, the songs nevertheless sound leaden, ponderous, drowsy. Still, there are some inspired flourishes."

Q Magazine,80,"She doesn't seek to graft herself onto these songs; instead, and with considerable skill, she draws out from them new layers of wit, tenderness and melancholia."
Pitchfork,80,"Hield's command of her material is unerring and the outcome compelling."
AllMusic,70,"Andy Cutting (accordion), Jon Boden (Hields's partner and the Bellowhead frontman is on fiddle, guitar and double bass), Sam Sweeney (fiddle, viola, cello), Rob Harbron (English Concertina and fiddle) and Martin Simpson (guitar, banjo) provide the classy framework for Hield to interpret 11 traditional songs."
The Guardian,60,"It's Hield's increased confidence as a singer that is most striking. [Jul 2012, p.102]"
PopMatters,60,"Orfeo's spare soundscape can sometimes seem a bit frugal, but Hield proves a versatile frontwoman. [Aug 2012, p.73]"
The A.V. Club,60,"It's an album that impresses rather than excites."

Pitchfork,80,"It ultimately presents as bleak a view of life as any of Greens albums, while also being extremely sweet about it."
PopMatters,80,"Like Arab Strap with bellbottoms and flower necklaces in place of the drum machine, Shapiro and Green are a match made in heaven who explore every corner of romantic hell."
Slant Magazine,80,"Even if they quit after this, the album will stand as one of the best duet records of the era."
Spin,75,"Wrapped in 60s nostalgia and emphasising the complexities of emotions, the record really has a little of everything, except true love."
Drowned In Sound,74,"While Green and Shapiro write about romantic tribulations, they avoid overdoing it by keeping these tracks brief and letting each other's vocals stand out."
Mojo,70,"As a homage to all the good things about 60s easy listening this ticks all the boxes even if it feels too much like a re-hash of times gone by."
cokemachineglow,70,"The subtle, sleepy, silkily textured likes of 'Pity Love' and the spry, sly 'Just To Make Me Feel Good' are a sweet breeze."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"This 10-track ode to the joys of a sad, sweet, mellow but occasionally dark and atmospheric love song is arranged with tender loving care and produced with just enough reverb to remind you of girl-group classics"
Under The Radar,67,"These aren't songs meant to jump out at you, but spend some time with them and little illuminations flicker to life."
AllMusic,60,"A little of these Lee & Nancy-style duets foes a long way. [Feb 2013, p.98]"
Uncut,60,"It's nice, if a little lightweight."
AllMusic,50,"For the most part, Green and Shapiro come over like a couple working their troubles in group therapy through gritted teeth. [Feb 2013, p.73]"
Dusted Magazine,40,"Lyrically trying to hard, and musically under-achieving, it amounts to no more than a shonky indie take on something that, when the pairing is right, can be truly magical. [Feb 2013, p.105]"

Mojo,100,"Great songs and renewed relevance aside, Woody at 100's greatest bounty may still be Guthrie's own sketches and illustrations, beautifully reproduced in the book. [Oct 2012, p.101]"
Uncut,100,"If none of the new songs are essential, they'll still be a boon to completists, while those who only know Guthrie's most famous songs will get a much more rounded overview from Woody at 100."
Tiny Mix Tapes,91,"This excellent three-CD overview of the hugely influential folksinger's career covers much of the obvious ground, then explores some less-visited hinterlands on its third disc."
Drowned In Sound,90,"The three-disc set brings the artist's life and times into sharp focus. [Dec 2012, p.87]"
PopMatters,90,"These recordings carry an arresting immediacy that hasn't waned a whit over the past century. [Aug/Sep 2012, p.124]"
Pitchfork,90,"This sumptuous birthday celebration of America's greatest folk singer is really a present to us: two CDs of his greatest songs and recordings, mostly from the mid-1940s, and a disc of illuminating rarities, including what is thought to be Guthrie's first studio session in 1939."
The A.V. Club,90,"There certainly is a great deal more to Guthrie's immense body of work than what is represented on Woody At 100, but apart from some newly discovered recordings that completists will want, this is an ideal package for the uninitiated, and one to be treasured for years to come."
New Musical Express (NME),85,"Woody at 100 may be the most successful attempt to capture Guthrie's sprawling essence, but it's hardly the first."
Mojo,83,"One strength of this set-apart from its generous but judicious stockpile of Guthrie art, artifacts, and analysis-is that it doesn't overwhelm."
Uncut,80,"[Guthrie's] story is presented here in this wonderful set."
Filter,67,"Woody at 100 doesn't aim to be the definitive, exhaustive guide to Guthrie's singular legacy; it's far too egalitarian for such ambitions."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"An album of real class."
Pitchfork,80,"It's a bright, optimistic, emotive world, Heidi's, and well suited to the neutral 'roots' pop sound which frames it."
AllMusic,80,"A lovingly crafted, deeply satisfying step forward. [Mar 2013, p.110]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"Talbot effortlessly dominates the set, with new songs cowritten with different band members."
PopMatters,60,"Heidi Talbot employs an engaging blend of ancient and modern on Angels Without Wings."
No Ripcord,50,"While some of this album is beautiful and delicate, at other times its vocal and musical honey smothers the intimacy of the lyrics."


The Guardian,100,"His first LP of complete originals is a thing of profound beauty; deep, sad, wise songs, allied to perfectly crafted arrangements, from a man who's lived long enough in darkness to address the big, heavy questions with a lightness of touch. [Aug 2012, p.96]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"What we have here is another excellent Chris Smither album, reason enough for celebration."
Drowned In Sound,80,"The wisdom expressed is crusty but benign, poetic and sometimes witty."
Q Magazine,80,"Valentine is typically sturdy--piquant observation and low-key philosophy played against an impeccable musical backdrop. [Aug 2012, p.80]"
Under The Radar,70,"There may be nothing here that Smither hasn't done before, except totally relying on himself for musical material."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),60,"These acoustic performances are laid back but sizzle with the soul of the blues."
Delusions of Adequacy,90,"Few, if any, artists are pushing the boundaries of traditional music further. [Feb 2013, p.79]"
PopMatters,80,"The combination of Robert's artistry and the exemplary ensemble backing him means the album succeeds in being a renewal. [Jan 2013, p.63]"
Uncut,80,"This music has been cunningly hand-crafted, despite the album's larger ensemble sound, and at times the songs come off like incantations. [No. 95, p.57]"
AllMusic,80,"A master of mesmeric laments, Roberts can conjure dusky cemetery air in a twitching of his fingers or sombre exhalation, yet A Wonder Working Stone offers high spirits in the gloaming as well as low."
Rolling Stone,80,"This is comfortably Roberts most colourful recording and, whilst it retains the hypnotic quality of his delivery, also takes another significant step in his development a living, breathing artist going well beyond the curation of folk traditions."
The New York Times,80,"A Wonder Working Stone is the work of a songwriter at the top of his game; inspired by tradition but equally inspired to break from it, fired by collaboration and freed to follow his muse wherever it may soar, like the ptarmigans that spread their wings through several of these songs."
Under The Radar,80,"It's fascinating to find that his dogged research has loaded these self-penned pieces with all of the mystery, language, and myth usually found in years-old traditional ballads."
Spin,80,"It's funny, touching, thoughtful, more than a little weird....and rather wonderful. [Feb 2013, p.89]"
The A.V. Club,72,"Roberts' voice sounds in fine fettle as well, and his reedy, keening brogue is the type of immediately distinctive instrument that is virtually impossible to imagine any listener accidentally mistaking for someone else's."
cokemachineglow,70,"Scholarly stuff this, but also an intriguing reinvention that makes this an ideal marriage of folk and finesse."
Dusted Magazine,70,"In A Wonder Working Stone, Roberts continues to tinker thoughtfully with the shared tradition of the Isles, always somewhat familiar but modern and discordant enough to render pause and consideration."
Q Magazine,60,"With A Wonder Working Stone, Alasdair Roberts continues to blur the borders between ancient and modern, between heady myth and harsh reality, and between folk and whatever sounds right in context."


Filter,80,"An hour in the company of Tom Paley and his revue is an hour well spent."
Pitchfork,80,"He is in fine, easy-going voice on most of the songs, and his multi-instrumental work on guitar, banjo, fiddle and autoharp is still remarkable."
Austin Chronicle,80,"This delightful album rolls back the last 60 years. [Aug 2012, p.78]"
Paste Magazine,70,"The 'Revue Boys'--Jonny Bridgwood (double bass & rhythm guitar), Robin Gillan (harmonica), Jason Steel (guitar), Dave Morgan (percussion), and the two Paleys --swing nicely across a range of styles and songs."
AllMusic,60,"Paley's voice is a little frail but it's true, and his picking skills are as finely honed as when he gave lesson to the young Ry Cooder and Jerry Garcia. [Oct 2012, p.90]"

PopMatters,100,"In vivid contrast to the sanctimonious musicianly overkill of Springsteen's Pete Seeger tribute, Young's overkill leads with its middle finger by ignoring the catchiest tune of the 19th century, the traditional melody of 'Oh Susannah.'"
Rolling Stone,100,"There's plenty to like about Neil Young and Crazy Horse's first work together for nine years, a collection of cover versions of essential American tunes."
Paste Magazine,91,"Even on the 66-year-old's 34th album, Young still has fire in his belly and fun in his fingers."
AllMusic,90,"Americana is, finally, Neil Young's best and most complete record since 1994's Sleeps With Angels."
Observer Music Monthly,88,"Given Ben Keith's death last year, it's the perfect merge: Young's rough-hewn organics and the raucous Crazy Horse."
PopMatters,88,"Americana reveals the hard truth inside songs that have been taken for granted."
The Guardian,80,"In a world where many acts of a similar age rely on their past, eschewing their original passion and fire for heritage, tradition and tribute, it's comforting to know that Young can both usurp these elements and carry on ploughing his own furrow."
Uncut,80,"Young reignites melodies and lyrics sadly frozen through years of rote recitation."
Mojo,80,"Neil Young and Crazy Horse, when they're at the top of their game like they are here, can make music of any origin rock."
Drowned In Sound,75,"Loose, loud, and fun."
Dot Music,70,"The album comes over as a political parable as much as an investigation into the spirit of place. [Jun 2012, p.56]"
Q Magazine,70,"Americana brings these songs back to life, and reclaims America's musical history with them."
Under The Radar,70,"You have never heard these songs like they are presented here, and there's a chance you have never heard them better, either."
Austin Chronicle,70,"Young makes these old, old songs vital. [No.88 p. 51]"
The A.V. Club,70,"There's an undeniable WTF factor in hearing these Cub Scout singalong ditties drowned in guitar feedback and off-key yelling. But that's the goofball charm."
Filter,70,"It seems pretty much like business as usual. [Jul 2012, p.63]"
The New York Times,61,"Americana doesn't so much amount to a caustic commentary on the modern-day American condition as capture a bunch of old pals trying to rediscover their chemistry by sloppily jamming on some standards."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"The fun doesn't always translate to the listener. [Jul 2012, p.113]"
Rolling Stone,60,"The rest is solid if rarely spectacular, with the Crazy Horse rumble making a welcome return to Young's modern day repertoire."
Hot Press,60,"While the sound of this is pretty uniform the quality is all over the place and very dependent on the song being covered."
The A.V. Club,60,"Neil Young and Crazy Horse just never disappoint."
AllMusic,60,"Though drab and overlong, it has a certain rugged, whiskery charm, which doesn't extend to the concluding 'God Save the Queen', a stodge too far."
PopMatters,60,"It gives us songs more memorable for their grizzly narrations or the occasional doo-wop harmony than the steady performances of mostly standard-format jams."
Pitchfork,60,"Americana in a nutshell: beloved songs from America's past, be they folk, blues or pop songs, such as the Silhouette's 1958 No 1 Get a Job, put through the mangle of Young's overdriven guitar and stretched to unnecessary lengths."
Dusted Magazine,50,"While it's briefly thrilling to hear Young's bolshy take on Woody Guthrie's 'This Land Is Your Land', it's nowhere near Johnny Cash/Rick Rubin standards, or even a Bob Dylan Christmas album."
cokemachineglow,40,"While the power-soak guitar solos ard gung-ho buck of Crazy Horse are present and correct, it's curious that Americana packs songs that don't fit its brief. [Jul 2012, p.88]"
The Boston Phoenix,40,"Going for immediate and real, Young ends up with a disc that resembles a tentative early demo for what could have been a decent (albeit strange) Crazy Horse album."
Under The Radar,40,"It is cursory, lumpen and dull."
AllMusic,40,"It all winds up as an ungodly mess: Crazy Horse do, as Young asserted they would, make these songs their own, but by doing so, they've made them so nobody else would ever want them."
Spin,40,"In attempting to honor the sounds of the past, Young ends up turning them into toxic sludge."
PopMatters,40,"It's the dampest campfire hoedown you ever did hear."

Tiny Mix Tapes,100,"The album is the real star here, sounding as fresh, vital and universally accessible as ever 25 years down the line."
Uncut,100,"Reminds us that, for all of Simon's genius with tunes and lyrics, it's his rhythmic searching and sophistication that sets him apart."
Mojo,100,"The character of the base music here is overwhelming: complex, ebullient and life-affirming, and in yoking this intricate dance music to his sophisticated New Yorker sensibility, Simon created a transatlantic bridge that neither pandered to nor patronised either culture."
cokemachineglow,100,"The music of Graceland is as stirring as always."
Pitchfork,100,"This entire collection proves one thing: Paul Simon and Graceland will remain as one of the most relevant pop records of all time."
Dusted Magazine,92,"[Graceland] was unique in its total, and totally natural, synthesis of musical strains that turned out to be not nearly as different from each other as its listeners might have expected, and the result resonated strongly around the world and across generations."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),90,"Forget the boycotts and controversy, and marvel once again at the magic that Simon conjured up on Graceland."
AllMusic,90,"The new box set does indeed help shed new light on the music and the entire project by way of the various bonus features that now accompany the original album... To paraphrase Rod Stewart, every album may indeed tell a story, but some stories are dramatically more compelling than others. The story of 'Graceland' is one of the most compelling in all of pop music."
Billboard,67,"The usual ephemeral padding--an extensive oral history rendered redundant by the documentary, a poster, and a replica of Simon's legal pad of lyrics--fills the linen-bound Graceland deluxe, which footnotes the remastered album with a 25-minute bonus CD of demos mostly heard on previous editions, though a 10-minute 'The Story of 'Graceland'' audio deconstruction by Simon sums up the box in a song."

Drowned In Sound,80,"A well-rounded triumph. [Mar 2013, p.76]"
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Everything on this impressive outing fits together like honey and smoke in a warm but vibrant Texas breeze."
The Guardian,80,"The result is her finest, most poignant and accomplished album in an already impressive seven year solo career."
NOW Magazine,78,"Arguably the whole of Give Me All You Got, plays out as a hymn to the free-spirited sinner who embraces the compulsion for adventure, as well as the need to put down roots. In one long breath, Carrie Rodriguez sings with equal affection for both."
Mojo,70,"There's a confident, bouncy feel to Give Me All You Got."
Austin Chronicle,70,"Tough but sweet, realistic but sanguine, Give Me All You Got shows Carrie Rodriguez learning and growing both musically and personally."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Give Me All You Got is as seductive and enticing as its name implies because clearly, Rodriguez is giving all she has as well."
musicOMH.com,60,"Sad, happy, tragic and triumphant, just like country music should be. [May 2013, p.102]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"While it's good to have Rodriguez writing her own material again, it's also nice to have talented friends. [Jan-Feb 2013, p.94]"
Prefix Magazine,60,"Nice is the word."
Spin,80,"This work reaffirms her status as one of the leading artists in contemporary folk."
PopMatters,70,"An assured and imaginative album."
Pitchfork,70,"For its sustained mood, its clarity of vision, its consistently lovely orchestration, and its pungent and specific lyrics, this latest break-up album is strong indeed. It's where Colvin does her best work, and this is comfortably among it."
Uncut,67,"It's a far cry from the fighting optimism of 'Sunny Came Home' but Shawn Colvin still writes with fearless honesty and genuine insight."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"[All Fall Down] is a dark journey lyrically: Good folks fail, lovers betray, salvation is an even bet at best. But the music... heals."


PopMatters,85,"Smarter pop? Seductive commentary? REALLY? Yes."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Just about every note and lyric on Erin McKeown's Manifestra is a step away from the norm. Yet the songs are so beguiling you can't help but follow."
The A.V. Club,80,"McKeown's seventh studio album is as bold and determined as anything in her repertoire, but it never sacrifices musicality for message, resulting in a taut, compact, and engaging set of 21st century urban folk songs that invites the listener into the fold before unleashing its directive."
Spin,70,"This is an urgent recording, not a pop classic like We Will Become Like Birds, but a rhythmically vital message that uses a smaller set of sounds to create a gripping band sound to support an interesting and worthy point of view."
Uncut,60,"She's an oblique writer and arranger, though, often interesting, never predictable."
Hartford Courant,80,"There's country stoicism, sentimentality and sparkling sadness on the songs. [Aug 2012, p.96]"
AllMusic,80,"All 11 songs are of high quality."
Billboard,70,"How much one enjoys this record depends on how much tolerance one has for the manly nautical descriptions."
Mojo,70,"Mark Knopfler has brought some star power to The Sailor's Revenge, but he's also treated Bap Kennedy's skills as a performer and tunesmith with the care they deserve, and this is a dark but frequently beautiful set of Celtic-flavored contemporary folk."
Q Magazine,60,"It is derivative and woebegone and its musical twists are seldom hard to predict, but it is also finely crafted and devoid of the phoniness which can make such works unbearable."


The Boston Phoenix,100,"Her best effort yet."
Rolling Stone,91,"There's not a weak track on the record, and there's something arresting in each song."
Under The Radar,90,"The songs on WWSFTC all hint at loss, limitation and aging, with Spektor's poetic sensibility and passionate singing giving the LP a wrenching sense of vulnerability. [No.88 p.59]"
Los Angeles Times,83,"Many of these songs are merely bemused, and when she revises 'I'm just a soul whose intentions are good,' all she achieves is a different singalong from the one you expected."
Pitchfork,80,"Spektor delivers everything with such guileless brio that you never notice the join [between troubadour style to chrome-clean hip hop]."
PopMatters,80,"What We Saw from the Cheap Seats succeeds more often than it frustrates."
Austin Chronicle,80,"It might be coming from the cheap seats, but for the most part, this is classy stuff."
AllMusic,80,"At her best, Spektor tempers her theatrics with a deep-seated empathy. Beneath the yelps, gasps, and exaggerated accents, she's a romantic, and What We Saw is her most deeply felt, resonant work to date."
Mojo,80,"She probably remains a bit of an acquired taste for some, but What We Saw From The Cheap Seats pulls off the impressive trick of stylistically bouncing about all over the place while retaining a very identifiable vision all of its own."
Uncut,75,"Beyond her playing, Spektor holds together the music on Cheap Seats with her singing, which even at its most intricately melodic (as in 'Oh Marcello') retains an improvisatory feel."
AllMusic,75,"Spektor still lets her theater-kid id run free, with affected accents ('Oh Marcello') and self-conscious heavy-breathing tricks ('Open')."
Dusted Magazine,72,"Much like Begin to Hope and Far, this record generally continues to juggle the same genres Spektor has inhabited up to this point."
Mojo,70,"[Cheap Seats] will please the masses by doing what she does best. That is, have fun, play games, and make beautiful music."
musicOMH.com,70,"What We Saw From The Cheap Seats could've been Spektor's magnum opus, but the flashes of brilliance here are enough to keep us hoping for her next release."
The New York Times,70,"Even tighter and more flamboyant than 2009's Far, [What We Saw From the Cheap Seats] may be her best."
PopMatters,70,"At times, Spektor can be too cutesy... More often though, her little idiosyncrasies are charming."
Pitchfork,63,"Though it rarely makes good on the promise of her earlier songs, Cheap Seats is polarizing, and by now most listeners will have already decided whether or not they can stomach Spektor's peculiar kind of verite, glass-half-full optimism."
Dusted Magazine,60,"There is much here to be thankful for, but there is nothing as immediately thrilling as some of her past pop gems. [Jun 2012, p.150]"
PopMatters,60,"It's the near-painful purity she conveys in the high notes that surprises most, especially on the mellower tunes."
Spin,60,"At its most affecting What We Saw from the Cheap Seats is a sad and touching record, filled with love and the memory of .... Parts of [the album] feel either disposable or a revisiting of old ground."
cokemachineglow,60,"Unfortunately, What We Saw is heavy on overlong ballads, and when she adds that trademark whimsy to the mix, it's nearly unbearable."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"She's still a pop maverick worth cherishing, but you wish she'd tone down the quirkiness just a little."
Observer Music Monthly,60,"What We Saw..., then, is the usual Spektorish mixed bag of literate genius and 'look at me' showboating."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"Here, the abrupt shifts between ballad placidity and animated angst underscore the theme of changing course."
Filter,60,"Parts of ...Cheap Seats feel either disposable or a revisiting of old ground."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"In fine voice and piano, Spektor skips down the yellow-brick road, offering new diversions at every turn. Fun  but the whimsy can be exhausting."
Slant Magazine,50,"Most of the songs are so flat that the singer sounds constrained."
Uncut,40,"The occasional glimmer of pop genius seen in the albums past is mostly absent, with plodding piano ballads in place instead. [Jul 2012, p.112]"

PopMatters,80,"JBM has concocted a glorious half-dream of a third album. [Aug 2013, p.93]"
Billboard,80,"JBMs electronically tempered woodsman folk is a blissfully eerie, emotional punch to the guts."
Under The Radar,75,"Theres no denying that Marchant can construct some amazing, well-decorated spaces. Now he just needs to populate them."
Mojo,70,"At its best, JBM's follow-up transcends it's self-imposed cliches. [Jul 2013, p.77]"
Q Magazine,60,"Marchant is at his best on the more forceful material. [Aug 2013, p.99]"

AllMusic,100,"The most compelling Spanish album I've heard in ages."
Billboard,80,"Perlas is debonair, contemporary and redolent of that old seductive charge. [Mya 2012, p.58]"
Mojo,80,"Perlas is a lovely, understated album, sure in its stride but happy to wander, and somehow peaceable and playful, even as the songs hymn broken hearts."
musicOMH.com,80,"This simple, heart-achingly evocative album brings a contemporary approach whilst observing the traditions of the rich mine of Spanish musical culture."
Hot Press,70,"Fans of Anda Jaleo will immediately warm to this ten-song set."
Q Magazine,60,"Foster's voice sounds as beautifully eerie as ever; imagine a ghost from a Deep South 78 brought back from the dead. Little else here, however, sounds avant-garde. [Jun 2012, p.101]"
Pitchfork,60,"There is a natural grace to these compositions that's difficult to deny."
Spin,60,"It's undoubtedly an acquired taste, and you can't imagine actually wanting to listen to it all that much, but there's definitely much to admire here."

Under The Radar,80,"Charmingly eccentric...but spiky too. [Jun 2012, p.92]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"It's the drift, eddy and thrust of the whole ensemble that tells the main story."
Rolling Stone,80,"It's a daring mix of tradition and modernity, but the group's skill and organic approach carry it off."
Urb,70,"It's a huge, focused, and daring leap forwards."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Overall it's a slow-burn success. [Jun 2012, p.74]"
New Musical Express (NME),40,"Things often get a bit messy, the meandering 12-minute title track with its extended percussion battle being the most jarring example. [Jun 2012, p.104]"

Mojo,80,"Sometimes things sound more Jimmy ('I Lost My Job of Loving You'), sometimes more Buddy ('It Hurts Me,' a searing ballad written by Miller's wife, Julie), but as with every good duets record, their combined voices have produced something greater than the sum of its parts."
Hot Press,80,"Mr. Miller and Mr. Lauderdale gave themselves a professional assignment that they could handle, as pals, with aplomb."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),80,"It's all delivered with customary warmth and swing from Miller's home studio."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"While it might not be breaking any new ground, Buddy & Jim is hard to top when it comes to supremely enjoyable Americana music."
musicOMH.com,70,"The defining breeziness of Buddy & Jim could never be mistaken for an ill wind, as such, but there are moments at which it's hard not to wish they'd invested a fourth or even a fifth day in the work. [Feb 2013, p.70]"
AllMusic,70,"Buddy & Jim in tandem is twice as nice and two of a kind."
PopMatters,67,"The two Nashville linchpins' close harmony duets and stellar guitar work uniting the eclecticism of styles."
Slant Magazine,60,"Miller and Lauderdale's duets has both the easy familiarity of old friends and the musicianship of old pros. [Mar 2013, p.96]"
Uncut,60,"Whether it's some twangy rockabilly or a thoroughbred country lament, their aim is always true. [Feb 2013, p.107]"
Billboard,60,"An eclectic, freewheeling set remarkable not just for its inter-twining guitars but for its vocals, too."

cokemachineglow,90,"Love is the Plan, The Plan is Death, perhaps Blackshaw's most lucid and rawest effort to date, explores the effects and possibilities of repetition, plunging deep into a humility that suggests the movements of this process of refinement."
NOW Magazine,79,"[Blackshaw's] playing carries some of the echoes of his ornate 12-string flourishes, but here there is a grittier edge, with bent notes and the audible sound of his fingers sliding on the strings, his winding melodies casting out concentric smoke rings that call to mind Ben Chasny's acoustic work in Six Organs of Admittance."
AllMusic,70,"It always feels uncomfortably like being trapped in someone's else's headspace. [Jul 2012, p.68]"
Lost At Sea,70,"While this isn't a mainstream record, it's perhaps Blackshaw at his most accessible."
musicOMH.com,70,"Love Is The Plan sits just fine alongside his other records. [May 2012, p.67]"
Filter,65,"Even if they are more refined, they may still sound very much like what Blackshaw has given us before."
Pitchfork,60,"Whilst this is a lovely, well-made album, nothing separates it from countless other acoustic folk recordings."

Prefix Magazine,100,"Part of its success is due to Stevens' uniquely ambivalent position, at once ingenious and ingenuous."
Under The Radar,89,"With more than two-and-a-half hours of music and enough extras to keep children of all ages occupied deep into the long winter's night, Stevens once again pulls off a wondrously wide-eyed antidote to the boring Christmas album."
Alternative Press,80,"Overall the compilation makes its way towards a bigger story of many ideas, emotions and textures."
Delusions of Adequacy,78,"Unlike the meticulously pleasant Songs for Christmas, which more or less sounds exactly like what a casual fan (or detractor) might expect a Sufjan Stevens Christmas box set to sound like, the music inside Silver & Gold can be as downright strange as its accompanying accessories."
PopMatters,75,"It's an ugly, beautiful, totally fascinating Christmas album, made by the only artist crazy enough to tackle the season in all its sprawling absurdity."
Uncut,70,"The darkness that gripped Stevens during his last outing seems to be still tugging at his heels. But compelling as those moments are, more fun are the tracks where he puts his expansive imagination to use and lets go a little."
AllMusic,70,"Inspired, frustrating, wayward, indulgent, funny, heartfelt and eclectic, taken in one sitting it's far too much, like gorging on the most excessive turkey dinner with all the trimmings. [Jan 2013, p.97]"
Billboard,70,"Some of the fun songs work on a larger scale and bear repeating."
Los Angeles Times,70,"It's very odd, varies wildly in tone and has its fair share of clunky bits, but it's all done in the spirit of fun and is always endearingly sincere."
Mojo,70,"All in all, Silver & Gold makes for a nice paring with Stevens' previous Xmas box set collection Songs for Christmas."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"So much, in other words, that wading through it feels as much of a chore as a joy."
Mojo,60,"For the most part, Silver & Gold stays true to Stevens' predilection for kitchen sink, lo-fi chamber pop, but he plays fast and loose with the formula."
musicOMH.com,60,"We're given a playful, fun, but ultimately unrewarding compilation for anyone other than completionists."

Observer Music Monthly,80,"Northern Shore explores terrain that's simultaneously familiar and bracingly fresh; it's a gem."
Uncut,60,"The uninitiated will find it a good place to start. [Jan 2013, p.81]"
The Guardian,60,"The band's adventurous use of sampling and beats pays off when supporting Andy Maize's vocal on The Herd, but the alt-folk arrangements tend to get melodramatic on quieter songs like I'll Be There and the tremolo-piano-treated title track."
NOW Magazine,60,"There's a fair amount of stuff here that does work here and works well."
Paste Magazine,80,"This brilliant light on the country's folk music scene has never sounded better."
musicOMH.com,80,"A smooth and beautiful listen."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"Mike Bub (bass) and Kenny Malone (percussion) make up the tight musical unit on 13 enjoyable songs, which were recorded in Nashville."
The Guardian,70,"Tender Is the Night is a mostly great album that succeeds in being a crowd pleaser as opposed to a serious work of art."
Uncut,60,"Purists may lament the loss of some immediacy to his songs. [Jun 2013, p.95]"


Pitchfork,100,"After he goes down on his knees and prays, as he promises he will, this album will be Exhibit A on his application."
Prefix Magazine,100,"It's a rather beautiful thing."
Mojo,91,"It's an exquisitely bittersweet meander through Wainwright's cobweb-strewn psyche liable to leave listeners laughing through tears and crying through laughter."
Spin,90,"You'd be mistaken to pass up the greatest album of Loudon Wainwright III's four-decade career, and an easy frontrunner for this year's best album, period, as 2012 enters its second half."
PopMatters,80,"Older Than My Old Man Now tackles serious topics with empathy and laughter. By looking at himself, Wainwright shows us what will someday happen to all of us."
Austin Chronicle,80,"The autobiographical Older Than My Old Man Now is a gleefully morbid summing up of his life in which he ponders childhood, family history, aging and death with an attitude of incredulity that he should be 65 and turning out songs like 'My Meds' and 'I Remember Sex.'"
Under The Radar,80,"It works, thanks to his bleak wit, his ability to match thoughtful lyrics against varied, mostly blues-based settings, and help from special guests."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"The rest is a warm and hilarious mediation of mortality. [May 2012, p.83]"
Q Magazine,80,"The confessions on Older Than My Old Man Now can be startling."
Alternative Press,80,"This marvelous album will resonate with sons, daughters, parents, spouses or those mindful of their mortality. In other words: everyone."
Mojo,80,"At 15 tracks, it's possibly a bit too long - but this is a man who's lived one hell of a life and has a lot of tales to tell. Indeed, it's a fair shout that this could well be the most entertaining autobiography you'll listen to all year."
Uncut,70,"Wainwright has a true gift for turning heartbreak into brilliant folk rock."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"It's riveting stuff; here's hoping the story doesn't end for a long time."
PopMatters,70,"Copious candid personal insights are shared with the gravitas of Johnny Cash over a bit of blues here, a fleck of folk there, and country stylings aplenty."
Slant Magazine,60,"Older Than My Old Man Now contains some excellent work when Wainwright's not putting on false bravado or bullshitting, but ultimately, this is for his hardcore fans rather than casual ones."
Spin,60,"Despite moments of brilliance, at 15 songs long the self-obsession sometimes grates. [May 2012, p.108]"
Under The Radar,60,"Amid the thoughts of ultimate demise, the creative juices never cease to flow.[May 2012, p.88]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"Best of all is 'The Day That We Die', Rufus Wainwright oozing mournfully with his dad about the way that familial potholes prove so difficult to repair."

musicOMH.com,80,"This is music that speaks of the heart, the soul, and the mind; her messages are articulate and well-crafted, and this ranks with her best work of the past decade."
Q Magazine,70,"With In the Time of Gods, Williams has produced another accomplished album that, at its best, achieves precisely that."
Uncut,60,"A few more upbeat tunes along the lines of the pop worthy 'Summer Child' might have upped the energy, but for established Williams fans, her ninth studio set is another classy entry that gets better with repeated spins."
Mojo,60,"What In the Time of Gods lacks, then, is a balance between the headier material and the wit and frivolity that have made Williams such a distinctive voice in contemporary folk."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"It's a lofty premise and, sadly, she overreaches with some unusually contrived lyric writing that spoils some of the great music behind it."

Filter,80,"This is highly listenable, but equally disturbing."
NOW Magazine,80,"It is the sound of a sweet soul contemplating deliverance; as mellow and fierce and fearful as that."
Uncut,78,"Never pedantic or didactic, never extreme or aggressive, Poor Moon is a warm hand on a cold shoulder, a vintage piece of soul music for new times in need."
The New York Times,70,"To put it bluntly, Taylor's music sounds bad on paper, but good in headphones."

Prefix Magazine,80,"From the Top is a mix of folk and rock and Americana, but James bends them all into new and daring shapes. [Jan 2013, p.95]"
Mojo,70,"The biggest complaint about From the Top of Willamette Mountain is that it could have been tightened up a bit more, its safe to say that James is an impressive songwriter, a considerable skill to have given how easy it is to churn out singer/songwriter folk these days."
Under The Radar,70,"James has crafted an envelope of sound to bolster his unique, almost choirboy styled vocals, that's easy to tumble into."
Lost At Sea,60,"The range of effects the place has on the folk singer resulted in his most resonant work yet."
Q Magazine,60,"[There's] an earnestness that often comes across as maudlin."
Austin Chronicle,60,"Joshua James' second release of 2012 is a thoughtful and pleasantly warm collection of songs that are steeped in the sound of Americana."
Pitchfork,30,"From the Top of Willamette Mountain sounds more confident than the UK debut he released earlier this year."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Pastoral and hallucinatory is how Sioux plays it here. [Jun 2012, p.83]"
The A.V. Club,80,"It's an album that never feels overstuffed, even at its most wandering."
AllMusic,70,"Sioux is another example of an artist who's figured out how to best complement her vocals with her music. Everything here feels connected and complete. It's just that what she's doing is nothing entirely new, which is the only thing that ends up hurting it."
No Ripcord,70,"Her mystical lyrics posses a beguiling aura. [Jun 2012, p.159]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"The depth of Sioux's technical skill is palpable and worth the listen."
Dusted Magazine,70,"What's most important is that the album marks her out as a talent to watch, more than able of holding her own against such forebears and, in turning in work as simple yet creepily perfect as Homeopathic or Twin Song, proves that she's more than worthy of our love in her own right."
Paste Magazine,50,"With so much good (and weird) folk music out there, it's difficult to strongly recommend something so sleepily middle-of-the-road."


Drowned In Sound,80,"This is an album about a mother's love, made by a mother, for a mother. And it also happens to be Martha Wainwright's greatest artistic achievement to date."
Slant Magazine,80,"It's inspired genre-hopping and relentless invention resulting in a substantial and brilliantly sung career-best. [Nov 2012, p.85]"
Spin,80,"There's months of listening here. [Nov 2012, p.108]"
No Ripcord,80,"Having gotten an dith Piaf tribute (and a baby) out of her system since, she reorients herself admirably with Come Home to Mama."
AllMusic,80,"Smart, elegant and affecting, this is surely her best yet. [Nov 2012, p.85]"
PopMatters,80,"[Martha Wainwright] has realised her best record to date."
cokemachineglow,80,"It's an extremely fine album that is without doubt her best work yet."
Uncut,80,"Wainwright's vocals might be dressy but her thoughts are naked, heartbreakingly so on All Your Clothes, a graveside conversation with Kate McGarrigle."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"It is a compelling, engaging, and emotionally powerful set of songs from a strikingly talented singer and songwriter, and this is her most intimate and affecting work to date."
Pitchfork,80,"As on most of the tracks, Wainwright sounds terrific, her voice swooping and hollering at times, and quietly understated at others. No matter the tone though, the emotion is always unmistakeable."
The A.V. Club,80,"When Wainwright leaves us hanging at the end of 'Everything Wrong''s soft chimes with the frank, childlike, 'I have been really really sad/Except for having you with your dad,' each sentiment is a choker."
AllMusic,75,"Martha ponders the intricacies of life and death with the kind of clear-eyed honesty we rarely get from someone as close to them as she still is."
musicOMH.com,75,"It's another creative leap for an artist who explores difficult human emotions with a bravery and intensity few singers ever approach. [No. 93, p.60]"
Observer Music Monthly,75,"Loneliness aside, Come Home to Mama is not a somber affair. Credit's partly due to new producer Yuka Honda from Cibo Matto, who freshens up the sound considerably."
Spin,73,"At the end of Come Home To Mama, I find myself most appreciative of Wainwright's confessional style of writing, how she reveals her main characters' flaws without shame."
The Guardian,70,"More provocative and aggressive yet theatrical than any full album the moody Martha has executed to date. Brava."
Mojo,70,"[Come Home to Mama]is quite possibly her best so far."
Rolling Stone,60,"Come Home to Mama is lyrically stiff on top of instrumental complexity. The lyrics need to be pulled way back. What does work are the opening beats and rhythms awash in a mix of sonic, ambient environments."
Village Voice,60,"This latest effort is underscored by sweeping arrangements and a turbulent pulse that only serves to accelerate that sense of drama and defiance."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Whether anyone outside Wainwright's devoted fanbase will take notice of the album is hard to say, but the world could use more pretty voices with smart ideas."
The Wire,60,"Martha Wainwright's latest songs characteristically zigzag about the emotional spectrum."
Q Magazine,60,"Venturing further into radio-friendly pop-rock than ever before, her fourth album showcases a strong voice which (unlike brother Rufus) actually hits the notes."
Entertainment Weekly,45,"Come Home to Mama deserves praise; despite having a bland title, it's the album where Wainwright finally comes out with some ideas. The problem is that when they do work, they don't really go anywhere."
AllMusic,40,"The po-faced classicism of Proserpina drags, and little here packs the visceral punch of Wainwright's older songs."
PopMatters,80,"Mostly she's reaching into the dark places, teasing pain from the wreckage and holding it up for all to see."
Paste Magazine,70,"Griffith presents her deeply felt personal secrets and political fears to sing and cover songs that come from the heart without shutting off her brain."
Billboard,70,"Admirers of Griffith's earliest recordings will no doubt delight in Intersection as much for its familiarity as the quality of its songwriting and performances."
Rolling Stone,70,"Downbeat words are buoyed up by light pop textures, leaning heavily for character on the fragile virtues of a voice that, while full of expression, is not designed for pop."
Paste Magazine,67,"Intersection is sure to please longtime fans, but it also strikes a more universal chord."
The A.V. Club,60,"Too much of the rest is forgettable. [Mar 2012, p.87]"
Austin Chronicle,60,"The bad times have never sounded better. [Mar 2012, p.98]"
Los Angeles Times,60,"If surprises on Intersection are few, even rarer are the disappointments. [Mar 2012, p.105]"


Billboard,80,"If Dark Dark Dark are one of many acts who seem to define the realm of vaguely quirky and slightly winsome indie rock of the 21st century, the lean of the performances tends toward the quietly contemplative above all else, however much in a band context."
Rolling Stone,80,"Ultimately, the band sticks to their proven strength and delivers one of the most restrained and delicate songs on the record, providing a compelling ending to an utterly worthwhile journey."
Spin,80,"An epic ambition that bolster Nona Marie Levine's lightly burnished vocals. [Nov 2012, p.96]"
Uncut,80,"A relationship breakdown between the band's two founders, singer Nona Marie Invie and producer Marshall LaCount, is laid bare, but with dramatic and beautiful consequences."
Hartford Courant,80,"A scene of glorious, twilit devastation. [Oct 2012, p.75]"
Hot Press,80,"Like all the best break-up albums, Who Needs Who bleeds heartache from every lyric, but keeps faith in music as the surest form of consolation. [Oct 2012, p.97]"
Slant Magazine,80,"In short, this time, they've nailed it."
PopMatters,75,"Art-pop triumph 'Tell Me' puts it all over the top as the zenith of Triple D's young career. That's something to be optimistic about."
Blender,74,"Unusual musical flairs pop up all over Who Needs Who... [but] the style never becomes the substance. Likewise, the drama behind the album's making doesn't overwhelm the music."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"This forgiving, tender album still offers a welcome, optimistic twist on the normally bitter genre of break-up albums."
Entertainment Weekly,65,"Perfect music for a seedy, smoke-filled nightclub, though likely to put you to sleep just about anywhere else. [Oct/Nov 2012, p.127]"
AllMusic,65,"[The] spirited mischief is sorely missed elsewhere on Who Needs Who, as the album settles into a series of soggy, minor-key piano ruminations."
NOW Magazine,60,"Who Needs Who marks Dark Dark Dark as a band to watch, even if they are still a few songs short of hitting their stride."
Mojo,60,"A couple of tracks at once would probably be the best prescription to suggest, rather than ingesting as a whole."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"A prayer of a record, despair turned into poetry."
Pitchfork,80,"The Marble Downs should be a welcome addition to the oeuvre of both artists involved. Quirky and challenging, yet ultimately rewarding, it may not garner new fans unfamiliar with either Oldham or Trembling Bells, but it nevertheless deserves a spot amongst the best collaborations of recent years."
The New York Times,80,"Even those wearied by Oldham's avalanche of releases should investigate. [May 2012, p.87]"
Boston Globe,80,"The Marble Downs is a cult classic in the making, and if Oldham's involvement helps more people discover Trembling Bells' eclectic brilliance, so much the better."
Q Magazine,80,"The Marble Downs is an unexpectedly gorgeous concoction of uncanny musical stylings."
AllMusic,80,"A collaboration enrichingly beneficial to both sides - and to the listener."
Hartford Courant,60,"It has its Mr. Fox-y moments but this feels like a minor clanger. [May 2012, p.83]"
PopMatters,60,"Sometimes it's hair-raisingly great... Elsewhere, this incandescent music can stray into baroque perversity."


Pitchfork,91,"DeMent craves stuff she can 'see and touch,' but her songwriting makes do just fine with feeling."
The Boston Phoenix,90,"This is an album of rare truth and grace."
Paste Magazine,90,"Sing the Delta... conveys a one-of-a-kind perspective that, somehow, manages to be as unassuming and humble as it is powerful and authoritative."
Lost At Sea,90,"A startling, inspirational comeback. [Dec 2012, p.68]"
Filter,88,"On this quiet beauty of an album, she once again makes a virtue of her modesty."
Blender,80,"This is real person-to-person music. [Jan 2013, p.95]"
Under The Radar,80,"This is her first album of new material in 16 years, but it sounds as powerful and timeless as anything she has done."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"These are personal, contemporary story songs that centre on DeMent's signature plain delivery, the gospel-soul horn arrangements and the occasional wailed vocal"
Rolling Stone,80,"It's been 16 years since her last album of original material, and Sing the Delta is her weightiest album yet in that regard."
Boston Globe,80,"Sweeping and stirring in its emotional depth, Sing the Delta happily finds DeMent testifying to her beliefs with feeling."
Spin,80,"Her patience has rewarded us with a work of rare, unvarnished grace and power."
Hot Press,70,"These artisanal songs of love and doubt wear their homeliness proudly; the effect is like finding a bountiful farm stand in the middle of nowhere."
NOW Magazine,70,"There's little that moves one to sing along here, unfortunately. The tempos are all slow, dramatic, and melancholy."
Uncut,70,"Sing The Delta is as well-executed as it is welcome."
Q Magazine,60,"While Sing The Delta isn't DeMent's best work, it's full of understated, sharply observed songs. [Jan 2013, p.102]"
Mojo,60,"DeMent cuts through the sheen with a simplicity that reaches back through decades."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Skulk is impeccably sung and flawlessly executed by the handpicked musician on show. [May 2012, p.79]"
AllMusic,80,"This fifth album is arguably his most measured, setting his supple vocals to acoustic, subtly innovative arrangements."
Billboard,80,"His treatment of (mostly) traditional songs [is unexpected.]"
PopMatters,80,"Two non-trad covers (Anais Mitchell and Fleetwood Mac) remind you that he's earnt the right to do what the hell he wants."
The New York Times,60,"Jim Moray's filtering of traditional folk music through a mesh of modern sensibilities continues on Skulk."


Paste Magazine,91,"The band has mastered the emotional gut-punch of quiet/loud dynamics, exploding from low-murmured harmonies into full Appalachian freak-outs."
Slant Magazine,85,"'Babel' reveals a band happy to remain entirely Mumford - although a larger, smoother Mumford, offering fresh nuances and textures while emboldened by the promise of the initial mission."
Boston Globe,80,"The London quartet's hallmarks--plucky banjo, hard-driving acoustic guitar--are in place, but the songs are bigger and bolder, right down to Marcus Mumford's exuberant wails that now grind with more grit."
AllMusic,80,"While the band will undoubtedly be criticized for playing it safe on the new record, there is no denying the music is solid despite its familiarity."
Billboard,80,"It's not perfect, but it's perfectly Mumford & Sons."
Hartford Courant,80,"It's very much a 'if it ain't broke' album and, for now, that's okay."
The New York Times,80,"More than just a decent nu-folk album, Babel is a great pop album. [Oct 2012, p.82]"
Mojo,70,"The power of the arrangements and Marcus Mumford's tortured-vicar vocals is undeniable. And if his conflation of love, lust and Christian spirituality sounds more like pre-dawn confusion than neat Bible lessons, it feels all the truer for it."
Uncut,67,"There are images of walls and towers in nearly every song, but they don't serve as a unifying theme--a missed opportunity for an album named after a famous tower."
The A.V. Club,65,"Babel is the more subtle and accomplished album. [No. 92, p.56]"
PopMatters,65,"It's certainly not a departure from the band's debut, but rather a continuation."
The Guardian,60,"While the former saw some structural variety, most of Babel is content to follow in its older brother's footsteps, delivering a slow build from nothing to eruption on practically every track."
Uncut,60,"If you despised Sigh No More, then you will find nothing here that even attempts to change your mind. If you found the band's debut to be charming and fun, then Babel is absolutely worth your time and money."
AllMusic,60,"While there are some real gems here, occasionally the songs tend to fade into generic background folk music."
Rolling Stone,60,"This critic cannot in all honesty say, with a clear conscience, that their second album is absolutely terrible. Because it plain isn't."
Paste Magazine,60,"If you can get past the earnest nostalgia and tweedy affectations, this isn't a bad album, just an average one."
Q Magazine,60,"Two albums in and Mumford & Sons still sound like a talented outfit fused to the starting block, paralyzed by the thought of having to truly race for their lives."
Sputnikmusic,60,"Babel bowls along with the ebullient energy one expects of Mumford & Sons, like a cider-soused hoedown at an after-hours lock-in. But while this works to the advantage of their more rousing sentiments, it tends to iron out the subtler creases in some of the songs."
Mojo,60,"Essentially it's a honing of their 2009 debut, Sigh No More, but with more of the ferocity you encounter in their live show."
Uncut,60,"the focus on matters of the heart is limiting, reducing the genre to the level of rusticised boy-band pop. [Oct 2012, p.84]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"This is ultimately comfortable listening, befitting folk sounds of a resolutely un-freak variety. [Oct 2012, p.96]"
musicOMH.com,50,"The real issue with Mumford & Sons is its pedestrian songwriting and predictable delivery."
The Guardian,50,"Individually, these songs pack an emotional wallop, performed with a passion that is rare in today's indie-rock scene of disconnected cool. But taken as a giant lump, they're exhausting dead-ends: 12 straight climaxes cancel each other out - and Babel could use a little rising action."
Q Magazine,50,"What the album leaves you with is the image of a little lion man, rattling his ever-expanding cage."
AllMusic,50,"While the quartet may be perfectly competent musicians, though, their fundamental conservatism plays against them on Babel, making for an album that's entirely too familiar and safe."
Observer Music Monthly,40,"For those who never liked That Guy Who Plays Acoustic Guitar At The Party, Babel's gonna sound like the dentist's drill. For others, this still may be the point at which you put down your makeshift tambourine, get up from the half-circle and find a better room in the party house."
The Guardian,40,"This much-anticipated follow-up essentially repeats the foot-stomping, banjo-picking formula, but scrubs away the subtlety."
Boston Globe,40,"Consciously or not, U2-style evangelism is all over the Mumfords' bland but biblically titled second album, Babel."
Hartford Courant,40,"With every crescendo of catgut and steel, their lack of nuance becomes wearing."
Mojo,20,"Effectively, it is emo for Blacksmiths. This would all be semi-tolerable, were it not for the sickeningly overwrought poetry bobbing on top."
Rolling Stone,20,"It truly is awful."
Q Magazine,10,"I'll admit, the songs on Babel wouldn't be so painful if it weren't for the god-awful 'deep' lyricism of Marcus Mumford."
Uncut,81,"My Head is an Animal is a highly impressive debut that's full of emotional lyrics, lush, diverse instrumentation, and a powerful and dynamic male/female vocals."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),80,"My Head Is An Animal deserves the attention it is getting, because it is a well-crafted, spirited debut album with soaring choruses and delicious harmonies."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"These songs are made to be sung by giant crowds at festivals: British success is already overdue."
Billboard,80,"A strong-willed, beautifully composed piece of modern day indie-folk."
NOW Magazine,75,"Even with a few skipable tracks, though, Of Monsters and Men bring an Icelandic exoticism and captivating energy to U.S. audiences on My Head is an Animal."
Pitchfork,70,"'My Head Is An Animal' doesn't disappoint. Endearing, exciting, and downright enjoyable throughout, it is one of the finest debuts of the year so far."
Under The Radar,70,"There isn't a bad pop song here, and the balance between whimsy, sensitivity and boisterous fun is expertly weighted."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Thoughtfully crafted and full of melancholic lyricism and quietly desperate romanticism, My Head Is an Animal should appeal to any fan--whether man or monster--of sweet and wide-eyed folk-rock."
PopMatters,60,"This Icelandic six-piece pull off a neat trick: They make whimsical sound tough."
Alternative Press,50,"On cutesy likes of 'King And Lionheart,' they're closer in spirit to the plague of emoters loosed upon the world by the success of Mumford & Sons. [Sep 2012, p.81]"
AllMusic,40,"The sextet's debut album is too empty to excite, its odder, quieter moments all but smothered by windy rock. A shame."
Spin,40,"There is talent here. If only it could've been matched to a few more original ideas. [Aug 2012, p.105]"


Boston Globe,80,"A great leap on from an already remarkable debut. [Oct 2012, p.114]"
Uncut,80,"Like their mother's work, it sounds better each time you play it."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"They don't significantly compromise the essential charm and glitchy poetry of the songcraft."
The A.V. Club,70,"Hidden is not merely a second step for this duo, but real deepening in a highly individual sound."
Dusted Magazine,60,"This is a formidable leap forward. [Dec 2012, p.90]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Although its boundary-stretching ambition is cheering, Hidden ultimately struggles to engage. [Oct 2012, p.87]"

Village Voice,89,"The general expansiveness of sound on songs like 'Ho Hey' make this young group's eponymous debut uniquely American in all the best ways: gritty, determined, soaked in sweat and love and drive. There's nothing precious or affected here, just three dedicated artists opening their hearts."
PopMatters,86,"The album is overflowing with upbeat, Americana gems."
musicOMH.com,80,"At it's best, it's impeccable. [Jan 2013, p.107]"
Pitchfork,70,"Yet for all its attributes, this fine debut stirs as much for its sense of what The Lumineers may yet become as for what they currently are. [Dec 2012, p.70]"
AllMusic,70,"Not everything here clicks together at that level, but each track is inventive, and when the songwriting and arrangements cross paths perfectly, as they do in the above songs, this is a delightful band."
Almost Cool,60,"Their debut album certainly has its moments... But too many of their songs float prettily by without making an impact, gossamer-light and gossamer-memorable."
Mojo,60,"The central concern is present-tense lust and heartache, which this spirited band translates into a fine drunk-clogging soundtrack."
Under The Radar,60,"Lumineers is an album that successfully weaves a homespun, roots-folk feel with poetic prowess."
Observer Music Monthly,40,"The slicing cello of Dead Sea and knife-glint guitar of Slow It Down hint at what this good-natured trio could be if they allowed themselves to be bold; instead these songs succumb to saccharine in a wish to charm."

The Boston Phoenix,100,"Woods works well to find the right space for each instrument, maintaining the balance between accuracy and capriciousness that continues to define the band."
musicOMH.com,90,"Another near-flawless piece of work."
Mojo,82,"It's a brief culmination of practice making perfect, with Earl and his band showing why they make a new album every year--because more and more often they are getting it right."
Q Magazine,81,"Woods' greatest strength has always been songwriting, and sharpening the focus and cleaning up the production has only enhanced the band's welcoming melodies."
Uncut,80,"Earl has often been overshadowed by bands on the Woodsist label he runs, but here Woods are allowed to stand out from the trees. [Dec 2012, p.79]"
Dot Music,80,"With fewer experimental throwaways, the album puts the band's best foot forward: toe-tapping, harmony-laden kernels of pop."
Hot Press,80,"While Woods may falter here and there, Bend Beyond stills manages to hold its own and then some. The Brooklyn-based band may have cleaned up their sound since Songs of Shame, but their signature spontaneity and amplitude come through better than ever."
Sputnikmusic,80,"They deepen their sound past lo-fi into something redolent of actual studio polish."
The Guardian,80,"Rather than make giant artistic leaps every few years or so, Woods are content to push forward incrementally, showering fans with material that nonetheless gets better every record."
AllMusic,80,"Bend Beyond is the most fully realized set of songs yet from Woods, and continues a lineage of each record surpassing their last."
Uncut,80,"Woods hit upon some of their clearest depictions of dark emotions on Bend Beyond, while simultaneously offering an escape in the emotive beauty of their music."
Paste Magazine,77,"You'll find records this year of greater agency, but you'd be hard-pressed to find one that renders pleasure with such poignant lightness, control, and willful attention to difference."
Rolling Stone,75,"Besides a cyclical feeling that veers the album into the direction of repetition at several points, Bend Beyond is a solid listen."
Under The Radar,70,"Much of the LP will be familiar to anyone who caught them on the road last year, but songs that curled into smoky haze onstage come into sharp focus here. [No.92 p.61]"
Observer Music Monthly,70,"Another solid release."
AllMusic,70,"Bend Beyond however, peaks with intense bursts of energy, elevating this once stoner-friendly three-piece into a strange new world. Too menacing to be called folk and too precise to anymore be called a jam band, Woods is rolling with a newfound sense of poise and concentration."
Q Magazine,70,"With Taveniere choosing to feather dust his Rear House recording tendencies for this go-round, Bend Beyond comes off as a bold, bright statement."
Mojo,70,"It lilts, but it gets by. [Aug/Sep 2012, p.115]"
Slant Magazine,70,"The psychedelic outings sound too sharp as a consequence, but it's an effective repositioning overall, even if it's hard not to want to scruff up their hair just a little."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"In sonic terms, it's considerably more aspirational than even last year's Sun And Shade, allowing Earl's take on various ages of American song-craft to snap into sharper focus. [Nov 2012, p.84]"
Almost Cool,60,"It's hard to get excited about a record that rarely moves from its musical comfort blanket. But there are still moments."

The Guardian,80,"A definite return to form. [May 2012, p.77]"
Q Magazine,80,"Unhitched from a major label, he has opted for a starker, more contemplative approach and sounds the better for it."
Drowned In Sound,70,"The music is an acquired taste but Tales From The Barrel House is certainly a modern musical artisan at work."
Uncut,70,"The subject matter may be familiar territory, but this is no comfort zone."
The A.V. Club,70,"Tales From Barrel House is by no means without flaw, it's too untameable for that--but when it shines at its brightest, it is every bit as alive as the people and lands it attempts to portray."
Pitchfork,60,"Lakeman writes, sings, plays, produces and mixes, which may or may not explain the rather dry, stoney sound of the album and the rhythmic forthrightness of the playing."

Filter,85,"Arriving ten years after her solo debut, Little Heater has managed to take the anachronistic qualities of Irwin's sound and imbue them with real relevance. [No.91 p.55]"
AllMusic,80,"These stark, largely unadorned folk-country songs are given added edge by Irwin's faintly metallic voice, with delicate shadings from the like of producer and multi-instrumental wizz Tara Jane O'Neil and pedal steeler Marc Orleans. [Dec 2012, p.72]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"The arrival of Little Heater, only Irwin's second solo album, is therefore a notable event, and nothing about it disappoints."
Rolling Stone,80,"Little Heater is a lovely, evocative album that touches the heart, the soul, and the intellect with equal force; this is the work of a singular artist working at the top of her game and it demands to be heard."
Urb,70,"Little Heater is a document  that could only have come from her end of the road. [Aug/Sep 2012, p.124]"
PopMatters,70,"At its best, Little Heater transports you to a dark world full of pain, loss and music so beautiful that it makes the trip not just worthwhile, but necessary."
Slant Magazine,60,"Though hardly the type of platter meant to accompany any sort of festive gathering, Little Heater still manages to stir the senses."
NOW Magazine,60,"Banjo, pedal steel, and fiddle show up on cue here and there with lovely results, but never to the point of distracting from the album's foundation of Irwin and her acoustic guitar just singing away their woes to each other."
Under The Radar,60,"Irwin peppers her songs with Southern Gothic characters, while her keening, naive voice suggests remote mountains where dark deeds are the norm. [Oct 23012, p.94]"
Hartford Courant,60,"These intimate performances are not made for the masses or background listening, and are all the more potent for that."
The New York Times,90,"What comes across most effectively is the ease that both Roberts and Morrison have with one another. Their vocals settle in together comfortably. That feeling adds even more bubbling warmth to this already toasty disc."
PopMatters,80,"No museum piece, Urstan energizes the past. [May 2012, p.80]"
Slant Magazine,80,"The pair dovetail beautifully on the mostly traditional ballads and work-songs."
PopMatters,80,"The album is full of superlative performances, and exudes an uncommon level of energy and joy, even at its more melancholic moments, and is a far cry from Roberts' often cold and hermetic (but excellent) solo performances. Despite Morrison and Roberts's being the featured performance, this is clearly a group effort, a fact further underlined by the band-credited arrangements."
Dusted Magazine,70,"The lilt of the melodies, the consistent surprises of the production, and of course the poetry of the lyrics are all more than enough in and of themselves to keep listeners fully engaged."
Hartford Courant,70,"Urstan is worth a plunge, even for listeners new to the musical genre."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Roberts and Morrison have crafted an elegant and vivid love letter to the music and culture of Lewis, and certainly brings to life the storytellings and traditions of this remote outpost."
Under The Radar,70,"Forget austere, bleak, slavishly traditional renditions  this is Roberts and Morrison we're talking about. These love and 'waulking' songs  one of them originally sung by women weaving tweed  are expansive, joyful, mysterious things."
Pitchfork,60,"Urstan find Roberts'signature whistling-kettle delivery ... framed with guitars, fiddles, drums and brass. A peaty, heathery authenticity pervades - to compelling effect. [May 2012, p.88]"
Alternative Press,60,"The LP works, but just barely... [Roberts] doesn't always mesh well with Morrison's cheerful singing. [No.86, p.57]"
Hartford Courant,60,"Morrison and Roberts aim somewhere in the middle, not immediate, not really elegiac, dealing with the song as a song, ['Never Wed an Old Man'] not as a story, when more story-punch would have given the thing kick. This measured approach works out for them on other tracks, however."
Mojo,50,"Urstan can be seen as a remedial effort. [Apr 2012, p.58]"


Uncut,80,"They consistently hit on the themes that have made The Hunger Games such a broadly appealing and resonant work, making for a soundtrack that reflects favorably on the film and which stands entirely on its own merits."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"The Hunger Games: Songs from District 12 and Beyond would be an impressive collection even if it weren't associated with one of 2012's most anticipated films, but the care put into the soundtrack makes it an experience that much richer for fans of the books, the movie, and any of the artists here."
Spin,75,"Far more engaging are the artists who imagine they've seen Katniss' future, and all they can say is 'Go back.'"
Under The Radar,60,"None of these songs will top the charts, and none of them are very immediate, but they work together like a well-oiled machine that delivers a relatively accurate depiction of how you might feel while reading the book or watching the film."
Q Magazine,60,"The T-Bone Burnett-produced album admirably employs a nuanced approach and a consistent tone rather than using the opportunity to cash in on the film's young core audience."
AllMusic,60,"Too often the pervasive mournfulness tilts more maudlin than high-lonesome."

The A.V. Club,100,"With Young Man In America, Anas Mitchell has created her second consecutive masterpiece."
Pitchfork,100,"Marvellous."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Young Man in America is born from sorrow, suffering, shattered dreams and incendiary youth 'waiting on oblivion', yet it's one of the most life-affirming musical journeys you'll have all year."
Q Magazine,80,"You have to be in the mood for Young Man In America but, when you are, you'll be rewarded by an absorbing album."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Mitchell put a permanent stamp of approval on her already sparkling reputation with the gorgeous and striving Young Man In America."
PopMatters,80,"Those same giddy vocals, rusticated, old-timey arrangements and lyrics combine childlike reverie with an ancient sense of wisdom and dread make it equally magical and rewarding. [mar 2012, p.106]"
Observer Music Monthly,80,"A sorrowful, yet captivating collection of songs, ensuring that Ms. Mitchell continues to snap at the heels of PJ Harvey in the female singer songwriter stakes."
Spin,80,"A remarkable, genre-defying album. [Mar 2012, p.86]"
Mojo,80,"A fierce, melodic affirmation of sadness and grief, love and lust, attachments formed both strong and precarious, Young Man in America is a marvel of a record from start to finish."
Under The Radar,80,"A deeply affecting album which preserves everything that was so marvelous about her beloved folk-opera [Hadestown], and ultimately performs a very handsome job of keeping out of its vast shadow."
NOW Magazine,80,"Mitchell has done herself proud."
Pitchfork,80,"A brilliant, highly original album."
AllMusic,78,"Young Man in America, is just as ambitious [as  her last release, Hadestown], but it's more intimate and accessible than its predecessor, focused on the textures of everyday life and the odd, stirring power of Mitchell's voice."

PopMatters,90,"For it's diversity, experimentation, and excellent performances, Leaving Eden is even better [than 2010 release, Genuine Negro Jig]."
Spin,88,"The result is a rarity in the Chocolate Drops' world: roots music as useful as it is beautiful."
Under The Radar,80,"The result is a wonderfully immediate album that feels like a Saturday night house party--complete with moonlight, dust flying from the carpet under the feet of dancers, and crickets and night bird calls out the open windows."
Filter,80,"There's artful variety; the band may have a particular approach, but they're no purists."
Dot Music,80,"Leaving Eden is a lesson in 21st-century American folk--a tradition that's as miscegenated as ever, and stronger for it."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Still the most electrifying acoustic act around."
Hot Press,80,"You can almost hear the chickens out in the yard and see the dust mites dancing in the sunlit air."
PopMatters,70,"The stream of banjo, fiddle, bones and spoons rolls on agreeably, marred only by a tendency to tweeness. [Apr 2012, p.73]"
Uncut,70,"Like the eponymous candy, Leaving Eden will draw you back for more of that sweet warmth to melt on your tongue."
Pitchfork,60,"The instrumental work is impressive throughout, but Gidden's vocals are the main attraction. [Apr 2012, p.88]"
musicOMH.com,60,"Far from coming off as a dry and didactic exercise in replicating an ancient style of playing, Carolina Chocolate Drops has instead reinvigorated old-time music for 21st-century ears."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Carolina Chocolate Drops are a gloriously energetic and adventurous live band, but this set mysteriously fails to demonstrate their range."
Under The Radar,60,"It has a winning blend of respect, technique and humour."
The Guardian,50,"The result is an album full of gateway music, lovingly made knockoffs that point to the purer and smarter bluegrass it's imitating."
Paste Magazine,40,"There's no faulting the brilliant playing, but by restricting themselves to exploring a fairly unevolved musical form they forever repeat its limitations. [April 2012, p.90]"

The A.V. Club,91,"The effect is both panoramic and cloistered, an aptly manic-depressive tribute not only to the band's source material and Guthrie's lasting relevance, but to the lonesome crowded West that so many have worked to document since."
Tiny Mix Tapes,89,"New Multitudes is a resilient tribute to Woody Guthrie based on the folk pioneer's unpublished lyrics."
Magnet,88,"When all is said and done, New Multitudes is a staggering work and a crowning achievement."
AllMusic,80,"Farrar, Parker, Johnson, and Yames have done the Guthrie family proud and provided a perfect centennial gift to music fans worldwide."
PopMatters,80,"New Multitudes shows, just as Mermaid Avenue did in 1998, that Woody Guthrie's work remains a living entity with a limitless capacity to inspire."
Uncut,80,"It marks the centennial of Guthrie's birth and is a fitting tribute."
Filter,80,"To fresh melodies of Guthrie would surely have smiled upon, the four adorn every lyric with fine guitar weaves of rollicking dance, rugged grind or Paris, Texas haunt. [Mar 2012, p.97]"
Mojo,80,"Guthrie's work endures because if its essential big-hearted hospitality--and Farrar, Johnson, Parker and Yames have mad themselves right at home. [Mar 2012, p.93]"
Uncut,75,"These concoctions have inherent charm both from Guthrie's typically pithy, sometimes deceptively trenchant writer's eye and from the foursome's fittingly earnest musical settings."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"The level of familiarity turns out to be one of the records strong suits, and something that distinguishes it from the Bragg/Wilco records."
AllMusic,70,"In the end, these four alt-folkies honor their idol's legacy, providing a gateway for a younger generation of fans to further experience and explore the importance of Woody Guthrie."
Billboard,70,"New Multitudes, on the other hand, aims for a darker and more introspective tone, and when Farrar takes center stage, he unwittingly reveals his Achilles' Heel--no matter who he works with, he insists on dominating the musical conversation, and when his co-writer has been dead since 1967, there's not much hope for any real balance."
Boston Globe,60,"Four singer-songwriters tag-team in a folk-rock vein, and the high points are when voices unite."

Paste Magazine,90,"It's clear that White's bravery in baring his soul has resulted in a quiet masterpiece."
Village Voice,80,"Tracks such as 'Epilogue to a Marriage' here, serve as a reminder that there's always room for the real thing, and you'll know it when it hits you."
The A.V. Club,80,"An excellent collection of soul-bearing Americana."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"White has not only fashioned a terrific album from less than ideal circumstances, but one that finally feels like a worthy successor to No Such Place. [Mar 2012, p.96]"
Spin,75,"His voice sometimes veers into brief, impressionistic Lou Reed talking or Mary Gautier twang, but mostly it's seductive. [No.85, p.61]"
Hartford Courant,70,"When White hits the target--and he does so more often than he misses--he's still a singular musical artist with a singular vision, and he's not even close to running out of stories on Where It Hits You."
Pitchfork,70,"White delivers a heaviness at times, but the disc never bogs down."
Los Angeles Times,70,"The Athens-based multi-instrumentalist is joined by an assortment of similarly rootsy musicians who help flesh out some of these generally atmospheric yet always moving pieces, many of which only reveal their subtle allures after repeated playings."
Hot Press,70,"Through the heartache, there is a sophisticated definition of sound; this is no guts-on-the-floor album of raw country blues."
Q Magazine,67,"His Yep Roc debut and sixth proper studio album plays more as an invocation of light against impenetrable darkness."
PopMatters,60,"White's devastation lends poignancy to tracks ... that skip with country celebration even as he chokes on the words. [Apr 2012, p.95]"
Magnet,60,"Classic heartbreak stuff. [Mar 2012, p.97]"
musicOMH.com,60,"White's albums have tendrils that imperceptibly wrap themselves around one's attention; and such is the case here."

NOW Magazine,91,"Punch Brothers' third album as a group, Who's Feeling Young Now?, sees Thile and company continuing their evolution into a more egalitarian enterprise, sounding less like a hot-shit mandolin player with a crack backing ensemble and more like a band--and something like a rock band, at that."
Drowned In Sound,90,"They may have just crafted a masterpiece."
Under The Radar,88,"Who's Feeling Young Now? strikes a perfect balance between flash and form, running blistered fingers on otherwise scholarly templates."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"The musical leaps Punch Brothers takes are invigorating, sometimes breathtaking."
Almost Cool,80,"An astonishing, envelope-pushing vision that mocks the idea of bluegrass being a revival genre. [Apr 2012, p.94]"
Pitchfork,80,"Who's Feeling Young Now?, the group's third album and strongest collection to date."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Disjointedness and pretension are twin possibilities, but the Punch Brothers avoid both pitfalls; what results is always interesting, and sometimes spectacular."
The A.V. Club,80,"There are fine, unexpectedly jaunty melodies here, but they come wrapped in complex arrangements."
AllMusic,70,"The third outing from the Punch Brothers picks up right where 2010's Antifogmatic left off, offering up another quality set of offbeat sophisti-grass that blends the whirlwind musicianship of Bla Fleck & the Flecktones, the spirited delivery of the Louvin Brothers, and the cinematic urban melancholy of Jeff Buckley into a sometimes impenetrable but always fascinating."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Thile has a fine tenor, and if the originals don't reach pop heights, they strike a nice balance between old-school and modern."
Slant Magazine,70,"Mr. Thile on mandolin, Noam Pikelny on banjo, Gabe Witcher on fiddle, Chris Eldridge on guitar and Paul Kowert on bass--have shifted the emphasis from instrumental wizardry to playful storytelling on this album, their third."
Spin,60,"Chris Thile is the most remarkable mandolinist in the world; fluent, articulate and sometimes just a little too clever to be truly engaging."
Prefix Magazine,40,"[He is] an exceptional mandolinist and brilliant composer ... however, Thile's deficiency as songwriter has begun to bleed through, and the quintet's third album quickly wears thin."
No Ripcord,40,"The band's twinkle-toed banjo runs and acoustic duelling fall flat here, hobbled by dreary songwriting."

Alternative Press,70,"The band are more interesting when they expand their sound."
Q Magazine,70,"The album grows stronger as its second half wears on."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"There are moments when Soft Hills' sound slight; even middle-of-the-road bland. But there's a beguiling soulfulness and a darkness to this record that will seep into your heart if you give it a chance."
Dot Music,50,"Songs about death and mysticism are intriguing, and Matt Brown's production work gives a sense of atmosphere, but the album is bogged down by tracks ('Return to Eden', 'It Won't Be Long') that feel aimless"

musicOMH.com,80,"One of the more riveting and idiosyncratic tribute albums of the past ten years."
The Guardian,80,"This is a powerful performance of empathy and passion. [Feb 2012, p.99]"
Sputnikmusic,80,"Rather than merely bashing out folk takes on [the songs of Wyatt and Antony], they've remodeled them, retained the sense of gravitas and added a fan's love. Gorgeous. [Feb. 2012 p. 111]"
Uncut,80,"In other words, it's a perfect match."
Mojo,80,"Some bands are stronger on record, while others go up a level when performing live. The Unthanks are equally compelling in both settings."
cokemachineglow,80,"The second Unthanks album of the year is a thoughtful, delicate and bravely original tribute to two fine contemporary songwriters."
NOW Magazine,80,"A triumphant excursion."
PopMatters,70,"On this wonderful live album, the acclaimed British group led by Rachel and Becky Unthanks interprets ... with spare grit and a silvery deceptive spine running through the sisters' Earth-angel voices."
NOW Magazine,70,"Taken at face value, they can come close to propaganda, but this improves their expressive value."
New York Magazine (Vulture),70,"This kind of tribute doesn't come about often enough, and they've nailed it, letting the lyricism and emotionality ring out."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"A feast of vulnerable balladry with a political heart and, audibly, much surrounding air."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"It's well-crafted, but clunky. [Feb 2012, p.105]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"The covers of their favourite maverick songwriters more than matches for the originals."

Amazon.com,100,"Leonard Cohen has made the best full album of his career (song for song, sound for sound, lyrical point for point; yes, this is true) and most certainly the best album of 2012."
Hartford Courant,100,"It is, in short, and as we might have expected, a work of genius."
The New York Times,95,"In an era of hype and hyperbole where such a word has lost its meaning, Old Ideas is in the truest sense a masterpiece."
Uncut,91,"Give it its long chance and you'll find that Cohen's sense of humor alive and kicking from the first words."
Mojo,91,"Fittingly, the album is all warmth, putting Cohen's improbably expressive smoker's purr in the middle of simple yet sumptuous instrumentation."
Hot Press,91,"The man in the suit still commands a room, telling tales of forgiveness, heaven, and alcohol. [3/10 Feb 2012, p.112]"
Austin Chronicle,90,"The new album is a willfully modest affair, its tracks stripped to their most basic elements: a synthesized keyboard and drum machine here, an acoustic guitar or violin there, meticulously arranged female voices everywhere as a counterpoint to Cohen's own increasingly cavernous growl."
Los Angeles Times,90,"The lyrics on Old Ideas reach for the stark power of prayers, hymns and religious riddles."
AllMusic,90,"With simple, delicate moments of memorable poignancy such as Banjo or Amen, he has now made a late masterpiece."
PopMatters,88,"Still feisty after all these years, his entanglements with love and aging [are]documented with wicked wit and an attitude that is anything but sentimental."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Old Ideas goes beyond serving as a solid-bookend, revealing the singer/songwriter's gifts to be entirely undiminished. [Mar 2012, p.83]"
Rolling Stone,80,"Old Ideas remain a quietly surprising album, full of grace, full of sadness, but also, most importantly, full of life. [Mar 2012, p.90]"
The Guardian,80,"Leonard Cohen sounds like a performer at the peak of his game. [Mar 2012, p.107]"
Q Magazine,80,"Old Ideas is the most musically considered Leonard Cohen album yet, and perhaps the first that sounds like the kind of thing you'd expect from an old master of the 1960s and 70s."
Mojo,80,"Old Ideas is a very good Cohen album; it may be great, but only time reveals that when it comes to his work."
Uncut,80,"Wonderfully unsentimental, beautifully tuneful."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Old Ideas feels like you're hearing Cohen performing live at a small club with a top-notch band of veteran players, and this new level of intimacy suits him perfectly."
Hartford Courant,80,"He filters these gifts of poetry and keen observation through his bruised, romantic outlook, into a fully-formed album that sounds as if it was always in there, waiting to see the light of day. Or the darkness."
Dot Music,80,"He comes across as a man still deep in the throes of religious and romantic upheaval, invigorated rather than intimidated by the nearness of death."
No Ripcord,80,"It is not wild hyperbole to say that he might be the finest master of his craft alive today."
Hot Press,80,"if it is to be his last communiqu, at least the old smoothie's going down swinging."
The A.V. Club,80,"An album that pores over the passing and the past with such defiant, deadpan nobility. [Feb 2012, p.78]"
AllMusic,78,"All told, Old Ideas might be Cohen's strongest effort since taking Manhattan."
Amazon.com,76,"Old Ideas is not the man's latter-day masterpiece but its title is as bluntly honest as any you'll see this year, in more ways than one."
Billboard,75,"The sparse production recalls Cohen's 1988 release, 'I'm Your Man,' by throwing the Canadian balladeer's ever-deepening voice and his mix of poetic flair and pitch-black humor into satisfyingly stark relief."
Blender,75,"The 10-track album is heavily front-loaded--while the texture and tone remain relatively consistent, the writing 'relaxes' a bit about halfway through, and there's little in the record's second half that's as intensely arresting as any of the aforementioned songs."
Boston Globe,74,"The songs are decent, the singing is stunning."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"For all its flaws, Old Ideas remains Cohen's strongest work for some time."
Village Voice,70,"Old Ideas, however, succeeds in largely keeping the music subservient, buoyant enough to keep things moving but not distracting any attention from the lyrics, the true star of the show."
musicOMH.com,70,"There's a distinct valedictory tone to his customary musings upon life, love and the spirit, with one track titled 'Amen' and another 'The Darkness'. But if it is to be his last communiqu, at least the old smoothie's going down swinging."
Paste Magazine,60,"Not to say Cohen is not an artist to be treasured, just that Old Ideas may not be entirely essential."
PopMatters,50,"The voices that accompany him here are by turns syrupy and overwrought, and they work less to melt the icy tenor of the singer's voice than to soften the tracks into complete mush."

Austin Chronicle,80,"Her debut LP is a Story Book Forest of weird instruments and enticing sounds. [Feb 2012, p. 108]"
NOW Magazine,80,"Laura J. Martin's debut album is an extraordinary and eclectic mix of flute, loops, mandolin and xylophone. [Feb 2012, p.92]"
AllMusic,70,"With its flutes, xylophones, mandolins, a truly incongruous mention of Superman III and, not least, Martin's own lilting delivery, it also has a fair quantity of charm."
Uncut,60,"While The Hangman Tree's left-field approach won't be for everyone, it's hard not to admire its ambition and refreshing sunny disposition."
PopMatters,60,"The Hangman Tree is certainly a decent sapling with plenty to like, but the love or loathe vocals mingle with the predominantly wonky atmosphere to prevent this from being a mighty oak."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"The album just about manages to avoid the trappings of both quirky and medieval, which is no mean feat for a flute based album."

Under The Radar,80,"Peter creates the highest kind [of art]."
The A.V. Club,80,"It makes for an affecting, beautifully measured, very grown-up affair. [Mar 2012, p.111]"
Spin,80,"2007's Burnt Toast & offerings established her as the natural successor to Lucinda Williams--this does not contradict the notion. [Mar 2012, p.97]"
Stylus Magazine,80,"This album comes to the listener as a gift wrapped in tattered paper, making it all the more precious to receive."
Filter,80,"Peters has created an album of rare insight."
Hartford Courant,80,"It's real music for grown-ups."
Magnet,70,"There's an unusual sophistication and depth of lyrical craft here, and maybe it's not best advertised by a polished country-pop setting that sounds overwhelmingly usual."
Austin Chronicle,60,"Her recurring implication that this life may be all we have is a bold notion that may bring relief or dismay-and your response to that notion will tell you whether or not Hello Cruel World is an album you'll greet with open arms."

cokemachineglow,100,"A few private recordings have surfaced from the early 1960s, but none capture her essence like 1966."
The A.V. Club,87,"Of these three reissues [Cotton-Eyed Joe, Green Rocky Road, and 1966], 1966 is arguably the best, by virtue of the setting itself."
Amazon.com,80,"1966 is one more piece to a puzzle that will never be complete--which is of course how Dalton herself would have had it."
BBC collective,80,"This recently unearth gem from Delmore is a fascinating insight into the creative mind of one of the brightest lights of the Greenwich Village breadbasket circuit, Karen Dalton. [Feb 2012, p.63]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"Essential to anyone searching for modern folk's head waters. [Feb 2012, p.101]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"It is an essential document for anyone interested in the provenance of this deeply flawed yet brilliant artist. [#39, p.72]"
Lost At Sea,80,"The old-timey accompaniment and Dalton's bluesy vocals perfectly suit Hardin's exquisitely sad songs. [Feb 2012, p.83]"
musicOMH.com,80,"Despite the lo-fi nature of the source tape, which was made in an ad hoc manner by a local friend, the sparse setting--just acoustic guitar and banjo--gives Dalton's distinctive voice plenty of room to do its thing."
Pitchfork,80,"These cuts may be little more than glorified home recordings, but they are more than charming."
The Guardian,70,"By turns languidly bluesy and as stark as an oak branch against a February sky, her music is a treasure, and this record fills in a story-line with far too many gaps."
Dot Music,60,"Roots folk doesn't get more organic than this."

Mojo,80,"It lurches, as such compilations sometimes do, but those lurches, are from intimate to inviting, triumphant to introspective and funny to heartfelt. [14 Jan 2012, p.51]"
Uncut,80,"It finds the heart of everything from 'The Reak Damage' through to 'Glory Hallulejah' and is content to let that heart meander at its own pace, and a result it rivals his more deliberate studio releases, breathtaking as they are."
Q Magazine,70,"A rather ramshackle collection of rarities, The Second Three Years is perhaps more for his long-term fan base rather than any new converts, but it's an intriguing listen that suggests Turner's slow-burning rise to fame could reach even loftier heights."
AllMusic,70,"Much like Nirvana's 'Incesticide' or Smashing Pumpkins 'Pisces Iscariot', this is an excellent record in its own right, and an essential addition to any collection for both ardent Frankophiles as well as those just discovering him."
Almost Cool,30,"The covers portion is entirely without merit, Turner having managed to extract every last atom of enjoyment from every single one of the songs he's chosen."

Billboard,80,"This Is Christmas is a joyous and affectionate affair that already feels like an instant festive classic."
Blender,70,"This Is Christmas is effectively hate-proof, loved-up, entertaining stuff that strikes just the right balance of humour and heart-tugging."
Under The Radar,70,"It layers on the schmaltz but stops short of choking the listener with sentimentality by revealing a wickedly singular wit and some snappy expectations-eschewing cuts."
Boston Globe,70,"Singer-songwriter Emma-Lee Moss and Ash frontman Tim Wheeler, a couple in real life, join musical forces and attempt, valiantly and with not inconsiderable success, to breathe new life into that stalest of stale old genres: the Christmas song."
Spin,60,"As seasonal cheer goes it slaps seven sleigh bells out of dreary old Stille Nacht. [Jan 2012, p.90]"
Prefix Magazine,60,"Breezy sort of fun to be had. [Jan 2012, p.126]"
NOW Magazine,60,"This Is Christmas [is] neither turkey nor cracker but a sweetly silly trifle. [Jan 2012, p.86]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,50,"The combination of Emmy and Tim's vocals is also a consistent issue throughout the record; partly a result of a seeming refusal to harmonise, but mainly because are both blessed with mellifluous tones that, whilst effective on their own, offer little variation or texture together."
Rolling Stone,40,"The contents of this cracker are as tired as ever."

PopMatters,81,"Overall, Get Along has something to offer everyone, no matter where they lie on the spectrum of fandom."
Stylus Magazine,80,"The 15-track live album is a testament to what a polished act they have become."
BBC collective,76,"The full blown cathartic experience that many savor through a live set sometimes mishits on the album, but not so much to be trash-bin worthy."
Drowned In Sound,63,"You're still way better off listening to the studio version."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Get Along isn't the first live set offered up to listeners by the sisterly Canadian crooners Tegan and Sara, but when paired with its deluxe edition DVD, it's certainly their most ornate."
The Guardian,50,"A decent, but not groundbreaking live album."

Mojo,80,"Banjos, acoustic guitar, pedal steel and piano arrangements honour the songs' origins and add lilting texture to an album that will charm those who hear it, irrespective of their age. [Dec 2011, p.104]"
Lost At Sea,80,"Set to light, sparkling arrangements of banjo, fiddle, dulcimer, concertina, twanging mouth-bow and comically honking horns, these songs are populated with a bucolic menagerie of foxes, dogs, birds and little horsies."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Veirs' offering has a lustre and sleepy delightfulness that owes much to her lilting charm of her voice and her ear for a sublime melody."
AllMusic,80,"Following the birth of her first child, the underappreciated Laura Veirs recorded an album of mostly traditional folk songs for children, which has charm far beyond the nursery."
musicOMH.com,75,"Tumble Bee is a welcome addition to contemporary children's music, not only because it's sufficiently involving to appeal to adults, but also because it further demonstrates that songs for kids don't have to be cloying or sanitized."
Magnet,70,"It is, almost inevitably, charming."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Viers' simple, honest delivery helps to keep the mood fun, yet stable and sweet, without the inevitable sugar rush."
PopMatters,70,"Sure, it may be playful, uncomplicated and slightly honey-glazed but there is plenty here for music lovers of all ages to enjoy."
Under The Radar,70,"Tumble Bee is mostly sweet without being cloying, its songs antiquated without feeling outdated."
Q Magazine,65,"Veirs' delicate, informed touch makes the album a worthwhile listen for anyone interested in taking the first step toward delving into America's back catalogue."
Observer Music Monthly,60,"Anyone able to go to sleep without checking the wardrobe for monsters is unlikely to find much of interest here. [Dec. 2011 p. 137]"
Spin,60,"So whether or not it's really 'for' children, this record still succeeds in all the ways it wants to, and Veirs charm comes across at every turn."
Pitchfork,100,"Tempest is Dylan's best musical album of this century, a vibrant maximising of strict rules and the savaged-leather state of that voice. [Oct 2012, p.84]"
Paste Magazine,100,"Tempest is in many respects the most far-reaching, provocative and transfixing album of Dylan's later career."
No Ripcord,100,"Thirty-five albums in, Dylan remains as magical and mysterious as ever."
Filter,100,"[Tempest is] a thing to behold."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"Surprisingly, Dylan has never been more deliberate or so overtly savage. [No. 93, p.54]"
AllMusic,90,"The coherence of Tempest is the hypnotic key to its charm."
Sputnikmusic,90,"Tempest's epic scale and grandeur makes his few previous albums look like short stories leading up to a great novel."
No Ripcord,90,"There aren't many records like this one, and if you give it time and it catches you, you'll probably still be listening to it when the deal goes down and your own ship comes in."
Alternative Press,90,"Tempest is fantastic, but being impressed by Dylan is old hat. That he still finds ways to surprise us is an achievement beyond all comprehension."
Paste Magazine,88,"Most of it is an inspired mix of blood and bawdiness."
Hot Press,85,"We're now at a place where we can pretty well look at Dylan's career as, essentially, an entire body of work--and, even when considering all of the obvious highlights of his past half-century, Tempest still stands out."
Lost At Sea,84,"While at this stage of his career a new Dylan release may only be heard by longtime listeners, it must be judged against all music. Even by such lofty standards, Tempest succeeds enormously, placing it not only in the upper half of Dylan's catalog, but also with the better submissions of 2012."
Pitchfork,83,"How much you admire this record will depend on how redolent you find two of them: the quiet jeremiad 'Scarlet Town' and the quieter love-triangle cut-'em-up 'Tin Angel."
Prefix Magazine,80,"[Tempest has] a sense of dues paid as a continual creative replenishment, rather than a swansong. [Nov 2012, p.63]"
Stylus Magazine,80,"With its live wet vocal production, bleaker-than-black lyrical mien and varied musical layers, the album could be one of the Minnesotan folk singer's finest ever, a richly diverse and dire epic revolving around the burning suns of love, death, truths and lies with only two weak songs in the bunch."
Amazon.com,80,"On Tempest, Dylan easily puts to rest those detractors who claim that he's merely standing on the shoulders of greater artists."
BBC collective,80,"His most recent albums, however, have been uniformly excellent, and that includes Tempest."
Drowned In Sound,80,"As a sonic experience, Tempest kicks most Dylan albums in the cojones."
Uncut,80,"It's his strongest album since Love and Theft in 2001, and still there's no pinning him down."
Spin,80,"King Lear probably sounded like this after a couple of days on the heath."
Under The Radar,80,"This crustily hammy, crowd-pleasing side of Dylan is one of his most satisfying."
Billboard,80,"It's on 'Early Roman Kings' that the various strains come together most effectively, with Hidalgo's organ added to another Muddy Waters blues-stomp groove, and Dylan blurring history again in his depiction of the titular Romans 'in their sharkskin suits, bowties and buttons, with their high-top shoes'  neatly underlining the gangsterism of imperial invaders of all eras."
NOW Magazine,80,"The music is the same stew of beautifully played blues, rockabilly, folk and country as every Dylan album for the last 12 years."
Blender,75,"The record underscores his real strength, as a musical storyteller."
The New York Times,70,"Dylan is in mostly excellent form--even when sloppy; it sounds like he's having the time of his life."
PopMatters,70,"Tempest is a flawed but mostly fascinating album."
Q Magazine,70,"Tempest is a relentless exploration of bleakness."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"If it indulges in itself too much in moments [with long-running songs], Tempest is still a great album, though not the late-career defining collection that early buzz claims."
Magnet,70,"He sings forcefully, in a raspy, phlegmy bark that's not exactly melodic and by no means welcoming. Battered and unforgiving, he's still Bob Dylan, answerable to no one but himself."
Tiny Mix Tapes,68,"on Tempest, his latest album, Bob Dylan mostly sounds insane. That volatility can yield tremendous rewards-- on the ferocious 'Pay in Blood', it clarifies his nihilism, his cruelty-- but it can also be distractingly unruly, inching toward self-mockery, all wild undulation and hairball-retch. Which would be okay-- embraced, even!-- if the rest of Tempest didn't feel so rote."
cokemachineglow,67,"As with the albums that have come in its wake, this one will be compared to 1997's Time Out Of Mind, the last truly great Dylan disc. Though not of that caliber, Tempest finds Bob Dylan still very much in the game."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"Tempest delivers yet another collection of the ramblers that have populated Dylan's records since Time Out of Mind."
Rolling Stone,60,"But for a little judicious editing, it's a pleasure we could have shared with him. [Oct 2012, p.99]"
Dusted Magazine,60,"This is one of his best albums in many years, although that's not exactly a ringing endorsement."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"Tempest is a mixed bag of ideas at best, many of which would be better served by someone like Tom Waits."
The A.V. Club,50,"Though all are blessed with a wry and dusty charm that's hard to dislike, too many are rolled out in a way that seems more to do with autopilot than passion. Narrow Way and Duquesne Whistle mighty be jaunty toe-tappers but they're also examples of the lightweight fluff that blows around the album."


Austin Chronicle,80,"These songs may not scan perfectly or make much objective sense, but they feel very real and relevant and uncalculated."
BBC collective,75,"These songs are fiercely internal, which also makes them remarkably hard to shake--here, Roberts is singing about the no-place of everyplace, the desolation we all know."
Tiny Mix Tapes,74,"Luke Roberts's debut can dig up a well of such intimate, homegrown sounds and songs."
Prefix Magazine,70,"A strong debut."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"It's a promising - if a little lackadaisical - debut. [Dec. 2011 p. 97]"
AllMusic,60,"While sometimes left wanting for redeeming bells and whistles, where Big Bells & Dime Songs sporadically strikes gold is its distillation of tumbleweed folk Americana."
musicOMH.com,60,"His music is unobtrusive without being boring, polite without being gutless."
Observer Music Monthly,40,"As it stands, it's pleasant music to fall asleep to, but offers little to keep you awake. [Oct 2011, p.108]"
Uncut,91,"It's a harmonious, cohesive album - like hope and regret all shaken up in a mason jar."
PopMatters,89,"Although the Avett Brothers can't seem to decide whether they're introspective folkies or a big rock act, The Carpenter hits the right chords in such a manner that no one will likely care."
Alternative Press,83,"While a magnum opus would be compelling, The Carpenter's slight inward turn and few great songs may be enough for now."
No Ripcord,80,"The Carpenter's appeal lies in its gentle tempos and heartstring-tugging melodies. [Dec 2012, p.100]"
Boston Globe,80,"Ultimately it's The Avett Brothers' innate ability to deliver killer tunes and present them in an engaging fashion that connects them to a vintage pedigree of classic Americana artists, from Crosby, Stills & Nash and Neil Young onwards, that seduces you from track one."
Hot Press,80,"If the band can let go of their younger selves completely, that masterpiece will be theirs."
Magnet,80,"While the album does weigh heavily on its dark themes--possibly too much so at times--The Avett Brothers have never sounded better than they do on The Carpenter."
The A.V. Club,80,"Overall this is a meditative collection that eloquently expresses a great deal of uncomfortable feelings few other songwriters are capable of addressing."
Filter,80,"It's this penchant for playing with contrast--between light and dark, comedy and tragedy, hard and soft, fast and slow--and their ease with switching gears between the romps and soliloquies that shines on The Carpenter, perhaps stronger than on any of their previous releases."
Dusted Magazine,75,"What we're left with is an album that sounds like something of an identity crisis. It's far from a total loss and there is much here that is definitely worth revisiting in that old reliable Avett Brothers sort of way."
Rolling Stone,70,"The Carpenter is strong from top to bottom."
Dot Music,70,"They've become Auto-Tune-less pop stars, and The Carpenter will only brighten their shine."
Pitchfork,70,"Good storytelling, the brothers' distinctive vocal lobs and a pleasant combo of banjo, bass, strings and both acoustic and electric guitar [are still present]. But with so many of the rough edges buffed away, there aren't as many nooks and crannies in which listeners can embed themselves, making it more difficult to become emotionally attached to The Carpenter."
Drowned In Sound,70,"The Avett Brothers aren't rewriting the book, they're just translating it for a new generation."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"There's no shortage of catchy, bopping crowd pleasers on The Carpenter, and the Avetts churn them out with gusto and pride."
Spin,65,"Too many of the other songs feel starved of that love, though."
Mojo,60,"The brothers [are] as painfully earnest as ever. [Oct/Nov 2012, p.128]"
Blender,60,"The result is a trifle confusing. [Dec 2012, p.85]"
Q Magazine,60,"The Carpenter isn't a total dud, because the Avetts are so skilled with a melody, but the plain-speaking has turned to clunkiness."
Under The Radar,60,"The Avetts are clearly happiest when they're miserable. Which is fine, if you're in that kind of mood."
cokemachineglow,60,"The Carpenter, like many pieces of art, is a record that becomes more relatable with age and, most frighteningly, loss. For those of us that have been lucky thus far, we'll have to wait and see."
Stylus Magazine,60,"The North Carolina natives mix the boisterousness with the balladry well, while delivering image-evoking lyrics in between."
Slant Magazine,50,"Pleasant but faintly drippy folk-pop. [Dec 2012, p.65]"
The Guardian,40,"Save for the opening 'The Once and Future Carpenter', about a woodworker who abandons his trade to wander, this second album is pretty dismal fare."

Austin Chronicle,80,"An obsessively dark record. [Oct 2012, p.79]"
The Wire,80,"Steve Forbert is a wonderful songwriter with a clear and sharply observed vision of how life in the heart unfolds and reveals itself with the passage of time."
NOW Magazine,80,"This is not a return to form, or a wild new approach, just another Steve Forbert album, which means a very good thing to have in the world."
AllMusic,70,"Musically, the production is spare and allows each of his cohorts to shine."
Magnet,60,"Songs are complemented by a close-miked acoustic production. [Nov 2012, p.96]"
Lost At Sea,60,"It's all lovely, melancholy, lyrically moving and beautifully performed. But older fans will miss the scrappy sparks Forbert used to effortlessly radiate on crackling live performances such as his spirited 1982 King Biscuit Flower Hour set."

Under The Radar,80,"Rowe's gravelly baritone is as suited to the shimmering surf plucks of Downwind, or the percussive pummel of Horses as it is to his sombre ballads. [May 2013, p.96]"
PopMatters,70,"The Salesman and the Shark winds up with a gorgeous ebb and flow as well as an undeniably natural sound that suits Rowe's personality perfectly."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Occasionally, the production overwhelms Rowe with bombast ('Horses'); all the drama he needs is in that resonant voice."
No Ripcord,70,"The Salesman and the Shark is head and shoulders above the work of most of Rowe's peers, and he possesses a strong identity as a songwriter, even if he doesn't feel confident completely relying on it yet."
Pitchfork,60,"Whenever the album bares its claws, such as on Joe's Cult and the soaring Horses, it demonstrates just how good it would have been with a dash more daring. [Nov 2012, p.104]"
Filter,60,"There isn't much break from the gravitas throughout these dozen character driven, often lyrically obtuse songs, almost all of them sung from the first person perspective."
Spin,40,"While Rowe's deep-baritone delivery conveys intimacy, his lyrics are a grab-bag of overwrought, secondhand images."


Uncut,80,"Dark, edgy, yet full of light and hope, Brother Sinner... is dazzling, moving too, and bordering on perfection. [Dec 2012, p.89]"
Mojo,80,"If conviction and quality are the measure of a songwriter and musician, the songs and performances on Brother Sinner & the Whale are the very measure of both."
Q Magazine,80,"All 12 are of a consistently high standard and sung with feeling."
The Guardian,60,"Not for the faint-hearted, nor those offended by religion. Often brilliant."
Uncut,100,"Prine is extraordinary, one of the most eloquent artists of modern times and seeing where it all started, in this super CD, really is something very special."
Dot Music,80,"Mailman offers an insider's glimpse into his beginnings--a spirited 1970s club set and a priceless disc of stripped-down, gloss-free demos. [Jan 2012, p.96]"
Q Magazine,80,"The Singing Mailman Delivers doesn't do much to rewrite Prine's early history, but it confirms he revealed a remarkable talent as soon as he put his mind to writing songs, and it's an entertaining addition to his catalog for longtime fans."
Pitchfork,70,"A two-disc set documenting archival demos and an early live recording, The Singing Postman Delivers demonstrates that for the most part, John Prine's musical persona emerged fully formed."
Mojo,70,"So even if takes here don't quite match up, it's fun to see them coming into form, and to see a young Prine as a performer finding himself on stage, mesmerizing us in the process."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"It's a fine introduction to a richly imagistic Midwestern everyguy whose languid good nature defied singer-songwriter smugness."
Boston Globe,60,"With a stable of effective songs and a healthy dose of good humor, The Singing Mailman Delivers remains a likable, if not terribly compelling, effort."


Billboard,90,"It's simply a great album from start to finish - wonderful tunes, superb musicianship, star guests and a unity of purpose about delivering a fitting tribute to the music he loves that raises this album to such a high level."
Hartford Courant,80,"His strong, unfussy voice is endlessly empathetic and his guitar playing lithe and expressive. [Oct 2011, p.98]"
musicOMH.com,80,"Simpson's Indian summer roars on in an irrepressible blend of the English tradition and an unerring instinct for American material. [Oct 2011, p.106]"
Mojo,80,"An album of great love and joy, Purpose + Grace confirms that Simpson remains at the top of his game."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"There's only one new Simpson song here, a poignant tribute to a 50s Kentucky banjo player, and one new instrumental, inspired by Mike Waterson. The rest of the set consists mostly of brave reworkings."
AllMusic,70,"Joined by an impressive who's-who of traditional British folk, its eclectic array of songs, spanning from the 17th century (Scottish ballad 'Barbry Allen') right up to the mid-'90s (Bruce Springsteen's The Ghost of Tom Joad outtake, 'Brothers Under the Bridge'), ensures that it's no ordinary covers album."

Rolling Stone,60,"If it were only possible to turn down the vocals, The No Testament would be a work of greater spiritual, and indeed secular, interest."
Spin,60,"He's strong instrumentally, but maudlin content like Separate Ways and One Thought holds him back. [Dec 2012, p.90]"
Sputnikmusic,60,"An unfocused set, maybe, but well worth checking out."
NOW Magazine,60,"All elegantly arranged and written in self-consciously prosy style. He'd say wry. I'd say borderline sententious."

Q Magazine,91,"Try 'Cult Boyfriend,' one of the funnier and more philosophical of the many reflections on romantic frustration this lifetime bohemian's cult career has afforded."
Prefix Magazine,80,"There's all the usual yarn-spinning and nerdy wit here, but ... there's also a warmth and wisdom that no amount of lo-fi goofing can disguise. [Nov 2011, p. 135]"
Lost At Sea,80,"Unabashedly weird, surprising wise, A Turn In The Dream-Songs is Lewis at his most accessible and affecting. [Nov 2011, p.95]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"On his sixth album, the New York anti-folk singer/songwriter takes a step toward silencing the critics, tempering his creaky half-spoken vocals with some surprisingly sophisticated arrangements and harmonies with guests like Dr. Dog and Frances McKee of the Vaselines."
Amazon.com,80,"His evocative, heartfelt, pin-sharp lines hit compelling grooves, all twists and turns, grin-inducing couplets and weirdness."
Paste Magazine,80,"Songs like this--imaginative, contemplative, densely wordy, slightly silly but unflinchingly earnest--are arguably Lewis' strongest suit, especially in his recent work, and if the instances on A Turn in the Dream-Songs aren't quite as striking as those on its predecessor, the album still ranks right up there among his best."
Sputnikmusic,80,"It's all very Jeffrey-Lewis-esque in fact--another entertaining album from a man determined to cling to his cult status as long as possible."
The A.V. Club,70,"Judging the innovations showcased on A Turn in the Dream-Songs, Lewis has plenty of tricks on reserve for his journey there."
AllMusic,70,"There are times though, when the record slips into a degree of smug self-reference that leaves you wishing that Lewis would spend less time considering what it means to be a songwriter, and more time just being one."
PopMatters,70,"The anti-folk pioneer's sixth album for Rough Trade is a familiar comedy of errors, full of dusky textures with a sparkling hue of optimism."
Boston Globe,60,"The faux-naif schtick still grates somewhat, but there's also real substance, wit and heart here. [Nov 2011, p.91]"
The Guardian,60,"Musically stripped to the basics, the set is engaging with an infectious charm, neatly adding to that capacious back catalogue."
Q Magazine,60,"The fine line between cute and twee is ever present, however, and at times his tendency towards knowing self-assessment can grate. But he's certainly never boring."
Uncut,40,"When he shuts up, and lets the shambling jangle and daydreamy exotica take over, it's great. When he sings, it's murder."

Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"There's nothing but clouds on Occasion for Song, but rather than uninviting it's eminently listenable; an unflinching, graceful, truthful exploration of how to go on living when you've lost a friend, of how to recognize a world that suddenly seems that much darker and less hopeful."
Slant Magazine,80,"In recognizing this missing piece [violinist Noel Sayre] straight on, Occasion for Song may finally have found a way forward."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"The Ohio-based band led by singer/songwriter Jerry DeCicca bears its share of melancholy and then some on their fifth album, but so do a million and one other indie bands, and none of them come anywere close to evoking the same sort of sad-sack super session [like one with Lee Hazlewood, Townes Van Zandt, Stuart Staples from Tindersticks, and Mickey Newbury]."
Austin Chronicle,80,"It's tender, gentle, and expresses what absence teaches in the music and poetic language of Gothic Americana -- without nostalgia or artifice."
Mojo,76,"A complex, even contradictory record, not just the Black Swans' best but one of the most incisive and moving mediations on life and the loss of it in recent memory."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Occasion for Song is remarkable in that it digs into all these different permutations of grief, from the sad to the funny to the strange, and in that way feels like a full statement, a completely realized letter to their lost friend and bandmate."
Pitchfork,70,"While many songwriters tuck their thoughts away in layers of allusion and metaphor, The Black Swans win here braving the misery head-on."
Under The Radar,60,"Sadly the momentum's not maintained once DeCicca and company quickly slip back into their plaintive posturing."

Entertainment Weekly,100,"A rich exploration of Appalachian roots. [25 Nov 2011, p.71]"
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),95,"Fahey was a restless listener, tinkerer, thinker, and player--a combination that makes this set fascinating both as a history book and a lifetime listening indulgence."
Amazon.com,80,"Simply, we are left with more evidence of a true American original, who was also as important in his own way as Harry Smith or Alan Lomax and other such college-educated curatorial spirits."
Boston Globe,80,"Your Past Comes Back to Haunt You: The Fonotone Years, 1958-1965 is a massive John Fahey document that was a full decade in the making by Dean Blackwood of Revenant, guitarist Glenn Jones, and Lance Ledbetter of Dust-to-Digital."
Hartford Courant,70,"This set--six meticulously documented hours recorded before his first proper album--is a progress chart."
The New York Times,60,"I found myself wishing [the booklet] was three times longer and the music three CDs less. [Nov 2011, p.60]"

Blender,80,"Their thrilling music rooted in old country with touches of blues and gospel can't help but remind you of Jack and Meg and Johnny and June. [Jun 2013, p.93]"
The Boston Phoenix,80,"All 11 tracks on the album jump, shout and twang the heartstrings, albeit with a knowing wink. [Jun 2013, p.105]"
AllMusic,80,"Their debut album is a delight, from the uncomplicated bluesy strut of Tickin' Bomb to the brass inflections on the knowingly tongue-in-cheek Hail Hail."
NOW Magazine,80,"Trent is as solid as an anvil in his straightman's role, while Hearst is a real firecracker. [Sep 2012, p.85]"
Rolling Stone,80,"O' Be Joyful would be their resulting--and across-the-board winning--entre to celebrity chefdom."
Entertainment Weekly,76,"Their new record O' Be Joyful is a delightful combination of knee-slapping, bordering-on-gospel folk tracks and bluesy guitar-driven rock."
AllMusic,60,"There's nothing here that we haven't heard many times before, but for many that will be the heart of their appeal."
Billboard,60,"Most of the songs, including the strong opening track, concern the duo's history as a couple and a band."
musicOMH.com,80,"Throughout Every Kingdom Howard plays to his strengths, the greatest of which is his skill in crafting hooks."
New York Magazine (Vulture),80,"An unusually poetic songwriter revelling in his proximity to nature. [Jan 2012, p.88]"
The New York Times,78,"Kingdom announces a promising new talent, but now Howard must prove he can work with more than just memory."
Boston Globe,70,"Every Kingdom is quite a self-assured debut, delivered by a guy who could be your best friend and still date your sister."
Hartford Courant,70,"It's an impressively timeless debut that suggests Howard should have no problem standing out from the overpopulated nu-folk crowd."
Amazon.com,70,"On the evidence of this impressive debut album, [Howard] is a gifted and immediately involving singer-songwriter."
Stylus Magazine,60,"The shimmering finger-picking and angelic backing vocals of Old Pine build a cosy fireside vibe, but elsewhere the upbeat hoedowns are less impressive. [Nov 2011, p. 92]"
PopMatters,60,"Too easy on the ear to be convincing  more getting deep round the campfire than genuine soul-baring  but highlights 'Black Flies' and 'Promise' are nice enough studies in soft-focus angst."
Under The Radar,40,"It takes a special talent to mine new gold out of acoustic songwriting, and Ben Howard just isn't it. [Nov 2011, p.135]"


Boston Globe,90,"With all the percolating energy the album delivers, its three most memorable songs are ballads."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Carry Me Back ticks all the boxes: jaunty, soulful, nostalgic without being cloying."
Prefix Magazine,80,"It's the achievement of their fourth studio album that this giddy mix hangs together as an endearing whole."
Under The Radar,80,"With their latest offering Carry Me Back, the banjos are ringin', the mandolins are singing at the speed of a hummingbird's wings, the fiddles are sawed upon with vigor, and the fog of the Tennessee hills calls to all of us."
BBC collective,80,"Yeah, it's the new OCMS album and, not surprisingly, it's simple and great (and simply great)."
PopMatters,80,"What's most impressive about the songs on Carry Me Back is that, in composing their original material, OCMS manages to apply their old-timey frame of reference to contemporary issues with subtlety and control."
Pitchfork,80,"Thought and care are in these songs, and they all fall together in a nice flow."
Tiny Mix Tapes,75,"These are also simply the band's finest songs in some time."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"These harrowing tackles of murder, bootleggers and war jangle the heart's cage. [Aug/Sep 2012, p.124]"
cokemachineglow,70,"The songs never stray far from the band's wheelhouse, yet they feel energized and impactful."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Carry Me Back stands as one of the group's strongest efforts to date."
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"A polished set of original songs that stretch their old-timey, southern identity into new shapes."
Prefix Magazine,45,"Although the harmonies and pickin-skills are still top-notch, Carry Me Back falls short in songwriting. [No.90, p.59]"
Pitchfork,42,"Carry Me Home, the band's latest, doesn't suffer from a shortage of whimsy, but its surplus of cringe-inducing aw-shucks hokeyness is problematic."
cokemachineglow,40,"Carry Me Back feels like a sidestep towards a more traditional sound. [Jan 2013, p.108]"
AllMusic,80,"Their 14th studio album finds the Indigo Girls operating as powerfully as at any time in their career, on a set of uncommonly strong songs performed with the kind of typically understated Nashville polish that affords their signature harmonies the full spotlight."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Beauty Queen Sister showcases the Indigo Girls in top traditional form; their audience will no doubt delight in this, especially because the songs are expertly crafted and, as usual, intimate and honest to the point of discomfort."
Austin Chronicle,70,"Combining their soft and sensual harmonies and energetic, pop song craft into a set of lovely songs, Beauty Queen Sister confirms The Indigo Girls are still making invigorating and emotional music, have plenty left to say and show no signs of slowing down or easing into nostalgia."
AllMusic,66,"Beauty Queen Sister will please fans that already love Indigo Girls, but the repetitive nature of the album might struggle to bring in new listeners."
Amazon.com,58,"Emotional sappiness isn't a new concept for the Indigo Girls. Unfortunately, neither is the rest of Beauty Queen."
Hot Press,40,"The harmonies remain pretty, but the smoothness of those Nashville sidemen exposes the thinness of the songs. [Nov 2011, p.86]"


The Boston Phoenix,80,"This time Baird's own compositions dominate. [Nov 2011, p.100]"
Boston Globe,80,"Season Of Earth is music rooted deep in the black, black earth and whose only limit is the blue, blue sky. [Oct 2011, p.50]"
Hartford Courant,80,"There's a little more in the mix here [than in her solo debut album], dabs of lap steel on Babylon and elsewhere, gentle harp flourishes on Song For Next Summer, but this is barely less lovely than its predecessor. [Nov. 2011, p. 127]"
PopMatters,80,"By keeping everything in proportion, she's made the most easily approached record of her career."
Uncut,80,"Seasons on Earth is like a wry, forgiving smile set to music, its pleasures veined with melancholy, its ruefulness buoyed by hope."
Paste Magazine,75,"This compelling album is dominated by a spirit of grace and hope. [#81, p. 53]"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Baird's own rather fabulous acoustic is garnished with touches of dobro, pedal-steel or electric, over which her wisp of a voice, and words, hang in a vapour."
The A.V. Club,70,"Her tender songcraft grows stronger."
AllMusic,70,"Seasons on Earth is a poetic, thoroughly engaging set from a now-mature songwriter, whose confidence in her musical language is as poetic as it is authoritative."
Billboard,70,"Despite her love of folk traditions, and a classic voice, Baird keeps these songs from ever feeling dated."
Boston Globe,60,"Compelling in its way, but a bit Isobel Campbell when it should be Joni Mitchell. [Nov 2011, p.81"
Slant Magazine,60,"While Seasons on Earth turns out not to be the sort of stoner's delight diehard psych-folkers might be looking for, neither is it looking in any direction other than straight ahead, evocations of another era notwithstanding."
Amazon.com,50,"The intimacy can become suffocating, but on songs such as the 'Blackbird'-esque 'Even Rain,' Baird's delicate touches hit a nerve. [Oct. 2011, p. 108]"
Hartford Courant,40,"Meg Baird, formerly the frontperson of Philadelphia-based psychedelic folk-rockers Espers, is left a little exposed on her own solo album."
Paste Magazine,80,"She doesn't seek to graft herself onto these songs; instead, and with considerable skill, she draws out from them new layers of wit, tenderness and melancholia."
Uncut,80,"Hield's command of her material is unerring and the outcome compelling."
Q Magazine,70,"Andy Cutting (accordion), Jon Boden (Hields's partner and the Bellowhead frontman is on fiddle, guitar and double bass), Sam Sweeney (fiddle, viola, cello), Rob Harbron (English Concertina and fiddle) and Martin Simpson (guitar, banjo) provide the classy framework for Hield to interpret 11 traditional songs."
Blender,60,"It's Hield's increased confidence as a singer that is most striking. [Jul 2012, p.102]"
PopMatters,60,"Orfeo's spare soundscape can sometimes seem a bit frugal, but Hield proves a versatile frontwoman. [Aug 2012, p.73]"
The Guardian,60,"It's an album that impresses rather than excites."


Drowned In Sound,100,"Great songs and renewed relevance aside, Woody at 100's greatest bounty may still be Guthrie's own sketches and illustrations, beautifully reproduced in the book. [Oct 2012, p.101]"
Dusted Magazine,100,"If none of the new songs are essential, they'll still be a boon to completists, while those who only know Guthrie's most famous songs will get a much more rounded overview from Woody at 100."
Observer Music Monthly,91,"This excellent three-CD overview of the hugely influential folksinger's career covers much of the obvious ground, then explores some less-visited hinterlands on its third disc."
Uncut,90,"The three-disc set brings the artist's life and times into sharp focus. [Dec 2012, p.87]"
PopMatters,90,"These recordings carry an arresting immediacy that hasn't waned a whit over the past century. [Aug/Sep 2012, p.124]"
Slant Magazine,90,"This sumptuous birthday celebration of America's greatest folk singer is really a present to us: two CDs of his greatest songs and recordings, mostly from the mid-1940s, and a disc of illuminating rarities, including what is thought to be Guthrie's first studio session in 1939."
Pitchfork,90,"There certainly is a great deal more to Guthrie's immense body of work than what is represented on Woody At 100, but apart from some newly discovered recordings that completists will want, this is an ideal package for the uninitiated, and one to be treasured for years to come."
Stylus Magazine,85,"Woody at 100 may be the most successful attempt to capture Guthrie's sprawling essence, but it's hardly the first."
The A.V. Club,83,"One strength of this set-apart from its generous but judicious stockpile of Guthrie art, artifacts, and analysis-is that it doesn't overwhelm."
Under The Radar,80,"[Guthrie's] story is presented here in this wonderful set."
AllMusic,67,"Woody at 100 doesn't aim to be the definitive, exhaustive guide to Guthrie's singular legacy; it's far too egalitarian for such ambitions."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Sometimes playful, sometimes starkly beautiful. [Dec. 2011 pg. 95]"
Almost Cool,80,"[It] sees her expanding her horizons with out scrimping on nuance or emotion. [Nov 2011, p.84]"
Urb,80,"Lisa Hannigan is on confident form in her second solo release since the split from Damien Rice."
Spin,80,"Solid yet understated, it's Hannigan's obvious gift for melody, tasteful arrangements, and remarkably emotive elocution (when her voice breaks, the heart follows suit) that keeps Passenger afloat, while the world schemes and churns beneath."
Lost At Sea,80,"For all its deft arrangements and catchy chorus hook lines, Passenger feels unforced, spontaneous and timeless; indeed, such is its unaffected delivery that it might have been recorded 30 years ago or last month"
Mojo,80,"It's a self-assured and very cohesive piece of work. Lisa Hannigan's journey as a solo artist continues to trundle along without any bumps in the road."
ShakingThrough.net,70,"Her voice is light and agile, her phrasing like exquisite plumage, and her folksy songs move with deceptive power, sailing on guitars, strings and Irish drama."
cokemachineglow,60,"A bright and breezy sophomore that occasionally hints at darker themes. [Dec. 2001 p. 127]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Her voice remains the main attraction on this second album but its prettiness often sounds thin against the sort of arrangements that invite the description 'plinky-plonky'."

BBC collective,100,"His first LP of complete originals is a thing of profound beauty; deep, sad, wise songs, allied to perfectly crafted arrangements, from a man who's lived long enough in darkness to address the big, heavy questions with a lightness of touch. [Aug 2012, p.96]"
New Musical Express (NME),90,"What we have here is another excellent Chris Smither album, reason enough for celebration."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"The wisdom expressed is crusty but benign, poetic and sometimes witty."
Blender,80,"Valentine is typically sturdy--piquant observation and low-key philosophy played against an impeccable musical backdrop. [Aug 2012, p.80]"
Playlouder,70,"There may be nothing here that Smither hasn't done before, except totally relying on himself for musical material."
Alternative Press,60,"These acoustic performances are laid back but sizzle with the soul of the blues."

Dot Music,80,"An hour in the company of Tom Paley and his revue is an hour well spent."
Amazon.com,80,"He is in fine, easy-going voice on most of the songs, and his multi-instrumental work on guitar, banjo, fiddle and autoharp is still remarkable."
Q Magazine,80,"This delightful album rolls back the last 60 years. [Aug 2012, p.78]"
Magnet,70,"The 'Revue Boys'--Jonny Bridgwood (double bass & rhythm guitar), Robin Gillan (harmonica), Jason Steel (guitar), Dave Morgan (percussion), and the two Paleys --swing nicely across a range of styles and songs."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),60,"Paley's voice is a little frail but it's true, and his picking skills are as finely honed as when he gave lesson to the young Ry Cooder and Jerry Garcia. [Oct 2012, p.90]"

Rolling Stone,100,"In vivid contrast to the sanctimonious musicianly overkill of Springsteen's Pete Seeger tribute, Young's overkill leads with its middle finger by ignoring the catchiest tune of the 19th century, the traditional melody of 'Oh Susannah.'"
NOW Magazine,100,"There's plenty to like about Neil Young and Crazy Horse's first work together for nine years, a collection of cover versions of essential American tunes."
Trouser Press,91,"Even on the 66-year-old's 34th album, Young still has fire in his belly and fun in his fingers."
musicOMH.com,90,"Americana is, finally, Neil Young's best and most complete record since 1994's Sleeps With Angels."
Los Angeles Times,88,"Given Ben Keith's death last year, it's the perfect merge: Young's rough-hewn organics and the raucous Crazy Horse."
Observer Music Monthly,88,"Americana reveals the hard truth inside songs that have been taken for granted."
Blender,80,"In a world where many acts of a similar age rely on their past, eschewing their original passion and fire for heritage, tradition and tribute, it's comforting to know that Young can both usurp these elements and carry on ploughing his own furrow."
Uncut,80,"Young reignites melodies and lyrics sadly frozen through years of rote recitation."
Q Magazine,80,"Neil Young and Crazy Horse, when they're at the top of their game like they are here, can make music of any origin rock."
Mojo,75,"Loose, loud, and fun."
Spin,70,"The album comes over as a political parable as much as an investigation into the spirit of place. [Jun 2012, p.56]"
Lost At Sea,70,"Americana brings these songs back to life, and reclaims America's musical history with them."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"You have never heard these songs like they are presented here, and there's a chance you have never heard them better, either."
The A.V. Club,70,"Young makes these old, old songs vital. [No.88 p. 51]"
The Boston Phoenix,70,"There's an undeniable WTF factor in hearing these Cub Scout singalong ditties drowned in guitar feedback and off-key yelling. But that's the goofball charm."
Slant Magazine,70,"It seems pretty much like business as usual. [Jul 2012, p.63]"
AllMusic,61,"Americana doesn't so much amount to a caustic commentary on the modern-day American condition as capture a bunch of old pals trying to rediscover their chemistry by sloppily jamming on some standards."
Under The Radar,60,"The fun doesn't always translate to the listener. [Jul 2012, p.113]"
Amazon.com,60,"The rest is solid if rarely spectacular, with the Crazy Horse rumble making a welcome return to Young's modern day repertoire."
Billboard,60,"While the sound of this is pretty uniform the quality is all over the place and very dependent on the song being covered."
NOW Magazine,60,"Neil Young and Crazy Horse just never disappoint."
Rolling Stone,60,"Though drab and overlong, it has a certain rugged, whiskery charm, which doesn't extend to the concluding 'God Save the Queen', a stodge too far."
Village Voice,60,"It gives us songs more memorable for their grizzly narrations or the occasional doo-wop harmony than the steady performances of mostly standard-format jams."
Paste Magazine,60,"Americana in a nutshell: beloved songs from America's past, be they folk, blues or pop songs, such as the Silhouette's 1958 No 1 Get a Job, put through the mangle of Young's overdriven guitar and stretched to unnecessary lengths."
Dot Music,50,"While it's briefly thrilling to hear Young's bolshy take on Woody Guthrie's 'This Land Is Your Land', it's nowhere near Johnny Cash/Rick Rubin standards, or even a Bob Dylan Christmas album."
The Guardian,40,"While the power-soak guitar solos ard gung-ho buck of Crazy Horse are present and correct, it's curious that Americana packs songs that don't fit its brief. [Jul 2012, p.88]"
The New York Times,40,"Going for immediate and real, Young ends up with a disc that resembles a tentative early demo for what could have been a decent (albeit strange) Crazy Horse album."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"It is cursory, lumpen and dull."
PopMatters,40,"It all winds up as an ungodly mess: Crazy Horse do, as Young asserted they would, make these songs their own, but by doing so, they've made them so nobody else would ever want them."
Stylus Magazine,40,"In attempting to honor the sounds of the past, Young ends up turning them into toxic sludge."
Pitchfork,40,"It's the dampest campfire hoedown you ever did hear."

Entertainment Weekly,100,"The album is the real star here, sounding as fresh, vital and universally accessible as ever 25 years down the line."
The A.V. Club,100,"Reminds us that, for all of Simon's genius with tunes and lyrics, it's his rhythmic searching and sophistication that sets him apart."
AllMusic,100,"The character of the base music here is overwhelming: complex, ebullient and life-affirming, and in yoking this intricate dance music to his sophisticated New Yorker sensibility, Simon created a transatlantic bridge that neither pandered to nor patronised either culture."
Uncut,100,"The music of Graceland is as stirring as always."
Village Voice,100,"This entire collection proves one thing: Paul Simon and Graceland will remain as one of the most relevant pop records of all time."
Spin,92,"[Graceland] was unique in its total, and totally natural, synthesis of musical strains that turned out to be not nearly as different from each other as its listeners might have expected, and the result resonated strongly around the world and across generations."
Prefix Magazine,90,"Forget the boycotts and controversy, and marvel once again at the magic that Simon conjured up on Graceland."
Pitchfork,90,"The new box set does indeed help shed new light on the music and the entire project by way of the various bonus features that now accompany the original album... To paraphrase Rod Stewart, every album may indeed tell a story, but some stories are dramatically more compelling than others. The story of 'Graceland' is one of the most compelling in all of pop music."
Rolling Stone,67,"The usual ephemeral padding--an extensive oral history rendered redundant by the documentary, a poster, and a replica of Simon's legal pad of lyrics--fills the linen-bound Graceland deluxe, which footnotes the remastered album with a 25-minute bonus CD of demos mostly heard on previous editions, though a 10-minute 'The Story of 'Graceland'' audio deconstruction by Simon sums up the box in a song."


Magnet,70,"In the end, Jennings' truthfulness more than makes up for Minnesota's minor setbacks."
The New York Times,70,"A hypnotic, wickedly sexy bit of folk-funk delivered at the tempo of a rambling, acid-soaked desert caravan, the track--as with the rest of Minnesota--leaves you pondering Jennings' poetic intent like a dark mirage spied in the late summer sun."
Paste Magazine,70,"There are a few missteps here and there, most notably on the plodding 'Witches Dream,' and drum-heavy 'Well of Love,' neither of which fit well on this otherwise strong release."
Entertainment Weekly,69,"There are moments where Jennings deviates thematically and sonically from the boy-becomes-a-man-and-uses-all-the-pianos thru-line-some succeed, like the loose and likeable 'Well Of Love,' and others, not so much, like the synthy fairytale nightmare mess of 'Witches Dream.'"
PopMatters,60,"Jennings' songwriting is at its best in Minnesota when reflecting this troubling sense of uncertainty and contradiction."
The New York Times,50,"Brief and enjoyable but never spectacular, Minnesota is the sound of an established and experienced songwriter simply not meeting his substantial potential."
AllMusic,50,"It's the handful of tracks on which Jennings stretches beyond familiar troubadour conventions that are Minnesota's best."

Amazon.com,80,"This work reaffirms her status as one of the leading artists in contemporary folk."
Paste Magazine,70,"An assured and imaginative album."
Slant Magazine,70,"For its sustained mood, its clarity of vision, its consistently lovely orchestration, and its pungent and specific lyrics, this latest break-up album is strong indeed. It's where Colvin does her best work, and this is comfortably among it."
cokemachineglow,67,"It's a far cry from the fighting optimism of 'Sunny Came Home' but Shawn Colvin still writes with fearless honesty and genuine insight."
Observer Music Monthly,60,"[All Fall Down] is a dark journey lyrically: Good folks fail, lovers betray, salvation is an even bet at best. But the music... heals."

PopMatters,80,"There's country stoicism, sentimentality and sparkling sadness on the songs. [Aug 2012, p.96]"
Mojo,80,"All 11 songs are of high quality."
AllMusic,70,"How much one enjoys this record depends on how much tolerance one has for the manly nautical descriptions."
Amazon.com,70,"Mark Knopfler has brought some star power to The Sailor's Revenge, but he's also treated Bap Kennedy's skills as a performer and tunesmith with the care they deserve, and this is a dark but frequently beautiful set of Celtic-flavored contemporary folk."
Uncut,60,"It is derivative and woebegone and its musical twists are seldom hard to predict, but it is also finely crafted and devoid of the phoniness which can make such works unbearable."

NOW Magazine,100,"Her best effort yet."
Q Magazine,91,"There's not a weak track on the record, and there's something arresting in each song."
Slant Magazine,90,"The songs on WWSFTC all hint at loss, limitation and aging, with Spektor's poetic sensibility and passionate singing giving the LP a wrenching sense of vulnerability. [No.88 p.59]"
Stylus Magazine,83,"Many of these songs are merely bemused, and when she revises 'I'm just a soul whose intentions are good,' all she achieves is a different singalong from the one you expected."
Hot Press,80,"Spektor delivers everything with such guileless brio that you never notice the join [between troubadour style to chrome-clean hip hop]."
AllMusic,80,"What We Saw from the Cheap Seats succeeds more often than it frustrates."
Slant Magazine,80,"It might be coming from the cheap seats, but for the most part, this is classy stuff."
Paste Magazine,80,"At her best, Spektor tempers her theatrics with a deep-seated empathy. Beneath the yelps, gasps, and exaggerated accents, she's a romantic, and What We Saw is her most deeply felt, resonant work to date."
Uncut,80,"She probably remains a bit of an acquired taste for some, but What We Saw From The Cheap Seats pulls off the impressive trick of stylistically bouncing about all over the place while retaining a very identifiable vision all of its own."
Q Magazine,75,"Beyond her playing, Spektor holds together the music on Cheap Seats with her singing, which even at its most intricately melodic (as in 'Oh Marcello') retains an improvisatory feel."
NOW Magazine,75,"Spektor still lets her theater-kid id run free, with affected accents ('Oh Marcello') and self-conscious heavy-breathing tricks ('Open')."
Tiny Mix Tapes,72,"Much like Begin to Hope and Far, this record generally continues to juggle the same genres Spektor has inhabited up to this point."
BBC collective,70,"[Cheap Seats] will please the masses by doing what she does best. That is, have fun, play games, and make beautiful music."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"What We Saw From The Cheap Seats could've been Spektor's magnum opus, but the flashes of brilliance here are enough to keep us hoping for her next release."
Filter,70,"Even tighter and more flamboyant than 2009's Far, [What We Saw From the Cheap Seats] may be her best."
Alternative Press,70,"At times, Spektor can be too cutesy... More often though, her little idiosyncrasies are charming."
Observer Music Monthly,63,"Though it rarely makes good on the promise of her earlier songs, Cheap Seats is polarizing, and by now most listeners will have already decided whether or not they can stomach Spektor's peculiar kind of verite, glass-half-full optimism."
Mojo,60,"There is much here to be thankful for, but there is nothing as immediately thrilling as some of her past pop gems. [Jun 2012, p.150]"
Prefix Magazine,60,"It's the near-painful purity she conveys in the high notes that surprises most, especially on the mellower tunes."
Q Magazine,60,"At its most affecting What We Saw from the Cheap Seats is a sad and touching record, filled with love and the memory of .... Parts of [the album] feel either disposable or a revisiting of old ground."
Paste Magazine,60,"Unfortunately, What We Saw is heavy on overlong ballads, and when she adds that trademark whimsy to the mix, it's nearly unbearable."
cokemachineglow,60,"She's still a pop maverick worth cherishing, but you wish she'd tone down the quirkiness just a little."
Pitchfork,60,"What We Saw..., then, is the usual Spektorish mixed bag of literate genius and 'look at me' showboating."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Here, the abrupt shifts between ballad placidity and animated angst underscore the theme of changing course."
AllMusic,60,"Parts of ...Cheap Seats feel either disposable or a revisiting of old ground."
Spin,60,"In fine voice and piano, Spektor skips down the yellow-brick road, offering new diversions at every turn. Fun  but the whimsy can be exhausting."
The Wire,50,"Most of the songs are so flat that the singer sounds constrained."
Uncut,40,"The occasional glimmer of pop genius seen in the albums past is mostly absent, with plodding piano ballads in place instead. [Jul 2012, p.112]"

Slant Magazine,80,"JBM has concocted a glorious half-dream of a third album. [Aug 2013, p.93]"
PopMatters,80,"JBMs electronically tempered woodsman folk is a blissfully eerie, emotional punch to the guts."
New Musical Express (NME),75,"Theres no denying that Marchant can construct some amazing, well-decorated spaces. Now he just needs to populate them."
Stylus Magazine,70,"At its best, JBM's follow-up transcends it's self-imposed cliches. [Jul 2013, p.77]"
NOW Magazine,60,"Marchant is at his best on the more forceful material. [Aug 2013, p.99]"

Stylus Magazine,100,"The most compelling Spanish album I've heard in ages."
AllMusic,80,"Perlas is debonair, contemporary and redolent of that old seductive charge. [Mya 2012, p.58]"
Blender,80,"Perlas is a lovely, understated album, sure in its stride but happy to wander, and somehow peaceable and playful, even as the songs hymn broken hearts."
Alternative Press,80,"This simple, heart-achingly evocative album brings a contemporary approach whilst observing the traditions of the rich mine of Spanish musical culture."
Paste Magazine,70,"Fans of Anda Jaleo will immediately warm to this ten-song set."
Uncut,60,"Foster's voice sounds as beautifully eerie as ever; imagine a ghost from a Deep South 78 brought back from the dead. Little else here, however, sounds avant-garde. [Jun 2012, p.101]"
Mojo,60,"There is a natural grace to these compositions that's difficult to deny."
The Guardian,60,"It's undoubtedly an acquired taste, and you can't imagine actually wanting to listen to it all that much, but there's definitely much to admire here."

Playlouder,80,"Charmingly eccentric...but spiky too. [Jun 2012, p.92]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"It's the drift, eddy and thrust of the whole ensemble that tells the main story."
Q Magazine,80,"It's a daring mix of tradition and modernity, but the group's skill and organic approach carry it off."
Pitchfork,70,"It's a huge, focused, and daring leap forwards."
The New York Times,70,"Overall it's a slow-burn success. [Jun 2012, p.74]"
Billboard,40,"Things often get a bit messy, the meandering 12-minute title track with its extended percussion battle being the most jarring example. [Jun 2012, p.104]"

Delusions of Adequacy,90,"Love is the Plan, The Plan is Death, perhaps Blackshaw's most lucid and rawest effort to date, explores the effects and possibilities of repetition, plunging deep into a humility that suggests the movements of this process of refinement."
Under The Radar,79,"[Blackshaw's] playing carries some of the echoes of his ornate 12-string flourishes, but here there is a grittier edge, with bent notes and the audible sound of his fingers sliding on the strings, his winding melodies casting out concentric smoke rings that call to mind Ben Chasny's acoustic work in Six Organs of Admittance."
cokemachineglow,70,"It always feels uncomfortably like being trapped in someone's else's headspace. [Jul 2012, p.68]"
Dusted Magazine,70,"While this isn't a mainstream record, it's perhaps Blackshaw at his most accessible."
Village Voice,70,"Love Is The Plan sits just fine alongside his other records. [May 2012, p.67]"
Dot Music,65,"Even if they are more refined, they may still sound very much like what Blackshaw has given us before."
musicOMH.com,60,"Whilst this is a lovely, well-made album, nothing separates it from countless other acoustic folk recordings."

Entertainment Weekly,80,"Northern Shore explores terrain that's simultaneously familiar and bracingly fresh; it's a gem."
E! Online,60,"The uninitiated will find it a good place to start. [Jan 2013, p.81]"
AllMusic,60,"The band's adventurous use of sampling and beats pays off when supporting Andy Maize's vocal on The Herd, but the alt-folk arrangements tend to get melodramatic on quieter songs like I'll Be There and the tremolo-piano-treated title track."
Filter,60,"There's a fair amount of stuff here that does work here and works well."

Amazon.com,100,"After he goes down on his knees and prays, as he promises he will, this album will be Exhibit A on his application."
NOW Magazine,100,"It's a rather beautiful thing."
Billboard,91,"It's an exquisitely bittersweet meander through Wainwright's cobweb-strewn psyche liable to leave listeners laughing through tears and crying through laughter."
Spin,90,"You'd be mistaken to pass up the greatest album of Loudon Wainwright III's four-decade career, and an easy frontrunner for this year's best album, period, as 2012 enters its second half."
Under The Radar,80,"Older Than My Old Man Now tackles serious topics with empathy and laughter. By looking at himself, Wainwright shows us what will someday happen to all of us."
Austin Chronicle,80,"The autobiographical Older Than My Old Man Now is a gleefully morbid summing up of his life in which he ponders childhood, family history, aging and death with an attitude of incredulity that he should be 65 and turning out songs like 'My Meds' and 'I Remember Sex.'"
Stylus Magazine,80,"It works, thanks to his bleak wit, his ability to match thoughtful lyrics against varied, mostly blues-based settings, and help from special guests."
Uncut,80,"The rest is a warm and hilarious mediation of mortality. [May 2012, p.83]"
PopMatters,80,"The confessions on Older Than My Old Man Now can be startling."
Pitchfork,80,"This marvelous album will resonate with sons, daughters, parents, spouses or those mindful of their mortality. In other words: everyone."
cokemachineglow,80,"At 15 tracks, it's possibly a bit too long - but this is a man who's lived one hell of a life and has a lot of tales to tell. Indeed, it's a fair shout that this could well be the most entertaining autobiography you'll listen to all year."
The Guardian,70,"Wainwright has a true gift for turning heartbreak into brilliant folk rock."
Mojo,70,"It's riveting stuff; here's hoping the story doesn't end for a long time."
Paste Magazine,70,"Copious candid personal insights are shared with the gravitas of Johnny Cash over a bit of blues here, a fleck of folk there, and country stylings aplenty."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Older Than My Old Man Now contains some excellent work when Wainwright's not putting on false bravado or bullshitting, but ultimately, this is for his hardcore fans rather than casual ones."
Uncut,60,"Despite moments of brilliance, at 15 songs long the self-obsession sometimes grates. [May 2012, p.108]"
musicOMH.com,60,"Amid the thoughts of ultimate demise, the creative juices never cease to flow.[May 2012, p.88]"
Splendid,60,"Best of all is 'The Day That We Die', Rufus Wainwright oozing mournfully with his dad about the way that familial potholes prove so difficult to repair."

Magnet,80,"This is music that speaks of the heart, the soul, and the mind; her messages are articulate and well-crafted, and this ranks with her best work of the past decade."
Pitchfork,70,"With In the Time of Gods, Williams has produced another accomplished album that, at its best, achieves precisely that."
Stylus Magazine,60,"A few more upbeat tunes along the lines of the pop worthy 'Summer Child' might have upped the energy, but for established Williams fans, her ninth studio set is another classy entry that gets better with repeated spins."
The New York Times,60,"What In the Time of Gods lacks, then, is a balance between the headier material and the wit and frivolity that have made Williams such a distinctive voice in contemporary folk."
Dusted Magazine,50,"It's a lofty premise and, sadly, she overreaches with some unusually contrived lyric writing that spoils some of the great music behind it."

Junkmedia,80,"This is highly listenable, but equally disturbing."
Playlouder,80,"It is the sound of a sweet soul contemplating deliverance; as mellow and fierce and fearful as that."
The Guardian,78,"Never pedantic or didactic, never extreme or aggressive, Poor Moon is a warm hand on a cold shoulder, a vintage piece of soul music for new times in need."
Q Magazine,70,"To put it bluntly, Taylor's music sounds bad on paper, but good in headphones."

Dot Music,80,"Pastoral and hallucinatory is how Sioux plays it here. [Jun 2012, p.83]"
PopMatters,80,"It's an album that never feels overstuffed, even at its most wandering."
Mojo,70,"Sioux is another example of an artist who's figured out how to best complement her vocals with her music. Everything here feels connected and complete. It's just that what she's doing is nothing entirely new, which is the only thing that ends up hurting it."
AllMusic,70,"Her mystical lyrics posses a beguiling aura. [Jun 2012, p.159]"
Blender,70,"The depth of Sioux's technical skill is palpable and worth the listen."
Urb,70,"What's most important is that the album marks her out as a talent to watch, more than able of holding her own against such forebears and, in turning in work as simple yet creepily perfect as Homeopathic or Twin Song, proves that she's more than worthy of our love in her own right."
Paste Magazine,50,"With so much good (and weird) folk music out there, it's difficult to strongly recommend something so sleepily middle-of-the-road."

Entertainment Weekly,80,"Mostly she's reaching into the dark places, teasing pain from the wreckage and holding it up for all to see."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Griffith presents her deeply felt personal secrets and political fears to sing and cover songs that come from the heart without shutting off her brain."
Slant Magazine,70,"Admirers of Griffith's earliest recordings will no doubt delight in Intersection as much for its familiarity as the quality of its songwriting and performances."
Alternative Press,70,"Downbeat words are buoyed up by light pop textures, leaning heavily for character on the fragile virtues of a voice that, while full of expression, is not designed for pop."
Dot Music,67,"Intersection is sure to please longtime fans, but it also strikes a more universal chord."
Uncut,60,"Too much of the rest is forgettable. [Mar 2012, p.87]"
Paste Magazine,60,"The bad times have never sounded better. [Mar 2012, p.98]"
cokemachineglow,60,"If surprises on Intersection are few, even rarer are the disappointments. [Mar 2012, p.105]"

Pitchfork,80,"A prayer of a record, despair turned into poetry."
Spin,80,"The Marble Downs should be a welcome addition to the oeuvre of both artists involved. Quirky and challenging, yet ultimately rewarding, it may not garner new fans unfamiliar with either Oldham or Trembling Bells, but it nevertheless deserves a spot amongst the best collaborations of recent years."
Filter,80,"Even those wearied by Oldham's avalanche of releases should investigate. [May 2012, p.87]"
Village Voice (Consumer Guide),80,"The Marble Downs is a cult classic in the making, and if Oldham's involvement helps more people discover Trembling Bells' eclectic brilliance, so much the better."
Almost Cool,80,"The Marble Downs is an unexpectedly gorgeous concoction of uncanny musical stylings."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"A collaboration enrichingly beneficial to both sides - and to the listener."
Drowned In Sound,60,"It has its Mr. Fox-y moments but this feels like a minor clanger. [May 2012, p.83]"
Lost At Sea,60,"Sometimes it's hair-raisingly great... Elsewhere, this incandescent music can stray into baroque perversity."

PopMatters,80,"Skulk is impeccably sung and flawlessly executed by the handpicked musician on show. [May 2012, p.79]"
Prefix Magazine,80,"This fifth album is arguably his most measured, setting his supple vocals to acoustic, subtly innovative arrangements."
The A.V. Club,80,"His treatment of (mostly) traditional songs [is unexpected.]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Two non-trad covers (Anais Mitchell and Fleetwood Mac) remind you that he's earnt the right to do what the hell he wants."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Jim Moray's filtering of traditional folk music through a mesh of modern sensibilities continues on Skulk."

Billboard,80,"Like all the best dreams. [Oct 2011, p.100]"
No Ripcord,80,"Jones furthers the exploratory path he's committed himself to, with tranquil yet compelling acoustic steel-string guitar compositions built from thoughtful open tunings ('Of Its Own Kind'), expressive bottleneck guitar ('Even to Win Is to Fail'), and even banjo ('The Great Swamp Way Rout')."
Austin Chronicle,80,"If Jones' performances and compositions over the years have touched on themes of yearning and the past, with a soft echo into the present day, then it stand all the more to reason why the album title and the cover art--a guitar-playing cat, looking at the moon--should sum up the feeling of The Wanting so well."
ShakingThrough.net,80,"The Wanting boasts both technical excellence and a cosy, welcoming atmosphere. A simple combination, perhaps, but a hugely rewarding one."
Stylus Magazine,80,"This is music that makes its own space, creates its own landscape, and then invites you in."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Perhaps whatever he's wishing for or doesn't have is something too personal or boring to tell."
AllMusic,60,"He never gets beyond either producing a meditative song or joyful song. The difference between this album from all the millions of other acoustic albums out there? Not much."
The Guardian,60,"A continuation of a grand tradition rather than a feeble descendant, Jones' custom tunings strike sourly sweet notes, occasionally--as on the title track--touching on raga modes. [Oct 2011, p.89]"

The New York Times,81,"My Head is an Animal is a highly impressive debut that's full of emotional lyrics, lush, diverse instrumentation, and a powerful and dynamic male/female vocals."
Junkmedia,80,"My Head Is An Animal deserves the attention it is getting, because it is a well-crafted, spirited debut album with soaring choruses and delicious harmonies."
Blender,80,"These songs are made to be sung by giant crowds at festivals: British success is already overdue."
Rolling Stone,80,"A strong-willed, beautifully composed piece of modern day indie-folk."
New Musical Express (NME),75,"Even with a few skipable tracks, though, Of Monsters and Men bring an Icelandic exoticism and captivating energy to U.S. audiences on My Head is an Animal."
Flak Magazine,70,"'My Head Is An Animal' doesn't disappoint. Endearing, exciting, and downright enjoyable throughout, it is one of the finest debuts of the year so far."
Q Magazine,70,"There isn't a bad pop song here, and the balance between whimsy, sensitivity and boisterous fun is expertly weighted."
Playlouder,70,"Thoughtfully crafted and full of melancholic lyricism and quietly desperate romanticism, My Head Is an Animal should appeal to any fan--whether man or monster--of sweet and wide-eyed folk-rock."
Under The Radar,60,"This Icelandic six-piece pull off a neat trick: They make whimsical sound tough."
Mojo,50,"On cutesy likes of 'King And Lionheart,' they're closer in spirit to the plague of emoters loosed upon the world by the success of Mumford & Sons. [Sep 2012, p.81]"
Trouser Press,40,"The sextet's debut album is too empty to excite, its odder, quieter moments all but smothered by windy rock. A shame."
Splendid,40,"There is talent here. If only it could've been matched to a few more original ideas. [Aug 2012, p.105]"

Village Voice (Consumer Guide),80,"Peter Wolf Crier may have arrived at the end of its tour burned out, but by the conclusion of their second album, the duo has evolved a more coherent signature sound."
Mojo,75,"Far more often, the constantly evolving layers of drum riffs and harmonies galvanize the material into something that practically demands repeated listens to savor its piquancy."
Paste Magazine,70,"What originally seemed like a jumbled array of sonic explorations eventually found its place in the recesses of my brain, and I can now state full well that Garden of Arms is a steady piece of music."
AllMusic,70,"Inter-Be was good, but this record proves the band can make a sound uniquely theirs. In doing so, they've also made something far more lasting."
Uncut,70,"The rest of the album, despite a few detours into semi-indulgent, atonal glitch that shakes the fluidity of the record yet never really derails the train, keeps looking forward, hoping to find a light at the end of the tunnel, while knowing full well that it's only the first of many."
Q Magazine,60,"Garden of Arms lacks the shuffling melodies and stark homemade craftwork of the band's debut. [Oct. 2011, p. 108]"
PopMatters,60,"The writing is strong and Pisano's wracked vocals have pleasing echoes of Justin Vernon, but neither quality is best served by a creative aesthetic which often subjects perfectly good songs to the aural equivalent of waterboarding. [Oct 2011, p.95]"
Rolling Stone,60,"The confidence in their new record is clear, if only because their vocals sound more boisterous than ever, but for the most part, the experimentation is the problem."
Blender,47,"Garden Of Arms is a disappointment, but by no means a failure; next time Peter Wolf Crier need to not only focus on how to make interesting-sounding songs, but how best to execute them too."
Uncut,40,"There are some nice moments in the mess, and sometimes I'm almost tempted to look past the annoyances before they build up--but sometimes, that's frankly just not possible."

Splendid,89,"The general expansiveness of sound on songs like 'Ho Hey' make this young group's eponymous debut uniquely American in all the best ways: gritty, determined, soaked in sweat and love and drive. There's nothing precious or affected here, just three dedicated artists opening their hearts."
AllMusic,86,"The album is overflowing with upbeat, Americana gems."
Junkmedia,80,"At it's best, it's impeccable. [Jan 2013, p.107]"
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Yet for all its attributes, this fine debut stirs as much for its sense of what The Lumineers may yet become as for what they currently are. [Dec 2012, p.70]"
PopMatters,70,"Not everything here clicks together at that level, but each track is inventive, and when the songwriting and arrangements cross paths perfectly, as they do in the above songs, this is a delightful band."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Their debut album certainly has its moments... But too many of their songs float prettily by without making an impact, gossamer-light and gossamer-memorable."
Q Magazine,60,"The central concern is present-tense lust and heartache, which this spirited band translates into a fine drunk-clogging soundtrack."
Mojo,60,"Lumineers is an album that successfully weaves a homespun, roots-folk feel with poetic prowess."
Neumu.net,40,"The slicing cello of Dead Sea and knife-glint guitar of Slow It Down hint at what this good-natured trio could be if they allowed themselves to be bold; instead these songs succumb to saccharine in a wish to charm."
Stylus Magazine,100,"Does it succeed in his aim? Triumphantly. With bells on. Tinker bells, even."
The Guardian,80,"An epic study of sand and celluloid. [Oct 2011, p.98]"
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"If this sounds ambitious, it is. But Russell pulls it off with an engaging nobility."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"With Telecasters and drums driving, and Valenzuela's mariachi trumpet singing above it, it's a cracking way to close an album that defines what Americana is."
Paste Magazine,80,"As always, Russell's articulate arrangements embolden the material and give them the grit it deserves."
Pitchfork,80,"While his lyrics don't reach the poetic heights of the master's, Russell's dedication to clarity and craftsmanship over linguistic flourishes make his best work equally satisfying."
AllMusic,67,"As ambitious and poetic as Russell's ever been, Mesabi continues the Texas dweller's renaissance from aging folkie to adventurous craftsman."


Splendid,80,"A definite return to form. [May 2012, p.77]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"Unhitched from a major label, he has opted for a starker, more contemplative approach and sounds the better for it."
Mojo,70,"The music is an acquired taste but Tales From The Barrel House is certainly a modern musical artisan at work."
cokemachineglow,70,"The subject matter may be familiar territory, but this is no comfort zone."
Junkmedia,70,"Tales From Barrel House is by no means without flaw, it's too untameable for that--but when it shines at its brightest, it is every bit as alive as the people and lands it attempts to portray."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Lakeman writes, sings, plays, produces and mixes, which may or may not explain the rather dry, stoney sound of the album and the rhythmic forthrightness of the playing."

Pitchfork,80,"Ready for Confetti is, without question, Keen's most inspired and focused project in nearly 20 years."
Splendid,80,"Robert Earl Keen is a master storyteller who blends acoustic, nylon and steel guitar with solid percussion and his pure, distinct voice into the finest Americana has to offer."
Alternative Press,80,"Ready for Confetti may be a little different, but it's still very much Robert Earl."
Junkmedia,70,"Ready for Confetti creates that bridge between the romance of gone and the reality of knowing what one does well."
Lost At Sea,70,"In dropping the irony for a moment, Keen yet again toys with expectations and shakes up his formula, and it's that openness to change that makes Ready for Confetti one of Keen's finest albums."
The Guardian,67,"After more than 30 years, Robert Earl Keen continues telling stories that imprint listeners in a manner that's unforced and cogent, and Ready for Confetti finds him stretching a bit musically."
Austin Chronicle,60,"Ranging from jazzy jaunts to breezy tropical confections and varied country and blues hues, the sometimes-scattered Ready for Confetti is a multicolored parade in which even the shovel-pusher walking behind the horses can find that hope happens, too."
Spin,60,"Though the songs are shorter and the tone is sweeter, Ready for Confetti doesn't sound all that different from Keen's last release, 2009's Rose Hotel and in terms of his discography, it is neither disappointing, nor exceptional"

Blender,90,"What comes across most effectively is the ease that both Roberts and Morrison have with one another. Their vocals settle in together comfortably. That feeling adds even more bubbling warmth to this already toasty disc."
Dusted Magazine,80,"No museum piece, Urstan energizes the past. [May 2012, p.80]"
Billboard,80,"The pair dovetail beautifully on the mostly traditional ballads and work-songs."
Stylus Magazine,80,"The album is full of superlative performances, and exudes an uncommon level of energy and joy, even at its more melancholic moments, and is a far cry from Roberts' often cold and hermetic (but excellent) solo performances. Despite Morrison and Roberts's being the featured performance, this is clearly a group effort, a fact further underlined by the band-credited arrangements."
Neumu.net,70,"The lilt of the melodies, the consistent surprises of the production, and of course the poetry of the lyrics are all more than enough in and of themselves to keep listeners fully engaged."
Mojo,70,"Urstan is worth a plunge, even for listeners new to the musical genre."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Roberts and Morrison have crafted an elegant and vivid love letter to the music and culture of Lewis, and certainly brings to life the storytellings and traditions of this remote outpost."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Forget austere, bleak, slavishly traditional renditions  this is Roberts and Morrison we're talking about. These love and 'waulking' songs  one of them originally sung by women weaving tweed  are expansive, joyful, mysterious things."
The Guardian,60,"Urstan find Roberts'signature whistling-kettle delivery ... framed with guitars, fiddles, drums and brass. A peaty, heathery authenticity pervades - to compelling effect. [May 2012, p.88]"
AllMusic,60,"The LP works, but just barely... [Roberts] doesn't always mesh well with Morrison's cheerful singing. [No.86, p.57]"
PopMatters,60,"Morrison and Roberts aim somewhere in the middle, not immediate, not really elegiac, dealing with the song as a song, ['Never Wed an Old Man'] not as a story, when more story-punch would have given the thing kick. This measured approach works out for them on other tracks, however."
Stylus Magazine,50,"Urstan can be seen as a remedial effort. [Apr 2012, p.58]"
Junkmedia,80,"A handful of high profile ringers (Beck, Beth Orton, the Cure's Robert Smith, Phil Collins, Snow Patrol) join less recognizable names interpreting Martyn songs in versions that will hopefully encourage listeners unfamiliar with his work to seek out his bulging catalog of inspired originals."
Billboard,80,"As tributes go, this one rates high marks."
Filter,80,"Philip Larkin memorably once noted, 'What will survive of us is love'. Whilst that's undoubtedly true, in Martyn's case there are also these glorious songs to savour and celebrate."
Los Angeles Times,75,"Martyn's early-'70s blend of romantic blues and eerie valentines remains potent, and on this double-disc tribute, 30 participants give him a smooch of respect, trying to update the hazy passion he brought to his best work."
Q Magazine,70,"The missteps are minor, forgivable, and, if nothing else, there are all these fantastic compositions to celebrate."
Mojo,70,"This CD won't replace the originals but it's a tribute with some memorable versions of great songs."
Lost At Sea,70,"Contributors Vetiver, Phil Collins, Vashti Bunyan, and the Cure's Robert Smith make for odd bedfellows. But Martyn's songbook--'May You Never,' 'Stormbringer,' the Drake tribute 'Solid Air'--is the star."
The A.V. Club,60,"There's enough to pique interest for newbies. The rest of us will head on back to the master. [Sep 2011, p.99]"
Splendid,60,"It would have been better to be more sharply focused, and more limited in scope, so a wider audience could discover it and maybe love it as much as Johnny Boy."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"The sonic darings of his own recordings has clearly fueled the imaginations of The Cure's Robert Smith and Beck, although the likes of Snow Patrol and Beth Orton stay closer to the originals. [Oct 2011, p.102]"
Under The Radar,60,"Like most tribute albums, Johnny Boy Would Love This is mixed, with a few misfires, like Snow Patrol's overblown 'May You Never.' But Mr. Martyn's pensive, moody spirit comes through, and the tribute should send listeners back to his own 1973 masterpiece, 'Solid Air.'"
Uncut,60,"None of it is clumsy but, equally, none of it truly escapes the originator's gravitational field."
Pitchfork,60,"It's likely to appeal more to dedicated Martyn fans than newcomers but a fine tribute nonetheless."


Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"They consistently hit on the themes that have made The Hunger Games such a broadly appealing and resonant work, making for a soundtrack that reflects favorably on the film and which stands entirely on its own merits."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"The Hunger Games: Songs from District 12 and Beyond would be an impressive collection even if it weren't associated with one of 2012's most anticipated films, but the care put into the soundtrack makes it an experience that much richer for fans of the books, the movie, and any of the artists here."
E! Online,75,"Far more engaging are the artists who imagine they've seen Katniss' future, and all they can say is 'Go back.'"
Neumu.net,60,"None of these songs will top the charts, and none of them are very immediate, but they work together like a well-oiled machine that delivers a relatively accurate depiction of how you might feel while reading the book or watching the film."
Amazon.com,60,"The T-Bone Burnett-produced album admirably employs a nuanced approach and a consistent tone rather than using the opportunity to cash in on the film's young core audience."
Uncut,60,"Too often the pervasive mournfulness tilts more maudlin than high-lonesome."
Mojo,80,"Ultimately, Our Blood must be graded on what it is (rather than what it could have been), and it is quite good."
The Guardian,80,"Our Blood, like most great singer-songwriter efforts, is open to interpretation, but it's the record's malleable sense of emotion that lends it its peculiar gravity."
Q Magazine,80,"An austere beauty. [Aug 2011, p.81]"
Stylus Magazine,80,"Ultimately, Williams never made a record as intense and as beautiful as Our Blood."
AllMusic,80,"These songs store well more than a half-hour of reward and intrigue-- appropriate enough for a record that had to be made three times."
PopMatters,80,"Our Blood, with its tattered, frayed grace, reflects Buckner's compellingly listenable, weary yet stubborn poetic journey, for answers to questions -- both past and and present, elliptical and enormous --that lie just beyond his grasp."
Pitchfork,78,"Buckner has composed an album that grows more emotionally astonishing with each play, and, at 36 minutes, one that's entirely too brief."
Blender,75,"His latest, Our Blood, isn't likely to raise his profile much. But that's okay."
Planet,70,"The cosmic elements decorating those songwriting chops, the dead-on but unpredictable arrangement touches, the warm and present recording--they're all present here. No impasses, only breakthroughs. [Jul 2011, p.92]"
Rolling Stone,70,"He has grabbed our attention immediately and reminded us not only what we loved about him, but what tricks he's learned while we weren't paying attention."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Old Blood offers a glimpse into the world of Richard Buckner that serves as an ideal starting point for new listeners."
AllMusic,70,"With pedal steel by Buddy Cage (Dylan's Blood on the Tracks), ominous percussion by Sonic Youth drummer Steve Shelley, and Buckner's usual subtle craftsmanship, he creates wasted-night rhapsodies that demand you lean in close--however warily."
Billboard,66,"While the album at times requires careful attention to fully attach to, it's modestly flavored with a warmth and ease that naturally rings true."
The Guardian,60,"Our Blood doesn't leave me wanting more, it doesn't leave me drooling over another listen, and it sure doesn't leave me interested in more of Richard Buckner's work. But on the same measure, it doesn't leave me sick or angry."


Rolling Stone,100,"With Young Man In America, Anas Mitchell has created her second consecutive masterpiece."
PopMatters,100,"Marvellous."
Amazon.com,80,"Young Man in America is born from sorrow, suffering, shattered dreams and incendiary youth 'waiting on oblivion', yet it's one of the most life-affirming musical journeys you'll have all year."
Blender,80,"You have to be in the mood for Young Man In America but, when you are, you'll be rewarded by an absorbing album."
Uncut,80,"Mitchell put a permanent stamp of approval on her already sparkling reputation with the gorgeous and striving Young Man In America."
E! Online,80,"Those same giddy vocals, rusticated, old-timey arrangements and lyrics combine childlike reverie with an ancient sense of wisdom and dread make it equally magical and rewarding. [mar 2012, p.106]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"A sorrowful, yet captivating collection of songs, ensuring that Ms. Mitchell continues to snap at the heels of PJ Harvey in the female singer songwriter stakes."
AllMusic,80,"A remarkable, genre-defying album. [Mar 2012, p.86]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"A fierce, melodic affirmation of sadness and grief, love and lust, attachments formed both strong and precarious, Young Man in America is a marvel of a record from start to finish."
Amazon.com,80,"A deeply affecting album which preserves everything that was so marvelous about her beloved folk-opera [Hadestown], and ultimately performs a very handsome job of keeping out of its vast shadow."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Mitchell has done herself proud."
The A.V. Club,80,"A brilliant, highly original album."
Rolling Stone,78,"Young Man in America, is just as ambitious [as  her last release, Hadestown], but it's more intimate and accessible than its predecessor, focused on the textures of everyday life and the odd, stirring power of Mitchell's voice."
Blender,80,"This is a noble and compelling body of music. [Jul 2011, p.51]"
Dot Music,70,"Those of centrist or conservative political persuasions may decide this is a socialist document. Let them. For Morello and others, this recording claims songs from organized labor history, which are more relevant now than ever; he includes his own contributions to it as well."
E! Online,70,"Though his acoustic-playing doesn't emit the intensity of his electric style, the conviction in his voice is where the true vehemency lies, and it makes you wonder what's scarier: Tom Morello challenging you to a guitar duel, or Tom Morello picketing against you?"
Entertainment Weekly,63,"Though Morello's blunt originals don't leave much room for poetry or subtlety, hearing him perform 'Union Song' at the Madison rally invokes a certain rabble-rousing spirit that Billy Bragg surely would recognize."


Amazon.com,80,"All of it's a terrific listen."
AllMusic,70,"As its title suggests, Use Me offers a lesson in how to stay true to one's muse."
PopMatters,70,"This new disc shows that he still has good taste in musicians, and is smart enough to let them use him to full advantage."
The Guardian,70,"There's a pervasive sense of mutual affection and musical respect throughout this album that makes it a pleasure to listen to even in those moments when its other elements don't quite come together perfectly."
ShakingThrough.net,60,"Bromberg still makes every track shine, like the A-list session man he's always been."
Mojo,90,"For it's diversity, experimentation, and excellent performances, Leaving Eden is even better [than 2010 release, Genuine Negro Jig]."
Blender,88,"The result is a rarity in the Chocolate Drops' world: roots music as useful as it is beautiful."
Junkmedia,80,"The result is a wonderfully immediate album that feels like a Saturday night house party--complete with moonlight, dust flying from the carpet under the feet of dancers, and crickets and night bird calls out the open windows."
Uncut,80,"There's artful variety; the band may have a particular approach, but they're no purists."
Rolling Stone,80,"Leaving Eden is a lesson in 21st-century American folk--a tradition that's as miscegenated as ever, and stronger for it."
Spin,80,"Still the most electrifying acoustic act around."
Stylus Magazine,80,"You can almost hear the chickens out in the yard and see the dust mites dancing in the sunlit air."
CultureDose.net,70,"The stream of banjo, fiddle, bones and spoons rolls on agreeably, marred only by a tendency to tweeness. [Apr 2012, p.73]"
Pitchfork,70,"Like the eponymous candy, Leaving Eden will draw you back for more of that sweet warmth to melt on your tongue."
Mojo,60,"The instrumental work is impressive throughout, but Gidden's vocals are the main attraction. [Apr 2012, p.88]"
Stylus Magazine,60,"Far from coming off as a dry and didactic exercise in replicating an ancient style of playing, Carolina Chocolate Drops has instead reinvigorated old-time music for 21st-century ears."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Carolina Chocolate Drops are a gloriously energetic and adventurous live band, but this set mysteriously fails to demonstrate their range."
Uncut,60,"It has a winning blend of respect, technique and humour."
ShakingThrough.net,50,"The result is an album full of gateway music, lovingly made knockoffs that point to the purer and smarter bluegrass it's imitating."
E! Online,40,"There's no faulting the brilliant playing, but by restricting themselves to exploring a fairly unevolved musical form they forever repeat its limitations. [April 2012, p.90]"


The A.V. Club,80,"Thea Gilmore's take on John Wesley Harding is a worthy tribute to that great album--and with a playing time of 42.23, it even gives you an extra four minutes more than the original."
Amazon.com,80,"Thea Gilmore's 70th birthday tribute takes the form of re-recording her favourite Dylan album in its entirety, triggered by her acclaimed 2002 cover of 'I Dreamed I Saw St Augustine', which sustains its solemnity despite the inclusion of congas."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Without in any way overwhelming the simple beauty of the lyrics and melodies, Gilmore's vocals and still-understated instrumentation add emotional color to Dylan's songs. Like all worthwhile covers, Gilmore's take on these classics lets us experience the songs anew."
Pitchfork,60,"Gilmore is always worth hearing, but this one is for completists only."
Blender,60,"Covering such a cherished and well-respected body of work is a brave move, and while Gilmore was always going to struggle to make these iconic songs her own, John Wesley Harding is a valiant attempt to respectfully add a slightly modern sheen to the 40-year-old record, which should silence any Dylan aficionados waiting to cry foul."

Q Magazine,83,"Veering from their signature alt-folk ditties chronicling the immediacy of transference and love, The Errant Charm presents a dense rendering of that blissful numbness promised by a life of aloof detachment."
AllMusic,83,"The result is the band's balmiest, most relaxed outing to date, with enough down-tempo hooks to score a whole summer's worth of beach trips and barbecues."
Junkmedia,80,"Treading territory similar to Wilco's and working with producer Thom Monahan, they layer drum machine, vintage keyboard, organs and strings atop acoustic folk-rock textures and Cabic's soothing vocals."
Rolling Stone,80,"Gorgeous, sun-dappled sounds from San Francisco. [July 2011, p. 121]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"The ideal album to soundtrack wistful contemplation on balmy summer days."
PopMatters,80,"This album works both as music that can take you over and take you up on a cloud of pop, and as mood-enhancing tunes that can fill up the empty room with happy ambience. Either way, it's an enjoyable, sometimes beautiful, album, one that Vetiver have been working toward since they began."
New York Magazine (Vulture),80,"The Errant Charm is, on the whole, immensely successful  a venture outside of a comfort zone,  a triumph for an artist who has consistently put out quality music only to be instantly likened and compared to a list of formidable influences, and an excellent soundtrack to hazy summer days and introspection."
Amazon.com,70,"Cabic's vocals, always low-key, are nearly ambient here, letting you take what you need and leave the rest."
Blender,70,"The danger with The Errant Charm is pretty much the same as any other Vetiver album -- so many mid-tempo, strummy songs can create a sluggish effect."
Mojo,70,"Vetiver blends acoustic and electric instruments together so that one never knows where one sound begins and when another joins in or takes over. This is enhanced by Cabic and long time band co-producer Thom Monahan's magic in the studio."
AllMusic,70,"Vetiver's latest record, The Errant Charm, is certainly more folk than freak."
Launch.com,70,"Utterly lovely."
The A.V. Club,70,"The Errant Charm is by no means a bad album, but it's not great either; it's just nice in a way that is too easy to ignore for its own good."
Rolling Stone,70,"The Errant Charm is marked by subtle beats and expansive drones that underpin most of the tracks and add an interesting new dimension to the band's sound."
Uncut,64,"The Errant Charm doesn't entirely succeed in that regard, but it remains a pleasant listen, perhaps just a bit too subliminally so for its own good."
Dusted Magazine,60,"The Errant Charm lacks the edge needed to be more than a counter-cultural accessory. [July 2011, p. 102]"
Amazon.com,60,"Your cider-drinking soundtrack for this summer is here. [Jul 2011, p.100]"
PopMatters,60,"Cabic and Monaghan deliver an album of relaxed, low-definition loveliness, and it's hard to begrudge them that."
AllMusic,60,"Vetiver weren't particularly freakish purveyors of freak folk to begin with, but in becoming so deliberately inoffensive, The Errant Charm makes them sound more like a Shins cover band than an act with its own distinct identity."
Mojo,40,"Unlike previous Vetiver albums, for The Errant Charm, songwriter Andy Cabic entered the studio with vague ideas rather than finished songs, and it shows."
Blender,40,"As a whole, The Errant Charm feels back-loaded and unsettled. [May 2011, p. 82]"

Village Voice (Consumer Guide),80,"An extended pilgrimage to New Orleans allowed the longtime friends to hone the 11 songs that make up Through Low Light and Trees into something truly magical, and while the album is clearly the product of the green fields and misty mountains of their homeland, it's obvious that the time spent in the Big Easy had a profound effect on them."
E! Online,80,"Just like the way in which the Fairies use musical forms from the past to ground their songs, they also use musical repetition to make the point that the only thing that doesn't change is that change is always happening."
Uncut,70,"For all the minor detours, Through Low Light and Trees is consistent in proffering a dreamy, timeless music which could have been recorded at any time in the last 40-odd years. That in itself is a kind of recommendation."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"A close to fine debut."
Mojo,70,"At times, it's too lovely and woozy for its own good--but when the mood sours, as on standouts 'Devil In My Mind' and 'Erie Lackawanna', it's really rather intoxicating stuff."
Spin,60,"Ultimately this is a solid record, if not necessarily one that will change either the world or people's perceptions of folk."

PopMatters,90,"England Keep My Bones finally gets the combination right and stands right alongside Love, Ire and Song as one of Frank Turner's best works."
Village Voice (Consumer Guide),89,"England, Keep My Bones is Turner's most emphatic success and the best singer/songwriter album that will be released in 2011."
Launch.com,84,"Smart young miscreants that have outgrown the Warped Tour but aren't ready for the Ted Leo back catalog could do worse, and acoustic rock fans that want more than somnolent campfire melodies couldn't do much better."
Billboard,80,"The wonderfully titled England Keep My Bones features some of the finest songs Frank has yet written. [4 Jun 2011, p.52]"
AllMusic,80,"England Keep My Bones is bracing, and  in the end  oddly charming."
Amazon.com,80,"While Turner's penchant for experimentation is impressive, his ability to juxtapose all of these genres without losing his sense of identity is ultimately what makes England Keep My Bones such a grand success. [Jul 2011, p.108]"
The A.V. Club,80,"Taken as a whole, England Keep My Bones is evidence that Turner is an artist who has fully arrived and knows it. And that's no sin."
Q Magazine,80,"Frank Turner gives sincerity a good name on the rousing England Keep My Bones, an exclamation point in an increasingly brilliant career that ranges from early punk spew to more recent folkie testimony."
Blender,80,"Throughout this is an album of sufficient character, quality, daring and charm to ensure that its creator's unlikely march to the mainstream continues without interruption."
Austin Chronicle,80,"With the standard set, Turner brings an almost literal meaning to the notion of 'traditional English punk' and, as always, it's a fearless venture for an artist with something interesting to say."
Neumu.net,80,"Closing with the smart anti-hymn 'Glory Hallelujah', England Keep My Bones never falters. The soundtrack to this summer? Screw that--these songs will be soundtracking many of our lives for years to come."
Rolling Stone,70,"England Keep My Bones is evidence enough that the Frank Turner train is still picking up speed, but how far it travels from here depends on how much the man at the controls wants to stick to themes which, for all their epic sweep, just aren't for everybody."
Trouser Press,50,"His camp fire ramblings and angry rants soon become tiresome with much of Turner's fourth album feeling like material he has trod before."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Certainly, these times demand an earnest folk-punk poet of the poeple, but Turner's tracts are a little too woolly to truly connect. [July 2011, p. 105]"

Billboard,91,"The effect is both panoramic and cloistered, an aptly manic-depressive tribute not only to the band's source material and Guthrie's lasting relevance, but to the lonesome crowded West that so many have worked to document since."
Drowned In Sound,89,"New Multitudes is a resilient tribute to Woody Guthrie based on the folk pioneer's unpublished lyrics."
Blender,88,"When all is said and done, New Multitudes is a staggering work and a crowning achievement."
Amazon.com,80,"Farrar, Parker, Johnson, and Yames have done the Guthrie family proud and provided a perfect centennial gift to music fans worldwide."
Q Magazine,80,"New Multitudes shows, just as Mermaid Avenue did in 1998, that Woody Guthrie's work remains a living entity with a limitless capacity to inspire."
Uncut,80,"It marks the centennial of Guthrie's birth and is a fitting tribute."
Rolling Stone,80,"To fresh melodies of Guthrie would surely have smiled upon, the four adorn every lyric with fine guitar weaves of rollicking dance, rugged grind or Paris, Texas haunt. [Mar 2012, p.97]"
PopMatters,80,"Guthrie's work endures because if its essential big-hearted hospitality--and Farrar, Johnson, Parker and Yames have mad themselves right at home. [Mar 2012, p.93]"
Spin,75,"These concoctions have inherent charm both from Guthrie's typically pithy, sometimes deceptively trenchant writer's eye and from the foursome's fittingly earnest musical settings."
AllMusic,70,"The level of familiarity turns out to be one of the records strong suits, and something that distinguishes it from the Bragg/Wilco records."
The A.V. Club,70,"In the end, these four alt-folkies honor their idol's legacy, providing a gateway for a younger generation of fans to further experience and explore the importance of Woody Guthrie."
Splendid,70,"New Multitudes, on the other hand, aims for a darker and more introspective tone, and when Farrar takes center stage, he unwittingly reveals his Achilles' Heel--no matter who he works with, he insists on dominating the musical conversation, and when his co-writer has been dead since 1967, there's not much hope for any real balance."
Austin Chronicle,60,"Four singer-songwriters tag-team in a folk-rock vein, and the high points are when voices unite."
E! Online,84,"It's hard to believe Don't Blame the Stars has been floating around for more than three years. Hard to believe because, a) It's a terrific album that a label should have snatched up earlier, and b) It's eerily prescient."
AllMusic,80,"You are moved nearly to tears while also being provoked to think about the very act of a song moving someone to tears."
Rolling Stone,80,"Stars offers deep dreamlike comfort, undercut by the melancholy violin of founding member Noel Sayre, who tragically died during the album's recording. [Sep 2011, p.96]"
Mojo,75,"DeCicca's delivery, alternately grim and genial, sometimes averages out into nonchalance, and some of the black humor in these lyrics is a bit funnier on paper than on the record itself. But he's always been sort of a tricky read as a singer, allowing Sayre's ever-present violin to hammer home the emotional content, and Don't Blame the Stars finds the two neatly complementing one another."
Uncut,70,"Other than the annoyances listed, Don't Blame the Stars is an enjoyable, fairly well-executed album of decent Americana songs. No more, no less."
Ink 19,67,"While The Black Swans' sound is well suited for regretful laments about antidepressants and anxiety, the band is at its best when it lightens up a bit. Given the background of Don't Blame The Stars, perhaps that's too tall an order."


Q Magazine,90,"It's clear that White's bravery in baring his soul has resulted in a quiet masterpiece."
Splendid,80,"Tracks such as 'Epilogue to a Marriage' here, serve as a reminder that there's always room for the real thing, and you'll know it when it hits you."
AllMusic,80,"An excellent collection of soul-bearing Americana."
Blender,80,"White has not only fashioned a terrific album from less than ideal circumstances, but one that finally feels like a worthy successor to No Such Place. [Mar 2012, p.96]"
Rolling Stone,75,"His voice sometimes veers into brief, impressionistic Lou Reed talking or Mary Gautier twang, but mostly it's seductive. [No.85, p.61]"
Amazon.com,70,"When White hits the target--and he does so more often than he misses--he's still a singular musical artist with a singular vision, and he's not even close to running out of stories on Where It Hits You."
Q Magazine,70,"White delivers a heaviness at times, but the disc never bogs down."
Mojo,70,"The Athens-based multi-instrumentalist is joined by an assortment of similarly rootsy musicians who help flesh out some of these generally atmospheric yet always moving pieces, many of which only reveal their subtle allures after repeated playings."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Through the heartache, there is a sophisticated definition of sound; this is no guts-on-the-floor album of raw country blues."
Q Magazine,67,"His Yep Roc debut and sixth proper studio album plays more as an invocation of light against impenetrable darkness."
Uncut,60,"White's devastation lends poignancy to tracks ... that skip with country celebration even as he chokes on the words. [Apr 2012, p.95]"
Launch.com,60,"Classic heartbreak stuff. [Mar 2012, p.97]"
CDNow,60,"White's albums have tendrils that imperceptibly wrap themselves around one's attention; and such is the case here."

Mojo,80,"The result is considerably removed from the country-informed folk that dominated (but never completely encapsulated) her earlier work; it's both her subtlest and jazziest effort to date, certainly sonically but also in its songwriting, which tends more than ever toward long, fluid melodic lines and loose, open-ended structures."
The A.V. Club,73,"She's pushed her own skills as a vocalist, drawing more from her jazz side even when singing pop or country. In the process she's created some of her finest art, even if it frequently sounds too casual for that word to apply."
Blender,70,"There's a difference between being confessional and being self-centered that relate to one's perception of the audience. Sproule presumes we care, but it's not always clear why we should."
Rolling Stone,70,"While it might not find itself a massive audience, fans of earthy, charismatic Americana might do well to seek it out for themselves."
AllMusic,65,"There's no doubt of Sproule's ability on I Love You, Go Easy, both as a songwriter and musician, and her reservoir of talent is far from dry."
Q Magazine,60,"She's good when not covering Mary Margaret O'Hara. But you'll need to hear through the still-life mannerisms to get to the good stuff."
Austin Chronicle,60,"I Love You, Go Easy is an uneven album, not just going from song to song, but within the songs themselves. It offers a variety of moments, some brilliant and entrancing, but not without a few distracting decisions."
Mojo,60,"Ultimately, in a sea of indentikit singer-songwriters, Sproule's  willingness to push just a little bit further counts far more in her favour than against it. [Jun 2011, p. 102]"
The A.V. Club,40,"I Love You, Go easy represents a minor stumble. [Jul 2011, p.96]"

Blender,91,"Punch Brothers' third album as a group, Who's Feeling Young Now?, sees Thile and company continuing their evolution into a more egalitarian enterprise, sounding less like a hot-shit mandolin player with a crack backing ensemble and more like a band--and something like a rock band, at that."
Village Voice,90,"They may have just crafted a masterpiece."
Uncut,88,"Who's Feeling Young Now? strikes a perfect balance between flash and form, running blistered fingers on otherwise scholarly templates."
Billboard,80,"The musical leaps Punch Brothers takes are invigorating, sometimes breathtaking."
PopMatters,80,"An astonishing, envelope-pushing vision that mocks the idea of bluegrass being a revival genre. [Apr 2012, p.94]"
E! Online,80,"Who's Feeling Young Now?, the group's third album and strongest collection to date."
Dot Music,80,"Disjointedness and pretension are twin possibilities, but the Punch Brothers avoid both pitfalls; what results is always interesting, and sometimes spectacular."
CDNow,80,"There are fine, unexpectedly jaunty melodies here, but they come wrapped in complex arrangements."
Q Magazine,70,"The third outing from the Punch Brothers picks up right where 2010's Antifogmatic left off, offering up another quality set of offbeat sophisti-grass that blends the whirlwind musicianship of Bla Fleck & the Flecktones, the spirited delivery of the Louvin Brothers, and the cinematic urban melancholy of Jeff Buckley into a sometimes impenetrable but always fascinating."
Rolling Stone,70,"Thile has a fine tenor, and if the originals don't reach pop heights, they strike a nice balance between old-school and modern."
Blender,70,"Mr. Thile on mandolin, Noam Pikelny on banjo, Gabe Witcher on fiddle, Chris Eldridge on guitar and Paul Kowert on bass--have shifted the emphasis from instrumental wizardry to playful storytelling on this album, their third."
The A.V. Club,60,"Chris Thile is the most remarkable mandolinist in the world; fluent, articulate and sometimes just a little too clever to be truly engaging."
E! Online,40,"[He is] an exceptional mandolinist and brilliant composer ... however, Thile's deficiency as songwriter has begun to bleed through, and the quintet's third album quickly wears thin."
PopMatters,40,"The band's twinkle-toed banjo runs and acoustic duelling fall flat here, hobbled by dreary songwriting."

CDNow,87,"Rather than hone the traditional Appalachian discipline, the sensualist singer explores the possibilities of acoustic/roots music--conjuring songscapes, erotic tableau and enough tension to hold listeners transfixed throughout Follow Me Down."
Billboard,80,"Jarosz's talent is wondrous and in no way normal, and her developing musical maturity continues to be a wonder to watch."
Uncut,80,"Austin's 'newgrass' prodigy moves ever onwards. [July 2011, p. 108]"
Village Voice,80,"Mostly introspective, lower-key fare fills out the album's remainder, resulting in an occasional lag in momentum. This, however, is offset by inventiveness and instrumental wizardry, offering those who accept Follow Me Down's tempting invitation entry into a wonderland of musical riches."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Let's hope the slightly odd CD cover image does not put anyone off discovering the music held within because Jarosz has produced a fine album."
Neumu.net,80,"Her first UK release is a polished, bluegrassy thing of no small wonder."
AllMusic,80,"Jarosz's first album showcased her ability to take on folk, country, and bluegrass music head on as well as cover rock songs with creative gusto. Jarosz does the same on her latest album, but she has expanded her musical palette and does much more."
CultureDose.net,80,"With the release of a beautiful new record Follow Me Down, it's time to proceed past the astonishment of Jarosz's remarkable age and acknowledge her place among the prestigious group of musicians currently pursuing acoustic music to exciting and progressive new heights."
Q Magazine,78,"The multi-instrumentalist's second album for Nashville, Tenn.'s premier roots and bluegrass label measures the giant steps her songwriting has taken on Follow Me Down, even as her ear for covers lends itself to Bob Dylan's 'Ring Them Bells' and Radiohead's 'The Tourist.'"
L.A. Weekly,70,"Traditionalists may bristle at the notion that they've lost yet another promising young talent to a more contemporary sound, but Follow Me Down proves that Jarosz has an intuitive grasp of traditional folk and bluegrass structures and a taste for more adventurous, modern song choices and arrangements."
Mojo,60,"Her aching voice is more lived in than her years suggest. [Jul 2011, p.92]"

Magnet,70,"The band are more interesting when they expand their sound."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"The album grows stronger as its second half wears on."
The A.V. Club,60,"There are moments when Soft Hills' sound slight; even middle-of-the-road bland. But there's a beguiling soulfulness and a darkness to this record that will seep into your heart if you give it a chance."
Pitchfork,50,"Songs about death and mysticism are intriguing, and Matt Brown's production work gives a sense of atmosphere, but the album is bogged down by tracks ('Return to Eden', 'It Won't Be Long') that feel aimless"
Sonicnet,83,"'Pretty' in the best sense--with meticulously observed lyrics: tales of wronged women and dashed hopes without mawkishness or cynicism. [27 May 2011, p.79]"
Launch.com,80,"Finally, it seems, she's found her sweet spot in burnished southern folk-pop."
Q Magazine,80,"The melodies and hooks remain as irresistible as ever."
AllMusic,80,"Some of the songs have been recorded by others, but Ms. Berg reclaims them with her clear, tremulous, centered voice and arrangements that are restrained but never spartan. She's her own producer, providing herself with space and resonant depth, making the sorrow and longing luminous."
Neumu.net,80,"While it's easy to miss the occasional flash of wiseass wit from her earlier albums, it's clear that Berg understands the relationship between the production and content of a song."
CDNow,80,"ltimately, The Dreaming Fields is a deeply moving, gloriously articulated album that should not only reawaken the interest of fans, but should win Berg a multitude of new ones."
Spin,80,"Fans of Matraca's songwriting, who have waited for more than a decade for a new album, will likely agree with another of that song's lyric lines: one more is never enough."
Salon.com,70,"Now Berg's back, she will have to compete with both them and newer country rock artists, and she is doing this by penning and performing music that would not sound out of place in the '70s. Times may have changed, but Berg has built her stake firmly in the ground of the past. She sings as if she dreams her fields, the audience will come."

Mojo,85,"It's a surprising and rewarding journey, one best experienced with a good pair of headphones--where the intimacy is at its highest."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Given the classically trained cellist's indie leanings, it isn't surprising that Sollee would follow in the vein of acts like Sufjan Stevens, but it's a testament to his unique talents that Inclusions emerges as a distinctive, compelling record."
Blender,80,"Inclusions is a thoughtful and thoroughly imaginative album about what a huge and complicated undertaking it is to truly relate to other human beings, what with all our mismatches in expectations and differences in background, experience and belief."
New York Magazine (Vulture),70,"Inclusions has many of the Sollee hallmarks: imaginative arrangements, wicked humor, and, most importantly, loads and loads of good singin' and good playin'."
Spin,70,"Landing well above a genre bedeviled by the twin albatrosses of solipsistic whining and overwrought political grandstanding, lyrically Sollee's songs feel well-worn yet sturdy. But they stand out chiefly because the array of melodic and textural effects available to a cellist is much different than your run-of-the-mill fingerpickin' crooner."
AllMusic,60,"Inclusions is not an album for any typical audience, though those with more esoteric and adventurous tastes may embrace it."
Rolling Stone,60,"Through these tracks and beyond, Sollee keeps things interesting with his sonic creations."

Billboard,80,"As with most things on this record, it's a thoroughly engaging ride."
The A.V. Club,80,"While her impressively expansive band needs little bidding to cut loose, Carthy's lush vocals, and cryptic lyrics keep you on your toes. [Jun 2011, p.103]"
Trouser Press,80,"She's on the cover, smirking in front of an old map: a naughty sea god(dess) in a Cruikshank cartoon. Which somehow suits the discursive post-folk rompery of the music: highly arranged, wordy as an Elvis Costello song with larks taking the place of bitterness."
Sonicnet,80,"While it's unlikely that Neptune will have quite the sort of chart success Adele's 21 has enjoyed, it's a fine example of Eliza Carthy's huge talent."
Q Magazine,80,"Her bravest, most original work to date."
Billboard,60,"Her seventh solo album is effectively her third LP of self-penned pop songs, and it suits her bawdy contralto voice rather better. [Jun 2011, p.79]"
Spin Cycle,40,"Musically, she strays a little too far from her folkie comfort-zone, with varied results"

Rolling Stone,80,"This is some of the most mature and eloquent music I've heard in quite a while."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Last is not the sort of music you'll want to play at a party on a Friday night, but if you're looking for the proper accompaniment as you ponder life's twists and turns on a rainy Sunday afternoon, the Unthanks will give you all the deeply shaded wisdom you could use."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"The Unthank sisters' voices form the musical core of the album. Whether they are singing together or as soloists, the vocals are richly sung with deep emotion."
Magnet,80,"Last retains the intimacy of their previous recordings, but it's augmented with more orchestral flourishes."
Spin,80,"It's this ability to pare back extraneous matter and to stare unflinchingly into the very soul of a song that makes Last such a spellbinding, if at times unsettling, experience."
CDNow,80,"Bewitching and hugely ambitious. [Apr 2011, p.110]"
Sonicnet,80,"This is a bleakly beautiful record which unfolds slowly. [Apr 2011, p.87]"
Rolling Stone,80,"This is a big album in every way, full of ambitious layers, heavy on piano, strings, brass and drums producing vast soundscapes and lavish arrangements which place strong emphasis on the atmospheric undercurrent of some unerringly dramatic material. [Apr 2011, p.99]"
Village Voice,80,"Apart from a short reprise of the McNally-penned title track this, then, is how the album closes, and the lasting image that it leaves you with. It is a fitting summary of all that is great, and troubling about this unique, uncompromising band."
Neumu.net,80,"There's not the emotional range of the last Unthanks album, Here's the Tender Coming, but it's a bold and highly original set."
The A.V. Club,80,"The fourth album from the award-winning strings-and-sisters folksters is a thing of shivery and spooky charms."
Wall of Sound,80,"They take a sombre aspect of their native Northumbrian traditional music, regional accent and dialect intact, and, sprinkling in a few intriguing covers along the way, build something string-laden and luscious but also delicate, wistful and melancholy."
Village Voice (Consumer Guide),76,"Though it's one of the few songs on Last that isn't sad and bleak, their voices come together just so, and the result is mystifying and devastating."
Alternative Press,70,"Somehow the group manages, with masterfully restrained piano and strings, to wring joy from bygone heartache."
Blender,60,"But it's Alex Glasgow's lament 'Close the Coalhouse Door' that packs the most powerful punch, the cyclical piano like a minimalist murmur behind Becky's poignant delivery."


Mojo,80,"One of the more riveting and idiosyncratic tribute albums of the past ten years."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"This is a powerful performance of empathy and passion. [Feb 2012, p.99]"
Q Magazine,80,"Rather than merely bashing out folk takes on [the songs of Wyatt and Antony], they've remodeled them, retained the sense of gravitas and added a fan's love. Gorgeous. [Feb. 2012 p. 111]"
The A.V. Club,80,"In other words, it's a perfect match."
AllMusic,80,"Some bands are stronger on record, while others go up a level when performing live. The Unthanks are equally compelling in both settings."
Billboard,80,"The second Unthanks album of the year is a thoughtful, delicate and bravely original tribute to two fine contemporary songwriters."
PopMatters,80,"A triumphant excursion."
CDNow,70,"On this wonderful live album, the acclaimed British group led by Rachel and Becky Unthanks interprets ... with spare grit and a silvery deceptive spine running through the sisters' Earth-angel voices."
Wall of Sound,70,"Taken at face value, they can come close to propaganda, but this improves their expressive value."
Rolling Stone,70,"This kind of tribute doesn't come about often enough, and they've nailed it, letting the lyricism and emotionality ring out."
Sonicnet,70,"A feast of vulnerable balladry with a political heart and, audibly, much surrounding air."
Spin Cycle,60,"It's well-crafted, but clunky. [Feb 2012, p.105]"
Sonicnet,60,"The covers of their favourite maverick songwriters more than matches for the originals."
The A.V. Club,80,"It's an often bleak, thoughtful set that echoes anything from British traditional ballads to country music and theatrical pop, and proves she's a fine storyteller."
AllMusic,80,"Here are a dozen more such, all beautifully crafted and conceived with poetic flair, arranged nicely for restrainedly plucked instruments, sung in a thin soprano which strains into a yelp."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Her uncompromising, June Taboresque alto and imaginative, original material--from ye olde narrative ballads to modern love songs--are enduringly seductive."
CDNow,80,"Bella Hardy takes a bold leap of faith on her third album, devoted entirely to a rich songwriting talent only hinted at on her previous two. [Jun 2011, p.103]"
Billboard,60,"Hardy's undeniably a talent, and Songs Lost & Stolen is a tasteful, better than average folk record that many aficionados will enjoy, but it lacks that extra ingredient to make a lasting impact or reach a broader audience."


E! Online,100,"Leonard Cohen has made the best full album of his career (song for song, sound for sound, lyrical point for point; yes, this is true) and most certainly the best album of 2012."
Launch.com,100,"It is, in short, and as we might have expected, a work of genius."
PopMatters,95,"In an era of hype and hyperbole where such a word has lost its meaning, Old Ideas is in the truest sense a masterpiece."
Pitchfork,91,"Give it its long chance and you'll find that Cohen's sense of humor alive and kicking from the first words."
AllMusic,91,"Fittingly, the album is all warmth, putting Cohen's improbably expressive smoker's purr in the middle of simple yet sumptuous instrumentation."
Spin,91,"The man in the suit still commands a room, telling tales of forgiveness, heaven, and alcohol. [3/10 Feb 2012, p.112]"
Alternative Press,90,"The new album is a willfully modest affair, its tracks stripped to their most basic elements: a synthesized keyboard and drum machine here, an acoustic guitar or violin there, meticulously arranged female voices everywhere as a counterpoint to Cohen's own increasingly cavernous growl."
The A.V. Club,90,"The lyrics on Old Ideas reach for the stark power of prayers, hymns and religious riddles."
Magnet,90,"With simple, delicate moments of memorable poignancy such as Banjo or Amen, he has now made a late masterpiece."
CDNow,88,"Still feisty after all these years, his entanglements with love and aging [are]documented with wicked wit and an attitude that is anything but sentimental."
AllMusic,80,"Old Ideas goes beyond serving as a solid-bookend, revealing the singer/songwriter's gifts to be entirely undiminished. [Mar 2012, p.83]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Old Ideas remain a quietly surprising album, full of grace, full of sadness, but also, most importantly, full of life. [Mar 2012, p.90]"
Sonicnet,80,"Leonard Cohen sounds like a performer at the peak of his game. [Mar 2012, p.107]"
Rolling Stone,80,"Old Ideas is the most musically considered Leonard Cohen album yet, and perhaps the first that sounds like the kind of thing you'd expect from an old master of the 1960s and 70s."
Wall of Sound,80,"Old Ideas is a very good Cohen album; it may be great, but only time reveals that when it comes to his work."
Wall of Sound,80,"Wonderfully unsentimental, beautifully tuneful."
Sonicnet,80,"Old Ideas feels like you're hearing Cohen performing live at a small club with a top-notch band of veteran players, and this new level of intimacy suits him perfectly."
Q Magazine,80,"He filters these gifts of poetry and keen observation through his bruised, romantic outlook, into a fully-formed album that sounds as if it was always in there, waiting to see the light of day. Or the darkness."
Mojo,80,"He comes across as a man still deep in the throes of religious and romantic upheaval, invigorated rather than intimidated by the nearness of death."
AllMusic,80,"It is not wild hyperbole to say that he might be the finest master of his craft alive today."
Wall of Sound,80,"if it is to be his last communiqu, at least the old smoothie's going down swinging."
AllMusic,80,"An album that pores over the passing and the past with such defiant, deadpan nobility. [Feb 2012, p.78]"
Pitchfork,78,"All told, Old Ideas might be Cohen's strongest effort since taking Manhattan."
New Musical Express (NME),82,"If they stick to the melodic folk at the core of their best songs, that fateful open-mic night could be the beginning of something really great."
Splendid,76,"Old Ideas is not the man's latter-day masterpiece but its title is as bluntly honest as any you'll see this year, in more ways than one."
Wall of Sound,75,"The sparse production recalls Cohen's 1988 release, 'I'm Your Man,' by throwing the Canadian balladeer's ever-deepening voice and his mix of poetic flair and pitch-black humor into satisfyingly stark relief."
AllMusic,80,"The UK edition of their debut has three extra tracks recorded in a church, which damps things even further. But there is still much to enjoy here."
Checkout.com,75,"The 10-track album is heavily front-loaded--while the texture and tone remain relatively consistent, the writing 'relaxes' a bit about halfway through, and there's little in the record's second half that's as intensely arresting as any of the aforementioned songs."
Sonicnet,80,"If well-crafted folk-pop leaves you feeling lukewarm, by all means join the naysayers; otherwise, I'll be on the side of those dancing and singing along."
Magnet,74,"The songs are decent, the singing is stunning."
The A.V. Club,80,"Hardly groundbreaking, but heartfelt all the same. [May 2011, p.116]"
Spin Cycle,70,"For all its flaws, Old Ideas remains Cohen's strongest work for some time."
MTV.com,80,"It's a long time since a debut album forged its influences into something quite as fresh and rich as this. [May 2011, p.87]"
CDNow,70,"Old Ideas, however, succeeds in largely keeping the music subservient, buoyant enough to keep things moving but not distracting any attention from the lyrics, the true star of the show."
Billboard,80,"There are plenty of bands who literally spend a decade working up to an album as well-crafted, confident, and powerful as The Head and the Heart, and these folks managed to knock it out in a bit over a year; is they can make this particular bit of lightning strike twice, we may be looking at one of America's best new bands."
Wall of Sound,78,"The Head and the Heart deliver plenty of both [Americana and chamber pop] when it comes to sing-along meditations and winding Appalachian roads."
Spin,70,"There's a distinct valedictory tone to his customary musings upon life, love and the spirit, with one track titled 'Amen' and another 'The Darkness'. But if it is to be his last communiqu, at least the old smoothie's going down swinging."
Uncut,60,"Not to say Cohen is not an artist to be treasured, just that Old Ideas may not be entirely essential."
AllMusic,70,"Their glowing harmonies, sense of movement, and emotional build capture the heart in ways other bands can only dream about. [May 2011, p.78]"
Sonicnet,70,"The debut by this Seattle indie-folk group suffers slightly from an abundance of niceness."
Q Magazine,50,"The voices that accompany him here are by turns syrupy and overwrought, and they work less to melt the icy tenor of the singer's voice than to soften the tracks into complete mush."
Spin Cycle,70,"For all the humming and picking, the songs feel too similar to each other to hold interest throughout."
Checkout.com,60,"Moments of delicate introspection such as Winter Song and Josh McBride (from their Chapel Sessions) aside, their straining for both authenticity and jollity can bring to mind people knocking on your door wielding pamphlets."
Spin,50,"More problematic are the melodies and the songs themselves; they strive for rousing resonance, a deep sense of loss, but often settle for pat prettiness and easy sentimentality."
Wall of Sound,42,"Though the songwriting is sturdy, the choruses hearty, the melodies time-tested, and the recording vibrant, The Head And The Heart falters most on account of Jonathan Russell and Josiah Johnson's pre-packaged, Cracker Barrel lyrical conceits."
The A.V. Club,40,"There's potential in the chemistry, but no daring."
CDNow,40,"They may have plenty of heart but their heads are lost in the clouds."
Alternative Press,40,"The songs are surely poppy, but their catchiness rests more on the sweetness of the vocals, and the pleasant mix of guitar and piano over measured drums. The hooks rarely stick out in the mix, so that little distinguishes their sound from other bands treading similar musical ground."
Q Magazine,40,"Even as singers Jon Russell and Josiah Johnson's voices flow together swimmingly over Charity Thielen's violin, the album never truly succeeds at living up to its name."
Mojo,38,"Conceptually, they're close to Mumford & Sons: opportunistic in their borrowings, yet entirely unimaginative in the execution. Theirs is a thoroughly timid, tentative take on Americana: roots music without the roots."


Rolling Stone,91,"Both less sunny and more accessible than Person Pitch, Tomboy is broken down into bite-sized, relatively straightforward morsels of melody buttressed by percolating polyrhythms, twinkling guitar, piano-based hooks, and Lennox's choirboy emoting."
Pitchfork,90,"While it will inevitably be argued as to whether or not Tomboy is really a work of startling originality or perhaps just a long lost companion to Bjrk's Vespertine, it's hard to deny positing that we've got one of the best albums of 2011 finally in our hands."
AllMusic,90,"While still featuring the repetition and reverb that embodies much of Lennox's work, Tomboy is more divisible, and more accessible for a downloaded generation, or listeners looking to simply dabble their toes."
,90,"Tomboy is every bit as good as it promised to be, and more."
,90,"Whichever route you choose, one thing remains unflinching: this album is guaranteed to please."
,88,"Tomboy is a tricked-out, big-budget epic built for IMAX."
,88,"With Tomboy, Lennox valiantly accepts the responsibilities he once invoked on Prayer, now seeming to possess answers to some of the questions as well."
,85,"The whole thing sort of pops into existence, an idea and a testament, and instead of resolving, wistfully swoons into silence, all a dream. But maybe that's what Lennox was going for."
,85,"Tomboy is a much more considered record, with thickly layered psych-style production."
,84,"Sometimes, in the wrong mood, Tomboy can come across as eleven great songs chipping away at each other."
,83,"The woozy, reverb-rich result makes for great headphone swimming (also: infant appeasement!), but Lennox is at his best with a groove to submerge."
,80,"It's really only when you find the time to sit down and listen to it all that it starts making sense. Yes, this may require some patience, but you will be rewarded."
,80,"Here Panda retreats to inscrutable, heavenly distance, and while force of emotion might not suit an album whose foundations are laid on force of sound, I still find myself wishing he'd fully explore his more human side someday."
,80,"The result is a record that demands to live not in some mythologised '80s, but in the here and now. [May 2011, p.81]"
,80,"Tomboy finds him in sustained reflection, singing sublimely about the managing of expectations. It's a deeply interior album, but with an acute awareness of the space it inhabits, and the impression it hopes to leave."
,80,"Despite Tomboy's significant changes, it feels less like a radical shift than a subtle progression; while it may not be quite as dazzling as Person Pitch, it should still please fans of that album and Lennox's many other outlets."
,80,"While much here can be summarised as more of the same, when Lennox's natural quality control operates at such an admirable standard, that's precisely why Tomboy is such a chilled-out triumph."
,80,"From the stark black-and-white artwork to the sounds within, Panda Bear's fourth album scales back, proffering succinctness rather than sprawl, exchanging samplers for sequencers, in favor of added warmth and intimacy."
,80,"Even when the lyrics betray nagging anxieties, Lennox sounds joyful, illuminating the darkness of Slow Motion like shooting stars, breaking through Alsatian Darn like the sun through a storm."
,78,"Tomboy's an ambitious work that finds its power and grandiosity in the slightest moments  an album that demands headphones, yet equally compels to crank the stereo."
,75,"In the end, Lennox's dueling ambitions leave Tomboy in a singular place--a strange, almost devotional record to get lost in."
,75,"Tomboy's best quality is its consistency with Lennox's vision, in spite of the critical hullabaloo surrounding it."
,71,"For the most part, Panda Bear manages to fall somewhere in between, creating a work that can be appreciated as both interesting from a compositional standpoint and enjoyable as an extension of his creative path over the past several years."
,70,"It could have been so easy for an album that's strung out on the tension between artist as paid-up perma-kid and responsible grown-up to be self-indulgent and, worse still, boring. Instead it's cathartic."
,70,"Sure, Lennox makes a lot of pretty noise on this album, but sometimes you just want to pluck him from his own sound waves and have him try to navigate them from the inside of a more firmly constructed ship."
,70,"Noah Lennox makes music swathed in so much synth noise, ambient voices and ricocheting stereophonic WTFs, it can feel like you're swept into a tidal wave of bong water."
,70,"I'm not sure if I'll ever be sold on his approach, but scattered moments do shine."
,70,"Certainly, Tomboy, recorded in a dark basement in sun-soaked Lisbon, delivers its fair share of primal pleasures and sacred ecstasies."
,60,"Such is the electronic murk elsewhere, it feels better to dabble your toes in this record than plunge right in. [May 2011, p.120]"
,60,"It's impressive on the first few listens, it grows irritating with repeat play. [Apr 2011, p.57]"
,60,"On its own, Tomboy isn't moving forward but it isn't treading water, either. Lennox performs a tricky balancing act in that sense."
,60,"It's a gentle, woozy mood-scape in which nostalgia for the candyfloss summers of childhood shades imperceptibly into the sweet melancholy of encroaching autumn."
,60,"While Person Pitch rippled with punctuated sound, Tomboy  is a cyclic plateau, a triumph of building algorithms that gradually add plushness and sonic density, but very little movement."
,60,"On Tomboy, he seems about half-awake, caught between the haziness of sleep and the defensiveness of waking life."
,60,"Tomboy once again sees Lennox creating a distinctive, hypnotic sound-world - but it sometimes feels too much like a world from which there is a strong desire to escape."
,40,"Rather than gaining urgency Tomboy instead feels rhythmically constrained and sonically muted. [May 2011, p.100]"
,40,"Tomboy doesn't speak loud enough for us to hear it. It hums, rather; it mumbles. It actually can't speak."
,80,"Her debut LP is a Story Book Forest of weird instruments and enticing sounds. [Feb 2012, p. 108]"
,80,"Laura J. Martin's debut album is an extraordinary and eclectic mix of flute, loops, mandolin and xylophone. [Feb 2012, p.92]"
,70,"With its flutes, xylophones, mandolins, a truly incongruous mention of Superman III and, not least, Martin's own lilting delivery, it also has a fair quantity of charm."
,60,"While The Hangman Tree's left-field approach won't be for everyone, it's hard not to admire its ambition and refreshing sunny disposition."
,60,"The Hangman Tree is certainly a decent sapling with plenty to like, but the love or loathe vocals mingle with the predominantly wonky atmosphere to prevent this from being a mighty oak."
,50,"The album just about manages to avoid the trappings of both quirky and medieval, which is no mean feat for a flute based album."


,80,"Dylan has never sounded more convincing--and any true Dylan lover will have to seek out this album."
,80,"This recording demonstrates what he was capable of out of his element: a skillful entertainer working the crowd, reaching into his trick bag and pulling out just what he needs to get the job done."
,80,"Dylan is as warmly engaging as ever on 'Talkin' John Birch Paranoid Blues' and 'Talkin' Bear Mountain Picnic Massacre Blues,' which remains one of his funniest songs. The only bummer? The tape doesn't start until partway through the opener, a rewrite of Henry Thomas' 'Honey, Won't You Allow Me One More Chance?'"
,70,"At turns witty, sarcastic, evasive and chilling, Dylan's mercurial song-cycle takes listeners from the exuberant opener, through the sarcastic jibes of 'Talkin' John Birch Paranoid Blues' and into the bleak sorrow of 'Ballad of Hollis Brown.'"
,63,"Ultimately, Brandeis was more valuable and revealing as a bonus disc than as a standalone album."
,60,"If the show doesn't quite manage to be memorable, it is certainly engaging, a worthwhile 38 minutes even if it doesn't quite have much more than a historic hook to warrant repeated plays."
,40,"Without knowing the musical and political climate at the time, and without knowing Dylan's future place in both camps, this disc is slight at best."
,80,"Peter creates the highest kind [of art]."
,80,"It makes for an affecting, beautifully measured, very grown-up affair. [Mar 2012, p.111]"
,80,"2007's Burnt Toast & offerings established her as the natural successor to Lucinda Williams--this does not contradict the notion. [Mar 2012, p.97]"
,80,"This album comes to the listener as a gift wrapped in tattered paper, making it all the more precious to receive."
,80,"Peters has created an album of rare insight."
,80,"It's real music for grown-ups."
,70,"There's an unusual sophistication and depth of lyrical craft here, and maybe it's not best advertised by a polished country-pop setting that sounds overwhelmingly usual."
,60,"Her recurring implication that this life may be all we have is a bold notion that may bring relief or dismay-and your response to that notion will tell you whether or not Hello Cruel World is an album you'll greet with open arms."


,80,"Whilst Festival Bell lacks the visionary presence that made 1969's game-changing Liege & Lief so influential, and established the group's pre-eminent position in the folk-rock firmament, this album nevertheless confirms Fairport's reputation as an ongoing repository for quality songwriting."
,80,"Festival Bell is by no means perfect. It can, at times, become somewhat samey, and, at just over an hour long, could definitely do with a trim. But none of that's really important; because the music stored within Festival Bell's grooves is living proof that the venerable Cult of Fairport."
,80,"Forty-four years on, Fairport Convention are still in great form, even without their former superstars, Richard Thompson, Dave Swarbrick and the late Sandy Denny."
,70,"In 2011, the band is still going strong... Several tunes here sound like they could end up on Fairport's next greatest-hits compilation."
,60,"It would be silly to expect surprises from the Fairports at this late point, and their first album in four years proves as well tended and predictable as a Cotswold village. [May 2011, p.85]"
,60,"Fairport Convention are like the Stanley Matthews of folk music--age does nothing to erode essential quality."
,100,"A few private recordings have surfaced from the early 1960s, but none capture her essence like 1966."
,87,"Of these three reissues [Cotton-Eyed Joe, Green Rocky Road, and 1966], 1966 is arguably the best, by virtue of the setting itself."
,80,"1966 is one more piece to a puzzle that will never be complete--which is of course how Dalton herself would have had it."
,80,"This recently unearth gem from Delmore is a fascinating insight into the creative mind of one of the brightest lights of the Greenwich Village breadbasket circuit, Karen Dalton. [Feb 2012, p.63]"
,80,"Essential to anyone searching for modern folk's head waters. [Feb 2012, p.101]"
,80,"It is an essential document for anyone interested in the provenance of this deeply flawed yet brilliant artist. [#39, p.72]"
,80,"The old-timey accompaniment and Dalton's bluesy vocals perfectly suit Hardin's exquisitely sad songs. [Feb 2012, p.83]"
,80,"Despite the lo-fi nature of the source tape, which was made in an ad hoc manner by a local friend, the sparse setting--just acoustic guitar and banjo--gives Dalton's distinctive voice plenty of room to do its thing."
,80,"These cuts may be little more than glorified home recordings, but they are more than charming."
,70,"By turns languidly bluesy and as stark as an oak branch against a February sky, her music is a treasure, and this record fills in a story-line with far too many gaps."
,60,"Roots folk doesn't get more organic than this."


,90,"If Diane's songs are more accessible, they're still not easy, creating the Inception-like sensation of wandering around in someone's overheated brain, where urgency and a lack of clarity intertwine to disorienting effect."
,80,"While the songwriting stays high, it's her strong but sensitive voice, with its lonesome hint of yodeling, that captivates. [May 2011, p.115]"
,80,"This is a vivid selection of songs underscored by a bittersweet poetry."
,75,"This self-titled album gives the impression that they're constantly aware of holding back. Such restraint is ultimately unwarranted: Diane is a strong enough presence as a singer and as a songwriter that she can more than hold her own."
,70,"The voice (Joni Mitchell meets Anna Calvi), is as tough and tender as before but the music now acts as a bouncy counterpoint to songs with lyrics such as 'death is a hard act to follow', blurring the line between unsettling and uplifting nicely."
,70,"Backed by a solid country-rock band (including two guitarists who claim co-writing credits on more than half the songs), her new sound is perhaps more indebted to Nashville than the West Coast's folk scene, but it sounds its best in the neutral territory between both camps, neither subscribing to nor rebelling against any single genre."
,70,"Wild Divine ain't 'Kid A', but it's hardly musical stagnation."
,70,"She has toned down the extreme vocal expressions found on previous records and settled into more of a groove. That's a shame, because while each track has merit, Diane needs to add more variety to make the album always compelling."
,60,"There was mmuch to anticipate, but it falls short of the promise. [May 2011, p.114]"
,60,"Occasionally, though, the songs resemble fragments of poetry, signifying little more than unfocused emotions, with Diane undecided about whether to be pretty or strange. [May 2011, p.82]"
,60,"Musically, her new direction is colourful, with electric guitar brazen against pedal steel and slide, retro keyb oards shimmering next to bluegrass-hued banjo and accordion. But the result is surprisingly lightweight."
,60,"Wild Divine finds Diane attempting new approaches to production and arrangement and should perhaps be seen as a transitional album. At the moment, the performances from within her comfort zone remain the most effective."
,80,"It lurches, as such compilations sometimes do, but those lurches, are from intimate to inviting, triumphant to introspective and funny to heartfelt. [14 Jan 2012, p.51]"
,80,"It finds the heart of everything from 'The Reak Damage' through to 'Glory Hallulejah' and is content to let that heart meander at its own pace, and a result it rivals his more deliberate studio releases, breathtaking as they are."
,70,"A rather ramshackle collection of rarities, The Second Three Years is perhaps more for his long-term fan base rather than any new converts, but it's an intriguing listen that suggests Turner's slow-burning rise to fame could reach even loftier heights."
,70,"Much like Nirvana's 'Incesticide' or Smashing Pumpkins 'Pisces Iscariot', this is an excellent record in its own right, and an essential addition to any collection for both ardent Frankophiles as well as those just discovering him."
,30,"The covers portion is entirely without merit, Turner having managed to extract every last atom of enjoyment from every single one of the songs he's chosen."


,80,"A Dream a While Back is an essential additional document in Higgins' legacy and adds to, not diminishes, Red Hash's legacy."
,68,"Though these solo works are not as fleshed out nor quite as transporting as the highlights of Red Hash, they provide a fascinating document of a young songwriter finding his voice, and leave behind lingering questions about what might have been."
,60,"It's a lovely document of Higgins' loose, rambling songs. [May 2011, p.88]"
,60,"A Dream A While Back is entertaining enough. Hearing Higgins recorded so simply can be starkly beautiful. Yet, anyone contemplating picking up a copy should be reminded there's another, far better record that should be heard first."
,60,"Nothing here is quite as tuneful as the stuff on Red Hash, or as fully formed, but it's a compelling set of early songs that show where his later, better stuff came from, as well as showing a raw, emotional purging of sound from an impressive player."
,80,"This Is Christmas is a joyous and affectionate affair that already feels like an instant festive classic."
,70,"This Is Christmas is effectively hate-proof, loved-up, entertaining stuff that strikes just the right balance of humour and heart-tugging."
,70,"It layers on the schmaltz but stops short of choking the listener with sentimentality by revealing a wickedly singular wit and some snappy expectations-eschewing cuts."
,70,"Singer-songwriter Emma-Lee Moss and Ash frontman Tim Wheeler, a couple in real life, join musical forces and attempt, valiantly and with not inconsiderable success, to breathe new life into that stalest of stale old genres: the Christmas song."
,60,"As seasonal cheer goes it slaps seven sleigh bells out of dreary old Stille Nacht. [Jan 2012, p.90]"
,60,"Breezy sort of fun to be had. [Jan 2012, p.126]"
,60,"This Is Christmas [is] neither turkey nor cracker but a sweetly silly trifle. [Jan 2012, p.86]"
,50,"The combination of Emmy and Tim's vocals is also a consistent issue throughout the record; partly a result of a seeming refusal to harmonise, but mainly because are both blessed with mellifluous tones that, whilst effective on their own, offer little variation or texture together."
,40,"The contents of this cracker are as tired as ever."


,90,"If it was possible to see the debut Carbeth as a local gem of modest proportions, it's hard to receive The Constant Pageant as anything other than a finished masterpiece, with four or five songs that have longevity written in and the rest of them as musically sharp as they're lyrically alert. [May 2011, p.56]"
,90,"It is a gift indeed that Trembling Bells can summon such realizations, tinged though they may be with melancholy. More importantly, the mixture of styles and traditions that each member brings to this project marks the collective as different, complex, and constantly intriguing."
,80,"This is an album of strong songs and strong vocals; Lavinia Blackwall is soaring, operatic and bravely full-tilt."
,70,"The Constant Pageant--particularly its first half--does indeed rock, and not just by the standards of folk music."
,70,"Sometimes, here and there, you want a better take of a vocal. You might want the solos to be a bit more worked out and the drums to sound bigger. You might want a producer pushing the band around a bit."
,60,"The band must from time to time stray from their stomping ground of doomed sailors and pining maidens, but one hopes the band will not steer too close to plain old indie rock. [May 2011, p.96]"
,81,"Overall, Get Along has something to offer everyone, no matter where they lie on the spectrum of fandom."
,80,"The 15-track live album is a testament to what a polished act they have become."
,76,"The full blown cathartic experience that many savor through a live set sometimes mishits on the album, but not so much to be trash-bin worthy."
,63,"You're still way better off listening to the studio version."
,60,"Get Along isn't the first live set offered up to listeners by the sisterly Canadian crooners Tegan and Sara, but when paired with its deluxe edition DVD, it's certainly their most ornate."
,50,"A decent, but not groundbreaking live album."


,70,"The songs he's written with new acolyte Sorren Maclean and Idlewild bandmate Rod Jones are more assured than ever."
,60,"[Woomble] continues his journey into cozy-pipe-and-slippers-middle age on 12 folk-pop tracks which further distance him from his angsty, indie rock beginnings."
,60,"Idlewild's Roddy Woomble has made a surprisingly decent stab of his concurrent career as a born-again folkie. [May 2011, p.126]"
,60,"Like island life itself, it's quietly focused and won't be rushed. [Apr 2011, p.104]"
,60,"It continues where his 2006 solo debut, 'My Secret Is My Silence' began, mining the seams of British folk with out descending into chunky-jumpered sentimentality. [May 2011, p.103]"
,60,"While Woomble has a gift for an engaging lyric, the same perhaps cannot be said tune-wise."
,50,"This collection of tracks lacks that vibrancy and spark needed to linger long in the memory. There are a few sunny moments here and there but ultimately it's disappointingly flat."
,80,"Banjos, acoustic guitar, pedal steel and piano arrangements honour the songs' origins and add lilting texture to an album that will charm those who hear it, irrespective of their age. [Dec 2011, p.104]"
,80,"Set to light, sparkling arrangements of banjo, fiddle, dulcimer, concertina, twanging mouth-bow and comically honking horns, these songs are populated with a bucolic menagerie of foxes, dogs, birds and little horsies."
,80,"Veirs' offering has a lustre and sleepy delightfulness that owes much to her lilting charm of her voice and her ear for a sublime melody."
,80,"Following the birth of her first child, the underappreciated Laura Veirs recorded an album of mostly traditional folk songs for children, which has charm far beyond the nursery."
,75,"Tumble Bee is a welcome addition to contemporary children's music, not only because it's sufficiently involving to appeal to adults, but also because it further demonstrates that songs for kids don't have to be cloying or sanitized."
,70,"It is, almost inevitably, charming."
,70,"Viers' simple, honest delivery helps to keep the mood fun, yet stable and sweet, without the inevitable sugar rush."
,70,"Sure, it may be playful, uncomplicated and slightly honey-glazed but there is plenty here for music lovers of all ages to enjoy."
,70,"Tumble Bee is mostly sweet without being cloying, its songs antiquated without feeling outdated."
,65,"Veirs' delicate, informed touch makes the album a worthwhile listen for anyone interested in taking the first step toward delving into America's back catalogue."
,60,"Anyone able to go to sleep without checking the wardrobe for monsters is unlikely to find much of interest here. [Dec. 2011 p. 137]"
,60,"So whether or not it's really 'for' children, this record still succeeds in all the ways it wants to, and Veirs charm comes across at every turn."


,91,"No Color is the noisiest, prettiest album of The Dodos' career. It's good and on."
,90,"So once more, the Dodos feel fresh, a little bit more thoughtful, and every bit as happy to get us tangled up in ourselves. Of course there's color to No Color. It's just this time there's black and white and grey as well- colors they've never used before."
,84,"Easily their best, most cohesive album yet, No Color shines brightly-continuing to push the band to new levels of musicianship and songwriting."
,81,"The new directions that they have managed to find on No Color are certainly interesting to explore for listeners."
,80,"It may have taken Long and Kroeber some time to crack the tough nut of a thoroughly radiant album but unlike their namesakes, The Dodos have only ripened with age."
,80,"The Dodos switchback moods and rhythms never settle and that's the prime joy of No Color. [Jun 2011, p.105]"
,80,"There is not a single dud track on No Color, and even if The Dodos haven't attempted anything they didn't try before, it certainly plays well to their strengths."
,80,"It's cliched to remark on a duo's ability to sound like a full band, but the Dodos' virtuosic acoustic guitar playing and busy arrangements undeniably defy their numbers."
,80,"No Colors showcases a band who knows exactly who they are and feels completely comfortable in their sound, constantly pushing the boundaries of what is possible for a two-piece."
,80,"Moving forward without the assistance of contributing vibraphonist Keaton Snyder, No Color  is especially drum-heavy, and Kroeber's unconventional style works toward forming a repartee between the group's two members, who converse in a style that at times resembles jazz musicians."
,80,"Overall, it's a solid, well-crafted effort from a well-loved indie-folk band."
,76,"Lyrically, No Color is a step in a new direction for Dodos -- for mostly better."
,75,"Meric Long, vocalist/guitarist for San Francisco duo the Dodos, makes a lot of broad statements on the band's fourth studio album. Fortunately, the music fills in the blanks."
,70,"No Color wasn't meant to break any barriers: it's merely an affirmation of what people have known and loved about the duo for some time now."
,70,"Now shorn of vibraphonist Keaton Snyder, San Francisco's The Dodos remain a three-piece with the addition of alt.country chanteuse Neko Case."
,70,"Rather than envisioning blue aliens, though, Long and Kroeber have found living, breathing incarnations of their musical compositions. And it's an otherworldly pleasure."
,70,"No Color is a welcome return to form, and a nimble balance between the extremes of Dodos' previous work."
,60,"For the most part, the duo's fourth full-length curbs their indulgent tendencies. [Jun 2011, p.114]"
,60,"There's little denying the sincerity of No Color as both tribute and experiment, but the duo's previous work was just a shade more likely to make everyone fall in love with them."
,60,"No Color isn't a bad album by any means - it's great at times, never less than good, and certainly better than could reasonably have been expected - but there's no sign here of return or retreat to their old strengths."
,80,"These songs may not scan perfectly or make much objective sense, but they feel very real and relevant and uncalculated."
,75,"These songs are fiercely internal, which also makes them remarkably hard to shake--here, Roberts is singing about the no-place of everyplace, the desolation we all know."
,74,"Luke Roberts's debut can dig up a well of such intimate, homegrown sounds and songs."
,70,"A strong debut."
,60,"It's a promising - if a little lackadaisical - debut. [Dec. 2011 p. 97]"
,60,"While sometimes left wanting for redeeming bells and whistles, where Big Bells & Dime Songs sporadically strikes gold is its distillation of tumbleweed folk Americana."
,60,"His music is unobtrusive without being boring, polite without being gutless."
,40,"As it stands, it's pleasant music to fall asleep to, but offers little to keep you awake. [Oct 2011, p.108]"


,100,"Prine is extraordinary, one of the most eloquent artists of modern times and seeing where it all started, in this super CD, really is something very special."
,80,"Mailman offers an insider's glimpse into his beginnings--a spirited 1970s club set and a priceless disc of stripped-down, gloss-free demos. [Jan 2012, p.96]"
,80,"The Singing Mailman Delivers doesn't do much to rewrite Prine's early history, but it confirms he revealed a remarkable talent as soon as he put his mind to writing songs, and it's an entertaining addition to his catalog for longtime fans."
,70,"A two-disc set documenting archival demos and an early live recording, The Singing Postman Delivers demonstrates that for the most part, John Prine's musical persona emerged fully formed."
,70,"So even if takes here don't quite match up, it's fun to see them coming into form, and to see a young Prine as a performer finding himself on stage, mesmerizing us in the process."
,70,"It's a fine introduction to a richly imagistic Midwestern everyguy whose languid good nature defied singer-songwriter smugness."
,60,"With a stable of effective songs and a healthy dose of good humor, The Singing Mailman Delivers remains a likable, if not terribly compelling, effort."
,80,"It's Cervenka's superb vocals that make this a carer highlight. [Apr 2011, p.77]"
,80,"It's safe to say no one was expecting a mid-career renaissance from Cervenka when she signed to Bloodshot Records, but with Somewhere Gone and The Excitement of Maybe she's made two of the strongest and most impressive albums she's recorded outside of her work with X, confirming her status as a one of a kind talent with plenty of welcome surprises up her sleeve."
,75,"Catchy and immensely singable, the endless vocal refrains on The Excitement of Maybe aren't going to leave your brain anytime soon."
,70,"The Excitement of Maybe isn't a return to form-because there's never really been a form to return to throughout all her musical incarnations. It's simply a strong, often gorgeous album by one of the most intriguing figures in the last few decades of rock music."
,70,"With terrific work from drummer Brady Blade and bassist Christian McBride, the record emphasizes rhythm in a way that's uncommon for the generally stuffy Americana scene. And The Excitement of Maybe works because Cervenka, like a true punk, deliberately defies conventions."
,60,"Musically, this album is well assembled, with stabs of Memphis-style horns, slide guitar and luscious strings--but the lyrics lack deep resonance. [Apr 2011, p.100]"
,30,"Where The Excitement of Maybe shines--like a harvest moon--is in production, composition, and musicianship, but these alone aren't enough to sustain the distinctive voice Cervenka has spoken in so boldly, particularly when they're employed in the service of pastiche."


,90,"It's simply a great album from start to finish - wonderful tunes, superb musicianship, star guests and a unity of purpose about delivering a fitting tribute to the music he loves that raises this album to such a high level."
,80,"His strong, unfussy voice is endlessly empathetic and his guitar playing lithe and expressive. [Oct 2011, p.98]"
,80,"Simpson's Indian summer roars on in an irrepressible blend of the English tradition and an unerring instinct for American material. [Oct 2011, p.106]"
,80,"An album of great love and joy, Purpose + Grace confirms that Simpson remains at the top of his game."
,80,"There's only one new Simpson song here, a poignant tribute to a 50s Kentucky banjo player, and one new instrumental, inspired by Mike Waterson. The rest of the set consists mostly of brave reworkings."
,70,"Joined by an impressive who's-who of traditional British folk, its eclectic array of songs, spanning from the 17th century (Scottish ballad 'Barbry Allen') right up to the mid-'90s (Bruce Springsteen's The Ghost of Tom Joad outtake, 'Brothers Under the Bridge'), ensures that it's no ordinary covers album."
,100,"Combined, the result is a dynamic, human album, one that's easy to fall in love with. Highly recommended."
,90,"If 1998's Car Wheels on as Gravel Road stands as the high point of Williams' self-involved period, Blessed  just as masterfully traces the bursting heart and smoldering soul of her humanity. This is as deep and true as the song form gets."
,88,"Williams lets the songs burn slowly and sensually until there's nothing left but smoke and ash."
,85,"On the new collection Williams is sharp-tongued, wide-eyed and warm-hearted as she blends domestic bliss with her usual propensity toward the dark and mournful."
,83,"Atmospheric. Play loud anyway, so it won't be."
,80,"On Blessed she finds the perfect balance between the sweet and the sour. [Apr 2011, p.98]"
,80,"She certainly knows how to convey emotion."
,80,"Blessed is Williams' most focused recording since World Without Tears; perhaps since Car Wheels."
,80,"The songs are mostly shaped in her traditional chord-to-chord method, their melodies looping behind the tempo of the guitars and, for once, in a spirit of uplift."
,80,"Blessed is a powerful, vivid, highly emotive record. [Mar 2011, p.92]"
,80,"Her voice has all its old scrapes and hollows; she'll never come across as too cozy. But her music is newly confident."
,80,"Blessed ultimately remains an optimistic record that juxtaposes her typically heartrending croon."
,80,"Blessed, like Williams' best efforts, finds the blessings within the blues."
,80,"Don Was produced this. He must have loved it as much as the musicians did, and he obviously got it as nothing in the production interferes with the songs."
,80,"Blessed improves upon 2008's lacklustre Little Honey simply because it boasts a better set of songs, most of which are treated to Williams's signature style of soul-tinged country-blues, using organ and pedal-steel guitar to light her sandpaper vocal rasp."
,75,"Produced by Don Was, Blessed doesn't sound fussed-over; it lets the songs, Williams' voice, and bluesy guitar work-provided on some tracks by Elvis Costello-take the lead."
,70,"On her 10th disc, she revives the literary realism that's turned so many of her songs into true-talk crushers."
,70,"Blessed feels more like a country-blues toast to the pissed-off side of interpersonal relations, set to coproducer Don Was' sturdy barroom roots rock. And Williams calls 'em like she feels 'em."
,67,"The controlled recklessness of Little Honey was a long-awaited antidote to Car Wheels' strong medicine, and now Blessed basks in its older sibling's afterglow."
,67,"Blessed, the roots-music veteran's latest feels a little sleepy compared with 2008's hard-rocking Little Honey."
,60,"Williams is more observational than personal throughout Blessed, looking upon her downtrodden characters with sympathy and compassion."
,60,"Blessed isn't a happy record in any conventional sense, but it's informed by deeply felt hope and contentment."
,54,"Ultimately, Blessed has the feel of a transitional album-- from lonely to married, from troubled to contented, from regretful to joyful."
,54,"Blessed certainly isn't a curse, but it doesn't exactly leave you feeling a higher power, either."


,91,"Try 'Cult Boyfriend,' one of the funnier and more philosophical of the many reflections on romantic frustration this lifetime bohemian's cult career has afforded."
,80,"There's all the usual yarn-spinning and nerdy wit here, but ... there's also a warmth and wisdom that no amount of lo-fi goofing can disguise. [Nov 2011, p. 135]"
,80,"Unabashedly weird, surprising wise, A Turn In The Dream-Songs is Lewis at his most accessible and affecting. [Nov 2011, p.95]"
,80,"On his sixth album, the New York anti-folk singer/songwriter takes a step toward silencing the critics, tempering his creaky half-spoken vocals with some surprisingly sophisticated arrangements and harmonies with guests like Dr. Dog and Frances McKee of the Vaselines."
,80,"His evocative, heartfelt, pin-sharp lines hit compelling grooves, all twists and turns, grin-inducing couplets and weirdness."
,80,"Songs like this--imaginative, contemplative, densely wordy, slightly silly but unflinchingly earnest--are arguably Lewis' strongest suit, especially in his recent work, and if the instances on A Turn in the Dream-Songs aren't quite as striking as those on its predecessor, the album still ranks right up there among his best."
,80,"It's all very Jeffrey-Lewis-esque in fact--another entertaining album from a man determined to cling to his cult status as long as possible."
,70,"Judging the innovations showcased on A Turn in the Dream-Songs, Lewis has plenty of tricks on reserve for his journey there."
,70,"There are times though, when the record slips into a degree of smug self-reference that leaves you wishing that Lewis would spend less time considering what it means to be a songwriter, and more time just being one."
,70,"The anti-folk pioneer's sixth album for Rough Trade is a familiar comedy of errors, full of dusky textures with a sparkling hue of optimism."
,60,"The faux-naif schtick still grates somewhat, but there's also real substance, wit and heart here. [Nov 2011, p.91]"
,60,"Musically stripped to the basics, the set is engaging with an infectious charm, neatly adding to that capacious back catalogue."
,60,"The fine line between cute and twee is ever present, however, and at times his tendency towards knowing self-assessment can grate. But he's certainly never boring."
,40,"When he shuts up, and lets the shambling jangle and daydreamy exotica take over, it's great. When he sings, it's murder."

,91,"These 13 excellent songs are sufficiently specialized to make you realize how classic Volume 1 was--and what a theme statement 'Past Time' was."
,80,"The Baseball Project doesn't do fluff songs on the subject, though, and the songs on this second outing, like they were on the first, are intelligently written and arranged, running the full spectrum of emotions that baseball can inspire in a fan, and in so doing, the best of the songs rise above novelty to grapple with the passions and difficulties of life itself."
,80,"Volume 2 finds their passionate fandom and astute study at work once again, producing homage and history that ranges across a roster of players past (Mark 'the Bird' Fidrych) and present (Ichiro Suzuki), famous (Reggie Jackson) and obscure (Carl Mays, the only player in major league history to kill a man with a pitch)."
,79,"Volume II: High and Inside picks up exactly where its revelatory predecessor left off, but this time welcoming a few more indie-world guest stars, having a few more stories to tell, and reveling in slightly more robust production."
,78,"Irreverent, funny, and ruefully sad, High and Inside will not appeal to everyone. But if the intersection of baseball and rock 'n' roll' is meaningful to you, it's a stellar reminder of why the game and the power chords still matter."
,70,"Journeymen that they are, though, McCaughey (Young Fresh Fellows) and Wynn (ex-Dream Syndicate) understand the poignant vindication in being remembered at all."
,67,"The sophomore LP from Steve Wynn, Scott McCaughey, Linda Pitmon, and Peter Buck picks up where 2008's Vol. 1: Frozen Ropes and Dying Quails left off, mixing musical styles to their song histories of the pastime's heroes and goats (from Bill Buckner to Mark Fidrych to Pete Rose)."
,60,"Finely etched narratives telltales of aging wunderkinds and tragic figures, the deeds of those famed and flawed, while the music moves in manifold directions, from powerpop to scuzz rock to alt country. [Jun 2011, p.106]"
,60,"You don't need a working knowledge of baseball to appreciate this second installment of true-life sporting tales from Steve Wynn, Peter Buck, Scott McCaughey and Linda Pitmon. [Jun 2011, p.92]"
,60,"High and Inside is a fun album filled with good melodies and fine playing. But if such names as Bobby Ojeda, Ryne Duren, John McNamara, Mark Fidrych, and Tony Conigliaro don't mean anything to you, the album might have limited appeal."
,100,"A rich exploration of Appalachian roots. [25 Nov 2011, p.71]"
,95,"Fahey was a restless listener, tinkerer, thinker, and player--a combination that makes this set fascinating both as a history book and a lifetime listening indulgence."
,80,"Simply, we are left with more evidence of a true American original, who was also as important in his own way as Harry Smith or Alan Lomax and other such college-educated curatorial spirits."
,80,"Your Past Comes Back to Haunt You: The Fonotone Years, 1958-1965 is a massive John Fahey document that was a full decade in the making by Dean Blackwood of Revenant, guitarist Glenn Jones, and Lance Ledbetter of Dust-to-Digital."
,70,"This set--six meticulously documented hours recorded before his first proper album--is a progress chart."
,60,"I found myself wishing [the booklet] was three times longer and the music three CDs less. [Nov 2011, p.60]"


,80,"Fresh from his role as bandleader/producer on Robert Plant's Band Of Joy, Miller has corralled fellow guitarists Bill Frisell, Marc Ribot and Greg Leisz for this fine ensemble project. [Jun 2011, p.92]"
,80,"This is a guitarists' mutual appreciation society affair that ought to be unbearable, but is actually gorgeous, thanks to the modest brilliance of those involved."
,80,"The results are fluent, tasteful, ghostly and more than a little wistful. Ideally served with morning coffee."
,80,"In contrast to Miller's usual earthiness, this Americana super-session is sonically lighter than air--thanks to spectral six-string ambience from Bill Frisell, Marc Ribot, and pedal-steel ace Greg Leisz, who adorn heavenly voices including Emmylou Harris and Patti Griffin."
,80,"The Majestic Silver Strings is one of those rare 'supergroup' projects that works--as much by its understatement as its savvy choice of material and excellent performances."
,80,"This record is way cool. It may not seem like it upon first listen, but after a couple spins it's hard to forget."
,70,"The Majestic Silver Strings is a touch strange and a heap of pretty, a dollop of tradition and a tablespoon of innovation."
,60,"Buddy Miller organised a Grade A country guitarist convention, threw in some wonderful guest vocalists and then recorded, as if live, an impressive album."
,60,"Frankly, traditional-minded listeners will wonder if the whole crew shouldn't be committed, as this quirky affair-depending on your perspective--is either brilliant or crazy."
,57,"And yet, given the promise of their combined talents, Strings turns out to be seriously frayed, as these guitarists sound like they're going to another job instead of hanging around to jam."
,40,"Although this collection of classic country sprinkled with a couple of originals features an extraordinarily talented assemblage of musical collaborators, it never coalesces into anything above average."
,80,"Throughout Every Kingdom Howard plays to his strengths, the greatest of which is his skill in crafting hooks."
,80,"An unusually poetic songwriter revelling in his proximity to nature. [Jan 2012, p.88]"
,78,"Kingdom announces a promising new talent, but now Howard must prove he can work with more than just memory."
,70,"Every Kingdom is quite a self-assured debut, delivered by a guy who could be your best friend and still date your sister."
,70,"It's an impressively timeless debut that suggests Howard should have no problem standing out from the overpopulated nu-folk crowd."
,70,"On the evidence of this impressive debut album, [Howard] is a gifted and immediately involving singer-songwriter."
,60,"The shimmering finger-picking and angelic backing vocals of Old Pine build a cosy fireside vibe, but elsewhere the upbeat hoedowns are less impressive. [Nov 2011, p. 92]"
,60,"Too easy on the ear to be convincing  more getting deep round the campfire than genuine soul-baring  but highlights 'Black Flies' and 'Promise' are nice enough studies in soft-focus angst."
,40,"It takes a special talent to mine new gold out of acoustic songwriting, and Ben Howard just isn't it. [Nov 2011, p.135]"


,80,"Their 14th studio album finds the Indigo Girls operating as powerfully as at any time in their career, on a set of uncommonly strong songs performed with the kind of typically understated Nashville polish that affords their signature harmonies the full spotlight."
,70,"Beauty Queen Sister showcases the Indigo Girls in top traditional form; their audience will no doubt delight in this, especially because the songs are expertly crafted and, as usual, intimate and honest to the point of discomfort."
,70,"Combining their soft and sensual harmonies and energetic, pop song craft into a set of lovely songs, Beauty Queen Sister confirms The Indigo Girls are still making invigorating and emotional music, have plenty left to say and show no signs of slowing down or easing into nostalgia."
,66,"Beauty Queen Sister will please fans that already love Indigo Girls, but the repetitive nature of the album might struggle to bring in new listeners."
,58,"Emotional sappiness isn't a new concept for the Indigo Girls. Unfortunately, neither is the rest of Beauty Queen."
,40,"The harmonies remain pretty, but the smoothness of those Nashville sidemen exposes the thinness of the songs. [Nov 2011, p.86]"

,80,"While not quite a handbrake turn, No witch shows a band moving out of the woods into wider spaces. [Apr 2011, p.77]"
,80,"The change might not be as shocking as, say, when Bob Dylan went electric, but it's still something of a shock to hear the pastoral sound of the Cave Singers' past chopped down by plugged-in axes."
,76,"Though the sound may be different, The Cave Singers stay within themselves to make their best record to date."
,70,"Steel strings slick with gumbo grease and sweet gospel inflections."
,67,"As its title implies, No Witch is missing something: Where magic and a little evil ought to dwell, there's workmanship dressed up in wizard's robes."
,65,"No Witch might not be a particularly ground-breaking album, but it is a significant leap forward for this band, and that's most definitely a step in the right direction."
,65,"Like their revivalist peers, Cave Singers aren't reinventing a genre here, but they lend their local folkie scene a welcome dark side, and No Witch is their strongest album yet."
,60,"Third, and finest, brew of Seattle trio's fever-folk moonshine. [March 2011, p. 99]"
,60,"Three albums in, they haven't yet  but I trust The Cave Singers  I think their next might be the one."
,60,"As these descriptions should suggest, none of the songs on No Witch grabs you on its own as a standout piece of songwriting. It's less that the instrumentation and tones are structural veneers concealing merely passable songs and more that the record is just one extended riff on a host of roots music styles."
,60,"It might still be restrained, and it still sounds fragilely beautiful, but even when it just misses this album will stir you up in all the right ways."
,50,"Unfortunately with No Witch, there just isn't enough excitement to hold the listener's attention for long. And while the group is to be commended for their artistic efforts, it could benefit from a more aggressive fusion of sounds on its next album."
,50,"Huddling together former members of the erstwhile Pretty Girls Make Graves, Seattle's Cave Singers have fashioned a deeply masculine disc in No Witch, the trio's third LP and first for Jagjaguwar."
,80,"This time Baird's own compositions dominate. [Nov 2011, p.100]"
,80,"Season Of Earth is music rooted deep in the black, black earth and whose only limit is the blue, blue sky. [Oct 2011, p.50]"
,80,"There's a little more in the mix here [than in her solo debut album], dabs of lap steel on Babylon and elsewhere, gentle harp flourishes on Song For Next Summer, but this is barely less lovely than its predecessor. [Nov. 2011, p. 127]"
,80,"By keeping everything in proportion, she's made the most easily approached record of her career."
,80,"Seasons on Earth is like a wry, forgiving smile set to music, its pleasures veined with melancholy, its ruefulness buoyed by hope."
,75,"This compelling album is dominated by a spirit of grace and hope. [#81, p. 53]"
,70,"Baird's own rather fabulous acoustic is garnished with touches of dobro, pedal-steel or electric, over which her wisp of a voice, and words, hang in a vapour."
,70,"Her tender songcraft grows stronger."
,70,"Seasons on Earth is a poetic, thoroughly engaging set from a now-mature songwriter, whose confidence in her musical language is as poetic as it is authoritative."
,70,"Despite her love of folk traditions, and a classic voice, Baird keeps these songs from ever feeling dated."
,60,"Compelling in its way, but a bit Isobel Campbell when it should be Joni Mitchell. [Nov 2011, p.81"
,60,"While Seasons on Earth turns out not to be the sort of stoner's delight diehard psych-folkers might be looking for, neither is it looking in any direction other than straight ahead, evocations of another era notwithstanding."
,50,"The intimacy can become suffocating, but on songs such as the 'Blackbird'-esque 'Even Rain,' Baird's delicate touches hit a nerve. [Oct. 2011, p. 108]"
,40,"Meg Baird, formerly the frontperson of Philadelphia-based psychedelic folk-rockers Espers, is left a little exposed on her own solo album."


,90,"Joyous, pensive, cathartic and hymnal in equal measure, this is the human condition set to music."
,89,"Welcome to The Low Anthem's Smart Flesh, where folk music doesn't need to be reinvented for it to come alive  just performed. If you're looking for a solid folk spooker to open the year, your search ends here."
,88,"The soul-endangering threat of our current man-machine moment is unlikely to register."
,87,"It's the lyrics that make Smart Flesh truly shine."
,80,"For all its romance, this is a record at the sharp end of mortality. [March 2011, p. 96]"
,80,"More downtempo delights from Rhode Islanders. [March 2011, p. 106]"
,80,"The only mis-step on the album is 'Boeing 737', a pounding, splashy stomp whose brash incoherence perhaps disguises a commentary on the twin towers attacks. It seems brutish and crude set alongside the rest of the album, which otherwise has the kind of stylistic and atmospheric unity that reminds one of what albums can offer that no other format can match."
,80,"The sounds on Smart Flesh may be muted, but there is power and daring in its pursuit of stillness. File under: a quiet Storm. [Mar 2011, p.84]"
,80,"The album's predominant mood is not glumness, it is togetherness, and it invokes images of storytelling, late nights, campfires, whiskey and beards. The stuff of men with things on their minds."
,80,"Easy-going and mellifluous, songs built on the simplest of patterns."
,80,"The songs are deliberately loose and minimalist -- intricacy tends to get lost in the booming, resonant halls of a factory -- but the substance that remains is strong, potent stuff."
,80,"These exquisitely voiced musings on love, healing and mortality really hit the spot."
,80,"Although Providence has a noise-rock loft scene, the Low Anthem ended up working the quiet side of the street, coming up with a dead-earnest sound that lacks any overt recognition of the modern world."
,80,"There are few happy endings here, but the wounded have plenty of room to roam and waltz."
,80,"That ghostly sensibility dances perilously close to dirgelike in a few of the album's more droning, melancholic, and low-energy corners; but the band never lets the mood slacken beyond grasp, always offering a sharp vocal edge or mesmerizing interlude to keep listeners leaning in."
,80,"The Low Anthem are desperately trying to say something, even if that message is not always crystal clear."
,77,"This is a good record, but I can't help thinking that The Low Anthem are on the verge of something great."
,75,"Smart Flesh is a quiet, modest success, if a bit monochrome."
,75,"Smart Flesh won't just set many a lonely heart aflutter - it will stick around in the morning to make breakfast."
,75,"It's not all that troublesome, but it would be nice to hear the band stretch out beyond its rustic bubble just a bit."
,70,"Notes reverberate and gently die while voices float in the ether, creating a sense of reverence and calm for most of the album."
,70,"Smart Flesh won't grab you with big hooks or infectious grooves, but listen long enough, and it'll sink its teeth right in to you."
,60,"At heart this is a dustily traditional collection of folk songs, their straightforward rhythms and plain instrumentation intermittently embellished with musical saw and pump organ, their lyrics of loss, redemption and death occasionally startling, with such vivid imagery as that of a Bible in a bath of formaldehyde."
,60,"The problem here is that all these competing styles result in a bit of a lack in a distinctive voice for the band."
,60,"As part of a longer discography, Smart Flesh will probably stand as a good, solid point in The Low Anthem's career, a sign of the band developing their sound and their songwriting before delivering something truly special."
,50,"While it shares many similarities with the quieter side of their first record, it never quite achieves the same heart-rending beauty we know they're capable of."
,50,"Set your sights high, by all means, but when each track sounds like an attempt to emulate a specific great (Bruce, Bob, Leonard, the Band etc) the confused listener can't help but be left thinking 'Will the real Low Anthem please stand up?'"
,50,"Americana and modern folk are often dismissed for their dour self-seriousness, and Smart Flesh, unfortunately, falls into the worst of those trappings."
,48,"As long as the Low Anthem discount the idea that this music was once meant to stir the blood, rile the soul, and actually be exciting, it's always going to be historically inaccurate in a way no amount of sepia-toned ambience can overcome."
,40,"As an album, there's little holding Smart Flesh together. [Feb. 2011, p. 72]"
,80,"Sometimes playful, sometimes starkly beautiful. [Dec. 2011 pg. 95]"
,80,"[It] sees her expanding her horizons with out scrimping on nuance or emotion. [Nov 2011, p.84]"
,80,"Lisa Hannigan is on confident form in her second solo release since the split from Damien Rice."
,80,"Solid yet understated, it's Hannigan's obvious gift for melody, tasteful arrangements, and remarkably emotive elocution (when her voice breaks, the heart follows suit) that keeps Passenger afloat, while the world schemes and churns beneath."
,80,"For all its deft arrangements and catchy chorus hook lines, Passenger feels unforced, spontaneous and timeless; indeed, such is its unaffected delivery that it might have been recorded 30 years ago or last month"
,80,"It's a self-assured and very cohesive piece of work. Lisa Hannigan's journey as a solo artist continues to trundle along without any bumps in the road."
,70,"Her voice is light and agile, her phrasing like exquisite plumage, and her folksy songs move with deceptive power, sailing on guitars, strings and Irish drama."
,60,"A bright and breezy sophomore that occasionally hints at darker themes. [Dec. 2001 p. 127]"
,60,"Her voice remains the main attraction on this second album but its prettiness often sounds thin against the sort of arrangements that invite the description 'plinky-plonky'."


,80,"With its confident, mature and meditative approach, his debut album belies his newbie status."
,64,"The Troy, New York-based Rowe's songs have an edge to them, albeit in an all-too-similar vein."
,60,"Some of Rowe's work here calls to mind Van Morrison and Leonard Cohen, though his gifts suggest that those names will remain references rather than long shadow to escape. [Feb 2011, p.73]"
,60,"It's a voice that dictates the tone and timber of every other element: the clipped, bass-driven, soulful blues dances delicately around those molasses tones and,at times, you can almost feel his breath in your ear. [Apr 2011, p.98]"
,40,"This isn't a terrible album, but it is annoying, and would be much more potent if his influences weren't so apparent."
,70,"In the end, Jennings' truthfulness more than makes up for Minnesota's minor setbacks."
,70,"A hypnotic, wickedly sexy bit of folk-funk delivered at the tempo of a rambling, acid-soaked desert caravan, the track--as with the rest of Minnesota--leaves you pondering Jennings' poetic intent like a dark mirage spied in the late summer sun."
,70,"There are a few missteps here and there, most notably on the plodding 'Witches Dream,' and drum-heavy 'Well of Love,' neither of which fit well on this otherwise strong release."
,69,"There are moments where Jennings deviates thematically and sonically from the boy-becomes-a-man-and-uses-all-the-pianos thru-line-some succeed, like the loose and likeable 'Well Of Love,' and others, not so much, like the synthy fairytale nightmare mess of 'Witches Dream.'"
,60,"Jennings' songwriting is at its best in Minnesota when reflecting this troubling sense of uncertainty and contradiction."
,50,"Brief and enjoyable but never spectacular, Minnesota is the sound of an established and experienced songwriter simply not meeting his substantial potential."
,50,"It's the handful of tracks on which Jennings stretches beyond familiar troubadour conventions that are Minnesota's best."


,90,"It's not an album for those with short attention spans but, in a world of lightweights, Tabor's a colossus and this is one of her finest hours."
,80,"Ashore is the product of decades of musical maturation and technical refinement, and is an unalloyed triumph."
,80,"It's the skill of Tabor, the lyric interpreter, that is most telling and, predominately set around atmospheric piano and accordion arrangements, this deeply affecting collection of sea stories demonstrates the core of her art almost to perfection. [Mar 2011, p.108]"
,80,"While no less intense, Ashore--a collection of 13 songs each connected to the sea--is both warm and alluring. [Feb 2011, p.99]"
,80,"These are quietly powerful and chilling songs with sensitive, restrained backing from Huw Warren on piano, Andy Cutting on accordion, Mark Emerson on violin and Tim Harries on bass."
,70,"Holding the eclectic mix together is Tabor's characteristic raw yet tender voice, which carries the weight of the world while looking out from a rugged and brutal shore across a bleak, grey but ultimately beautiful ocean."
,60,"With measured assistance from pianist Huw Warren and melodeon Maestro Andy Cutting, it seems almost rude to suggest it's probably too one-paced and cheerless to really warm to. [Mar 2011, p.115]"
,60,"All in all, another real treat from the 63-year-old queen of English folk."
,60,"There is in these performances a slightly mannered theatricalism which you will need to reconcile with any desire you may harbour for either simple affect or no affect at all."
,80,"Like all the best dreams. [Oct 2011, p.100]"
,80,"Jones furthers the exploratory path he's committed himself to, with tranquil yet compelling acoustic steel-string guitar compositions built from thoughtful open tunings ('Of Its Own Kind'), expressive bottleneck guitar ('Even to Win Is to Fail'), and even banjo ('The Great Swamp Way Rout')."
,80,"If Jones' performances and compositions over the years have touched on themes of yearning and the past, with a soft echo into the present day, then it stand all the more to reason why the album title and the cover art--a guitar-playing cat, looking at the moon--should sum up the feeling of The Wanting so well."
,80,"The Wanting boasts both technical excellence and a cosy, welcoming atmosphere. A simple combination, perhaps, but a hugely rewarding one."
,80,"This is music that makes its own space, creates its own landscape, and then invites you in."
,70,"Perhaps whatever he's wishing for or doesn't have is something too personal or boring to tell."
,60,"He never gets beyond either producing a meditative song or joyful song. The difference between this album from all the millions of other acoustic albums out there? Not much."
,60,"A continuation of a grand tradition rather than a feeble descendant, Jones' custom tunings strike sourly sweet notes, occasionally--as on the title track--touching on raga modes. [Oct 2011, p.89]"


,80,"We get strings, care-worn piano, and lots of subtle detail, the last deepening the listener's relationship with the excellent, lyrical mature songs over repeat plays. [Mar 2011, p.97]"
,80,"More often than not, Ben appears to be channeling his hero JJ Cale, although the spirited title track doffs a beret in the direction of Richard Thompson. [Mar 2011, p.97]"
,70,"With Gomez still a going concern, this solo effort--five years in the making--is very much a side project finally realised. But Ottewell should consider a follow-up, as there's much more to recommend here than on recent releases by other indie band singers turned so-so solo artists."
,60,"Ottewell isn't the first Gomez bandmate to pursue interests outside the band, but Shapes & Shadows is the most accessible solo effort to appear from that group."
,60,"Gomez's future seems cloudy, but with these nine tracks, Ottewell has a fighting chance. [Mar 2011, p.112]"
,50,"Style-wise, Shapes isn't marking a great departure from Gomez's jams. Rather, it highlights certain aspects the group includes in their music. Plus, the album allows Ottewell space to breathe. And he has never had as much oxygen as he does on Shapes."
,50,"In essence Shapes And Shadows sounds unfinished, an album for the sake of notching 'solo career' into Ottewell's bedpost, and completely inessential in the grand scheme of things."
,50,"It's rather far from being a poor album, but there's no real argument to be made for the existence of as a standalone work. For that, a bit more tangential newness should be expected, but Ben Ottewell is disinclined to provide it."
,80,"Peter Wolf Crier may have arrived at the end of its tour burned out, but by the conclusion of their second album, the duo has evolved a more coherent signature sound."
,75,"Far more often, the constantly evolving layers of drum riffs and harmonies galvanize the material into something that practically demands repeated listens to savor its piquancy."
,70,"What originally seemed like a jumbled array of sonic explorations eventually found its place in the recesses of my brain, and I can now state full well that Garden of Arms is a steady piece of music."
,70,"Inter-Be was good, but this record proves the band can make a sound uniquely theirs. In doing so, they've also made something far more lasting."
,70,"The rest of the album, despite a few detours into semi-indulgent, atonal glitch that shakes the fluidity of the record yet never really derails the train, keeps looking forward, hoping to find a light at the end of the tunnel, while knowing full well that it's only the first of many."
,60,"Garden of Arms lacks the shuffling melodies and stark homemade craftwork of the band's debut. [Oct. 2011, p. 108]"
,60,"The writing is strong and Pisano's wracked vocals have pleasing echoes of Justin Vernon, but neither quality is best served by a creative aesthetic which often subjects perfectly good songs to the aural equivalent of waterboarding. [Oct 2011, p.95]"
,60,"The confidence in their new record is clear, if only because their vocals sound more boisterous than ever, but for the most part, the experimentation is the problem."
,47,"Garden Of Arms is a disappointment, but by no means a failure; next time Peter Wolf Crier need to not only focus on how to make interesting-sounding songs, but how best to execute them too."
,40,"There are some nice moments in the mess, and sometimes I'm almost tempted to look past the annoyances before they build up--but sometimes, that's frankly just not possible."

,100,"Does it succeed in his aim? Triumphantly. With bells on. Tinker bells, even."
,80,"An epic study of sand and celluloid. [Oct 2011, p.98]"
,80,"If this sounds ambitious, it is. But Russell pulls it off with an engaging nobility."
,80,"With Telecasters and drums driving, and Valenzuela's mariachi trumpet singing above it, it's a cracking way to close an album that defines what Americana is."
,80,"As always, Russell's articulate arrangements embolden the material and give them the grit it deserves."
,80,"While his lyrics don't reach the poetic heights of the master's, Russell's dedication to clarity and craftsmanship over linguistic flourishes make his best work equally satisfying."
,67,"As ambitious and poetic as Russell's ever been, Mesabi continues the Texas dweller's renaissance from aging folkie to adventurous craftsman."

,80,"Ready for Confetti is, without question, Keen's most inspired and focused project in nearly 20 years."
,80,"Robert Earl Keen is a master storyteller who blends acoustic, nylon and steel guitar with solid percussion and his pure, distinct voice into the finest Americana has to offer."
,80,"Ready for Confetti may be a little different, but it's still very much Robert Earl."
,70,"Ready for Confetti creates that bridge between the romance of gone and the reality of knowing what one does well."
,70,"In dropping the irony for a moment, Keen yet again toys with expectations and shakes up his formula, and it's that openness to change that makes Ready for Confetti one of Keen's finest albums."
,67,"After more than 30 years, Robert Earl Keen continues telling stories that imprint listeners in a manner that's unforced and cogent, and Ready for Confetti finds him stretching a bit musically."
,60,"Ranging from jazzy jaunts to breezy tropical confections and varied country and blues hues, the sometimes-scattered Ready for Confetti is a multicolored parade in which even the shovel-pusher walking behind the horses can find that hope happens, too."
,60,"Though the songs are shorter and the tone is sweeter, Ready for Confetti doesn't sound all that different from Keen's last release, 2009's Rose Hotel and in terms of his discography, it is neither disappointing, nor exceptional"


,80,"A handful of high profile ringers (Beck, Beth Orton, the Cure's Robert Smith, Phil Collins, Snow Patrol) join less recognizable names interpreting Martyn songs in versions that will hopefully encourage listeners unfamiliar with his work to seek out his bulging catalog of inspired originals."
,80,"As tributes go, this one rates high marks."
,80,"Philip Larkin memorably once noted, 'What will survive of us is love'. Whilst that's undoubtedly true, in Martyn's case there are also these glorious songs to savour and celebrate."
,75,"Martyn's early-'70s blend of romantic blues and eerie valentines remains potent, and on this double-disc tribute, 30 participants give him a smooch of respect, trying to update the hazy passion he brought to his best work."
,70,"The missteps are minor, forgivable, and, if nothing else, there are all these fantastic compositions to celebrate."
,70,"This CD won't replace the originals but it's a tribute with some memorable versions of great songs."
,70,"Contributors Vetiver, Phil Collins, Vashti Bunyan, and the Cure's Robert Smith make for odd bedfellows. But Martyn's songbook--'May You Never,' 'Stormbringer,' the Drake tribute 'Solid Air'--is the star."
,60,"There's enough to pique interest for newbies. The rest of us will head on back to the master. [Sep 2011, p.99]"
,60,"It would have been better to be more sharply focused, and more limited in scope, so a wider audience could discover it and maybe love it as much as Johnny Boy."
,60,"The sonic darings of his own recordings has clearly fueled the imaginations of The Cure's Robert Smith and Beck, although the likes of Snow Patrol and Beth Orton stay closer to the originals. [Oct 2011, p.102]"
,60,"Like most tribute albums, Johnny Boy Would Love This is mixed, with a few misfires, like Snow Patrol's overblown 'May You Never.' But Mr. Martyn's pensive, moody spirit comes through, and the tribute should send listeners back to his own 1973 masterpiece, 'Solid Air.'"
,60,"None of it is clumsy but, equally, none of it truly escapes the originator's gravitational field."
,60,"It's likely to appeal more to dedicated Martyn fans than newcomers but a fine tribute nonetheless."

,90,"Delicate duets, bluegrass string strumming and some of the most genuinely emotive lyrics you'll hear all year combine to produce an album of rare and beautiful quality."
,80,"Two gorgeously restless, swarthy voices destined to be together. [May 2012, p.92]"
,80,"A timeless, anachronistic record, Barton Hollow could be from 30 years ago, or it could be from 30 years hence."
,80,"It's a subtle collection of tracks that is surprisingly both intimate and ambitious at the same time."
,80,"It is a glossy thing that entwines her Californian folky yin around his Southern gothic yang."
,80,"Nashville-based duo Joy Williams and John Paul White have crafted a bewitching debut album of sparse, spectral Americana."
,80,"It's a deliciously understated album, acoustic and largely percussionless."
,80,"Those who don't like rootsy ballads are in for some slim pickings, since Barton Hollow shines its brightest whenever the tempos slow, the lights dim, and the voices rise up."
,80,"Sure, Barton Hollow's love-swept core and well-worn conventions might make it a tad limited, but for what it sets outs to accomplish, it succeeds with pitch-perfect elegance."
,80,"Barton Hollow may be a fictional location, but The Civil Wars' music gives it a voice and identity-one of mystery, mystique and beauty. War has never been so pleasant."
,70,"There's a passion and naturalism to these songs that make them worthy of the hubbub. [Apr 2012, p.75]"
,60,"Sustained by romantic tension, they walk a strange line between being mesmerizing and washing over you like sonic wallpaper."
,60,"Williams and White seem born to sing together. Their natural vocal chemistry makes Barton Hollow a satisfying listen straight through. That said, the album is heavy on made-for-TV dramatic balladry, the sort of thing that features so well on Grey's Anatomy."
,50,"The Civil Wars display some moments of real promise, though not enough to warrant the crush of attention paid their debut, Barton Hollow."
,40,"Deeply unengaging. [May 2012, p.94]"

,80,"Ultimately, Our Blood must be graded on what it is (rather than what it could have been), and it is quite good."
,80,"Our Blood, like most great singer-songwriter efforts, is open to interpretation, but it's the record's malleable sense of emotion that lends it its peculiar gravity."
,80,"An austere beauty. [Aug 2011, p.81]"
,80,"Ultimately, Williams never made a record as intense and as beautiful as Our Blood."
,80,"These songs store well more than a half-hour of reward and intrigue-- appropriate enough for a record that had to be made three times."
,80,"Our Blood, with its tattered, frayed grace, reflects Buckner's compellingly listenable, weary yet stubborn poetic journey, for answers to questions -- both past and and present, elliptical and enormous --that lie just beyond his grasp."
,78,"Buckner has composed an album that grows more emotionally astonishing with each play, and, at 36 minutes, one that's entirely too brief."
,75,"His latest, Our Blood, isn't likely to raise his profile much. But that's okay."
,70,"The cosmic elements decorating those songwriting chops, the dead-on but unpredictable arrangement touches, the warm and present recording--they're all present here. No impasses, only breakthroughs. [Jul 2011, p.92]"
,70,"He has grabbed our attention immediately and reminded us not only what we loved about him, but what tricks he's learned while we weren't paying attention."
,70,"Old Blood offers a glimpse into the world of Richard Buckner that serves as an ideal starting point for new listeners."
,70,"With pedal steel by Buddy Cage (Dylan's Blood on the Tracks), ominous percussion by Sonic Youth drummer Steve Shelley, and Buckner's usual subtle craftsmanship, he creates wasted-night rhapsodies that demand you lean in close--however warily."
,66,"While the album at times requires careful attention to fully attach to, it's modestly flavored with a warmth and ease that naturally rings true."
,60,"Our Blood doesn't leave me wanting more, it doesn't leave me drooling over another listen, and it sure doesn't leave me interested in more of Richard Buckner's work. But on the same measure, it doesn't leave me sick or angry."
,83,"A Winter Tale's lyrics can tend toward the impenetrable, but his old-before-his-time romanticism and strong rasp are real draws."
,63,"Long sometimes gets a little lost in his own imagination, but it's better to display a weakness for overreaching than the writerly laziness that afflicts many young bards."
,60,"Unfortunately for Bobby Long, today's climate accepts most singer-songwriters as pretty boys more than musicians, and he falls dangerously within the reach of this category. His songs, though poetic and poignant, are also doomed to constant airplay thanks to their familiarity."
,60,"If Long has captured the style necessary to make him the next New Dylan, he hasn't quite figured out the issue of lyrical content."


,80,"Lee is so commanding that guests Lucinda Williams and Willie Nelson are drawn into top-of-the-range duets and still don't take over. [Feb 2011, p.96]"
,75,"It's a new feel and direction for Lee, and not an unrewarding one, but it's his collaboration with Beam on 'Violin' that captures a sound at which Lee truly excels."
,70,"Mission Bell, his fourth album on Blue Note, sharpens the payoff."
,70,"The tone of the album is consistently mellow but not necessarily boring."
,67,"His soulful singing charms throughout. [25 Feb 2011, p.83]"
,60,"A handsomely crafted affair of aching sincerity and a light pleasing soulful touch. What's missing are a couple of standout tracks to get the ball rolling. [Feb 2011, p.124]"
,60,"Mission Bell is hopefully a transition record for Lee, one that shows him at the crossroads of polished, packaged pop tunes and the grittier gut-wrenchers of artists like Nelson and Williams."
,60,"Like his labelmate Norah Jones, Lee is a great foil, and the standouts on his chart-topping fourth album--cut with cowboy-mystic indie rockers Calexico providing moody backup--are the cameo tracks."
,60,"There is a lot to admire here and maybe that's the main problem....he often favors rambling, low-key country numbers that get you to quietly consider the bittersweet nature of our existence rather than lose yourself in the song."
,60,"'Violin,' the lone track which seems to bare a hint of Calexico influence, is unsurprisingly the album's clear highlight: a swelling, sweeping slow-burner with wide-screen atmosphere, angelic harmonies and pedal steel aching over modest acoustic strums. More of this ilk and Mission Bell would have been a stunner."
,60,"Mission Bell [is] a pleasant record, but Lee should be aiming for more than just 'pleasant' by this point in his career."
,50,"For now, Amos Lee seems like he's biding time, cashing in on a few well-known guest stars (also here: Priscilla Ahn, Pieta Brown, Sam Beam, and drummer James Gadson), and nursing along his case of deep mellow."
,50,"Mission Bell isn't anywhere near a disaster, but it's also nowhere close to being a great album. Whatever it is Amos Lee went off in search of at the beginning of this album, he should have kept looking for it."
,40,"While a couple of catchy turns of phrase compensate for some elementary rhymes, there aren't enough hooks to make the songs memorable."
,80,"This is a noble and compelling body of music. [Jul 2011, p.51]"
,70,"Those of centrist or conservative political persuasions may decide this is a socialist document. Let them. For Morello and others, this recording claims songs from organized labor history, which are more relevant now than ever; he includes his own contributions to it as well."
,70,"Though his acoustic-playing doesn't emit the intensity of his electric style, the conviction in his voice is where the true vehemency lies, and it makes you wonder what's scarier: Tom Morello challenging you to a guitar duel, or Tom Morello picketing against you?"
,63,"Though Morello's blunt originals don't leave much room for poetry or subtlety, hearing him perform 'Union Song' at the Madison rally invokes a certain rabble-rousing spirit that Billy Bragg surely would recognize."


,80,"The album is full of the complex love songs and working-class vignettes that McKenna is so good at... [filled] with McKenna's usual grace and subtle poetry."
,80,"Lorraine is a real high-water mark for the Stoughton singer-songwriter, featuring 13 perfectly crafted gems of observational insight."
,70,"Quietly and artfully, if not especially dynamically, McKenna unearths striking truths about the fragility of life and relationships."
,60,"It could have been mawkish but it's a simple, affecting and lovely tribute."
,60,"Lorraine is evenly split between mercilessly detailed songs like these and frustratingly blank ones ('Sweet Disposition,' 'Rocket Science'), which feel like hollow templates designed to be inhabited by other, less imaginative singers. On those songs Ms. McKenna sounds complacent; discomfort suits her better."
,60,"While that may be true to McKenna's roots and doesn't pull focus from the songs themselves, it also makes the latter half of Lorraine a drag."
,80,"All of it's a terrific listen."
,70,"As its title suggests, Use Me offers a lesson in how to stay true to one's muse."
,70,"This new disc shows that he still has good taste in musicians, and is smart enough to let them use him to full advantage."
,70,"There's a pervasive sense of mutual affection and musical respect throughout this album that makes it a pleasure to listen to even in those moments when its other elements don't quite come together perfectly."
,60,"Bromberg still makes every track shine, like the A-list session man he's always been."


,80,"He transforms the bi-hearted bop of randy Weston's Little Niles into a plaintive musical love letter that, like much of what surrounds it, demands repeated listens. [May 2011, p.108]"
,80,"Throughout, his instrument is recorded so close, it practically lassos your ear with its strings. [May 2011, p.94]"
,80,"Palermo Snow is a confident collection that delights in bringing together a still-formidable technique to exercise and enjoy itself in the company of a good tune."
,80,"As was his brilliant contemporary, the late Davey Graham, Renbourn is fascinated by a wide range of styles, and this instrumental collection proves his playing and range are as remarkable as ever."
,70,"Not really 'folk' at all but a programme of music for solo guitar (and occasional clarinet) drawing on three centuries of complex harmony; or at least the harmony which appeals to the gruff old Pentangle picker."
,70,"This is the work of a master guitarist who has taken his time to come up with a quality record."
,60,"The fingering and virtuoso touches, the deft harmonics, the subtle string-bends are all delivered with minimal fuss throughout, whether it's a solo piece like the wistful 'Dery Miss Grsk', the Bach transposition 'Cello Prelude In G', which works so well with his instrument or the jaunty ragtime of 'Ugly James'."

,80,"Thea Gilmore's take on John Wesley Harding is a worthy tribute to that great album--and with a playing time of 42.23, it even gives you an extra four minutes more than the original."
,80,"Thea Gilmore's 70th birthday tribute takes the form of re-recording her favourite Dylan album in its entirety, triggered by her acclaimed 2002 cover of 'I Dreamed I Saw St Augustine', which sustains its solemnity despite the inclusion of congas."
,80,"Without in any way overwhelming the simple beauty of the lyrics and melodies, Gilmore's vocals and still-understated instrumentation add emotional color to Dylan's songs. Like all worthwhile covers, Gilmore's take on these classics lets us experience the songs anew."
,60,"Gilmore is always worth hearing, but this one is for completists only."
,60,"Covering such a cherished and well-respected body of work is a brave move, and while Gilmore was always going to struggle to make these iconic songs her own, John Wesley Harding is a valiant attempt to respectfully add a slightly modern sheen to the 40-year-old record, which should silence any Dylan aficionados waiting to cry foul."
,86,"These spry melodies and generous arrangements are the stuff of pop fantasy, while the reach of Tyler's music offers calling cards for fans of folk and more textural avant garde pieces."
,80,"It is by its nature something quite other, that is at once strange and almost unspeakably beautiful."
,80,"It is, first and foremost, a guitar album, full of extended compositions that display the inventive, intricate embroideries of his fingerpicking."
,80,"The world is crawling with Fahey-loving acoustic guitar players these days--in large part thanks Tompkins Square--but ones as good as William Tyler are rare."
,70,"It's rich in talent, even if short on crossover appeal. Tyler is gifted enough to do most anything with his guitar, and he'll move you if you let him."
,60,"Here Tyler not so much steps out of the shadows as over to a slightly less darkened corner on nine delicately plucked acoustic daydreams that also showcase his talent for arrangements. [Mar 2011, p.94]"


,83,"Veering from their signature alt-folk ditties chronicling the immediacy of transference and love, The Errant Charm presents a dense rendering of that blissful numbness promised by a life of aloof detachment."
,83,"The result is the band's balmiest, most relaxed outing to date, with enough down-tempo hooks to score a whole summer's worth of beach trips and barbecues."
,80,"Treading territory similar to Wilco's and working with producer Thom Monahan, they layer drum machine, vintage keyboard, organs and strings atop acoustic folk-rock textures and Cabic's soothing vocals."
,80,"Gorgeous, sun-dappled sounds from San Francisco. [July 2011, p. 121]"
,80,"The ideal album to soundtrack wistful contemplation on balmy summer days."
,80,"This album works both as music that can take you over and take you up on a cloud of pop, and as mood-enhancing tunes that can fill up the empty room with happy ambience. Either way, it's an enjoyable, sometimes beautiful, album, one that Vetiver have been working toward since they began."
,80,"The Errant Charm is, on the whole, immensely successful  a venture outside of a comfort zone,  a triumph for an artist who has consistently put out quality music only to be instantly likened and compared to a list of formidable influences, and an excellent soundtrack to hazy summer days and introspection."
,70,"Cabic's vocals, always low-key, are nearly ambient here, letting you take what you need and leave the rest."
,70,"The danger with The Errant Charm is pretty much the same as any other Vetiver album -- so many mid-tempo, strummy songs can create a sluggish effect."
,70,"Vetiver blends acoustic and electric instruments together so that one never knows where one sound begins and when another joins in or takes over. This is enhanced by Cabic and long time band co-producer Thom Monahan's magic in the studio."
,70,"Vetiver's latest record, The Errant Charm, is certainly more folk than freak."
,70,"Utterly lovely."
,70,"The Errant Charm is by no means a bad album, but it's not great either; it's just nice in a way that is too easy to ignore for its own good."
,70,"The Errant Charm is marked by subtle beats and expansive drones that underpin most of the tracks and add an interesting new dimension to the band's sound."
,64,"The Errant Charm doesn't entirely succeed in that regard, but it remains a pleasant listen, perhaps just a bit too subliminally so for its own good."
,60,"The Errant Charm lacks the edge needed to be more than a counter-cultural accessory. [July 2011, p. 102]"
,60,"Your cider-drinking soundtrack for this summer is here. [Jul 2011, p.100]"
,60,"Cabic and Monaghan deliver an album of relaxed, low-definition loveliness, and it's hard to begrudge them that."
,60,"Vetiver weren't particularly freakish purveyors of freak folk to begin with, but in becoming so deliberately inoffensive, The Errant Charm makes them sound more like a Shins cover band than an act with its own distinct identity."
,40,"Unlike previous Vetiver albums, for The Errant Charm, songwriter Andy Cabic entered the studio with vague ideas rather than finished songs, and it shows."
,40,"As a whole, The Errant Charm feels back-loaded and unsettled. [May 2011, p. 82]"
,79,"With a truthful tone and a passionate telling, In the Cool of the Day is good salve for anyone, believer or skeptic."
,77,"Religious music was never a hot button issue, and at no point does this, Moore's latest, feel like anything other than an honest expression of love."
,76,"In The Cool Of The Day sounds like an intimate affair, like Moore has called up his friends and invited them over to the studio upon finding the Steinway piano."
,70,"In the Cool of the Day is far from perfect, though. Moore's smooth vocal delivery suits the more minimal productions well, but it can become cloying when the backing track is too upbeat, such as on the irritating Up Above My Head."
,67,"As it is, In The Cool Of The Day is tasteful when it should be transformative."
,60,"Vocally, In the Cool of the Day often lacks that urgency: it's a beautifully played, highly accessible album that nevertheless leaves much less of an impact than one might expect."
,60,"With his piano-playing accompanied by Daniel Joseph Dorff's drumming, the arrangements are minimal affairs, placing Moore's voice centre stage and allowing the songs to breathe. [Mar 2011, p.112]"
,60,"It's a subtly affecting record, hushed, austere, grasping for simple peace of mind with gorgeously rendered standards. [Feb 2011, p.93]"
,60,"He came up with a good set of songs, but failed to achieve what I perceive this type of music is supposed to."
,60,"The result is an affable album that soothes but rarely dazzles, and In the Cool of the Day winds up functioning better as a contemporary reading of older songs."
,40,"For all the nostalgia and bland meanderings it is worth visiting this record for the closing tracks alone--but you might not want to come back too often."
,40,"The whole project is overproduced and overly slick, stripping the nuance out of the hymnal nature of the music, music that should be allowed to breathe so that it can shine."
,30,"While I'm certain that this mode will suit Moore in his future indie folk material that is sure to come, In the Cool of the Day naturally goes from inoffensive to mildly irritating fairly quickly through repeated spins."


,100,"It probably wasn't her intention, but Washburn ended up making a modern classic, a folk album for people who claim they don't like a such thing."
,90,"Throughout the record, Washburn stays in her territory and lets her collaborators respond from theirs. This is not a bid for relevance or wider appeal, nor is it a betrayal of her traditional roots; it's a conversation. And it's a conversation that gets interesting."
,90,"An original, accessible and highly recommended purchase."
,89,"Filled with a brand of progressive folk music unlike anything you've ever heard, it crackles, sways, and whines, breaking through barriers we didn't know existed while creating a listening experience that's spellbinding."
,87,"It's too early to start drafting up those Best of 2011 lists, but City of Refuge deserves to be shortlisted as one of the stronger folk albums in recent memory."
,83,"Produced by Decemberists collaborator Tucker Martine, City of Refuge frames Washburn's smoky-sexy vocals with lush string-band arrangements that make the occasional touch of Chinese zither seem natural."
,80,"Standouts include Burn Through, a Springsteenesque tale of blue-collar grit, and the haunting Corner Girl, where a lonely kid opens up her world like a plant unfurling. [Feb 2011, p.109]"
,80,"She's created a visionary American music that extends its traditions as it embraces others, free of borderlines. City of Refuge shines from West to East, from South to North--and beyond."
,80,"In a word, Abigail Washburn's City of Refuge shines. It is a folk-pastiche that draws on all of Washburn's past successes and crafts them together into a lovely and sometimes mysterious work of art."
,75,"Though fans of her exotica may miss her outlining connections between Earl Scruggs and Chinese pipa standards, City of Refuge is the best kind of crossover--one that anyone can find comfort in."
,70,"It's a little too polished for the Oh Brother... crowd, but fans of Gillian Welch and Alison Krauss should take note."
,70,"It won't be remembered for long, but in 40 minutes the album offers an amorous walk through a woman's keen strength in a style of music that will never sound dated."
,70,"City Of Refuge is an album which manages to be raw yet transcendental and simple yet layered. Inquisitive ears should find plenty of interest here."
,60,"Although something of a melting pot, this is an original and accessible album, blending world influences with old time American music."
,60,"City of Refuge finds her back in Appalachian mode though, the songs shaded with fiddle, banjo and dulcimer and borne aloft by Washburn's airy voice. [Mar 2011, p.92]"
,60,"The collaborators' influences are visible, but not dominant, as Washburn's banjo remains central, striking a nice balance. Some fine tuning and vocal variation could make for a stellar follow-up to these new genre endeavors, but a return to her classics, for this immensely talented artist, would be equally as appreciated."
,80,"An extended pilgrimage to New Orleans allowed the longtime friends to hone the 11 songs that make up Through Low Light and Trees into something truly magical, and while the album is clearly the product of the green fields and misty mountains of their homeland, it's obvious that the time spent in the Big Easy had a profound effect on them."
,80,"Just like the way in which the Fairies use musical forms from the past to ground their songs, they also use musical repetition to make the point that the only thing that doesn't change is that change is always happening."
,70,"For all the minor detours, Through Low Light and Trees is consistent in proffering a dreamy, timeless music which could have been recorded at any time in the last 40-odd years. That in itself is a kind of recommendation."
,70,"A close to fine debut."
,70,"At times, it's too lovely and woozy for its own good--but when the mood sours, as on standouts 'Devil In My Mind' and 'Erie Lackawanna', it's really rather intoxicating stuff."
,60,"Ultimately this is a solid record, if not necessarily one that will change either the world or people's perceptions of folk."


,91,"It might've been enough for Faun Fables to bear up McCarthy's commanding theatricality on this album. Instead, it has a surplus of ideas that only make Light feel more purposeful."
,90,"Light of a Vaster Dark is ultimately the most integrated, seamlessly rendered aural illustration of McCarthy's unique vision that Faun Fables has released to date."
,80,"It might be out of time, but it's worth tuning out modern life and falling in with its curious beat. [Jan 2011, p.140]"
,80,"Perhaps the highest compliment you can pay the latest Faun Fables album is that neither its 'tuneful' or 'creepy' parts sound more naturally achieved than the other, and that they sound like they've sprung from the well of a woman with a unique creative  and literal  voice."
,80,"Throughout Light Of A Vaster Dark there is an overriding sense of closeness and inclusiveness that draws you in and belies any accusations of pretentiousness that might otherwise come from straying into musical terrain far off the road so over-travelled."
,80,"Up to a point it's gothic, ritualistic folk music, with long melodies and fanciful lyrics that go to animistic places. But it also has a theremin, making the atmosphere creepier. And above all it has the clear, strong, resolute voice of Dawn McCarthy, one of the best singers we have right now. (Yes, really; and she wrote three of the four songs too.) It's musky stuff, but not rooted in any particular hippie sensibility."
,74,"This time, though, the band at her back gives that point hooks, rhythms, and textures instead, not just tangents. It's a welcome, if obvious, deviation for a band that's finally more than interesting."
,70,"For all her grandiosity, though, McCarthy's meditations on domestic toil ('Housekeeper') and seasonal change ('Hibernation Tales') feel intimately heartfelt, while the wailing 'O Mary' blends natural imagery and Christian allusions in stirring fashion."
,60,"Faun Fables do gothic folk with admirable vigour and this is incontrovertible force of nature. [Jan 2011, p.104]"
,60,"Luckily, the music, a tapestry of harmonica, bass clarinets and bamboo flutes, is a florid, textured joy. [Jan 2011, p.86]"
,60,"The pioneering hardiness Faun Fables capably venerates is now the domain of reenactors. The intrepid few who still seek frontiers have only the vaster dark of dreams to explore."
,60,"Lovely as it may be, Light of a Vaster Dark largely lacks the surprising, adventurous quality of Faun Fables's past efforts, coming off as monotone and unremarkable in comparison."

,90,"England Keep My Bones finally gets the combination right and stands right alongside Love, Ire and Song as one of Frank Turner's best works."
,89,"England, Keep My Bones is Turner's most emphatic success and the best singer/songwriter album that will be released in 2011."
,84,"Smart young miscreants that have outgrown the Warped Tour but aren't ready for the Ted Leo back catalog could do worse, and acoustic rock fans that want more than somnolent campfire melodies couldn't do much better."
,80,"The wonderfully titled England Keep My Bones features some of the finest songs Frank has yet written. [4 Jun 2011, p.52]"
,80,"England Keep My Bones is bracing, and  in the end  oddly charming."
,80,"While Turner's penchant for experimentation is impressive, his ability to juxtapose all of these genres without losing his sense of identity is ultimately what makes England Keep My Bones such a grand success. [Jul 2011, p.108]"
,80,"Taken as a whole, England Keep My Bones is evidence that Turner is an artist who has fully arrived and knows it. And that's no sin."
,80,"Frank Turner gives sincerity a good name on the rousing England Keep My Bones, an exclamation point in an increasingly brilliant career that ranges from early punk spew to more recent folkie testimony."
,80,"Throughout this is an album of sufficient character, quality, daring and charm to ensure that its creator's unlikely march to the mainstream continues without interruption."
,80,"With the standard set, Turner brings an almost literal meaning to the notion of 'traditional English punk' and, as always, it's a fearless venture for an artist with something interesting to say."
,80,"Closing with the smart anti-hymn 'Glory Hallelujah', England Keep My Bones never falters. The soundtrack to this summer? Screw that--these songs will be soundtracking many of our lives for years to come."
,70,"England Keep My Bones is evidence enough that the Frank Turner train is still picking up speed, but how far it travels from here depends on how much the man at the controls wants to stick to themes which, for all their epic sweep, just aren't for everybody."
,50,"His camp fire ramblings and angry rants soon become tiresome with much of Turner's fourth album feeling like material he has trod before."
,40,"Certainly, these times demand an earnest folk-punk poet of the poeple, but Turner's tracts are a little too woolly to truly connect. [July 2011, p. 105]"

,74,"Kraus' arrangements used to be a tad predictable, putting the tools of Appalachian and British folk toward familiar ends; here, in serpentine guitar figures and rich textures, she finds her own forms."
,70,"The record closes out well, despite the halfway-through hiccup, and anyone with an interest in the Brit-folk tradition would do well to give it a listen."
,70,"Kraus and her various collaborators throughout--notably Christophe Albertijn, who both performed and recorded the overall effort--are a bit more plugged in overall, but if the feeling of the the album is misty folk-rock at many points, it's the folk that still predominates throughout."
,70,"Nightshade's 10 songs unpack desire and affection and come up with the notion that disappointment is every bit worth savoring as joy because a romantic betrayal might acquaint you with real (not necessarily romantic) love. So while this record sounds pensive and lingers on experiences of loss, it's not depressing."

,84,"It's hard to believe Don't Blame the Stars has been floating around for more than three years. Hard to believe because, a) It's a terrific album that a label should have snatched up earlier, and b) It's eerily prescient."
,80,"You are moved nearly to tears while also being provoked to think about the very act of a song moving someone to tears."
,80,"Stars offers deep dreamlike comfort, undercut by the melancholy violin of founding member Noel Sayre, who tragically died during the album's recording. [Sep 2011, p.96]"
,75,"DeCicca's delivery, alternately grim and genial, sometimes averages out into nonchalance, and some of the black humor in these lyrics is a bit funnier on paper than on the record itself. But he's always been sort of a tricky read as a singer, allowing Sayre's ever-present violin to hammer home the emotional content, and Don't Blame the Stars finds the two neatly complementing one another."
,70,"Other than the annoyances listed, Don't Blame the Stars is an enjoyable, fairly well-executed album of decent Americana songs. No more, no less."
,67,"While The Black Swans' sound is well suited for regretful laments about antidepressants and anxiety, the band is at its best when it lightens up a bit. Given the background of Don't Blame The Stars, perhaps that's too tall an order."

,100,"At its core, this constitutes a hearty glimpse of young Bob Dylan changing the music business, and the world, one note at a time."
,100,"He sounds like what he was beneath the myth he was already constructing for himself: a man with a gift for words and music, sitting in a small room and hoping someone outside would listen."
,90,"At its core, these demos are the sound of Dylan becoming Bob Dylan, and it's an evolution that's spellbinding."
,80,"These songs, nearly half a century old, are as relevant as ever. They should have never been hawked to commercial singers, but delivered as broadsides to the public or as protest music to audiences (as many of them were). Active, agitated citizens should be the recipients of these songs."
,80,"Though The Witmark Demos' contents may occasionally be unkempt, the same cannot be said for its trappings. As with all Dylan Bootleg Series releases, it is beautifully and thoughtfully packaged and annotated."
,80,"Even the very concept of a songwriter laying down a plethora of new songs in his publisher's office for others to perform feels out-of-time - quaintly and genuinely so."
,80,"It's an informal set, full of coughs and corrections and chatty asides; the sense of intimacy this fosters between the eager young singer and the modern listener might be this collection's greatest appeal."
,80,"There are minor variations, like key changes and picking patterns, but nothing as radical as the ways he would transform the songs in later years."
,80,"In the jigsaw puzzle that is Bob Dylan, The Whitmark Demos are crucial pieces, and it's easy to get lost in the depths, the sheer audacity and beauty, of this music. [Nov 2010, p.107]"
,80,"Like Volume 8 in the Bootleg Series, Tell Tale Signs, which gave us a new context for Dylan's recent output, The Witmark Demos: 1962-1964 give us a new frame for his genesis."
,75,"If there's nothing truly revelatory, it's still a dandy opportunity to eavesdrop on the future mouthpiece of a generation finding his voice (sometimes awkwardly)."
,75,"Even in this raw setting, the best of these songs transcended his Northern Minnesota upbringing and crackled with subversive wit and the acute anger of a young man not just making his way in the world, but intent on changing it."
,71,"The casual nature of the sessions-Dylan coughs during 'Blowin' in the Wind' and stops 'Talking Bear Mountain Picnic Massacre Blues' to correct a lyric, for instance-only enriches the experience."

,80,"The result is considerably removed from the country-informed folk that dominated (but never completely encapsulated) her earlier work; it's both her subtlest and jazziest effort to date, certainly sonically but also in its songwriting, which tends more than ever toward long, fluid melodic lines and loose, open-ended structures."
,73,"She's pushed her own skills as a vocalist, drawing more from her jazz side even when singing pop or country. In the process she's created some of her finest art, even if it frequently sounds too casual for that word to apply."
,70,"There's a difference between being confessional and being self-centered that relate to one's perception of the audience. Sproule presumes we care, but it's not always clear why we should."
,70,"While it might not find itself a massive audience, fans of earthy, charismatic Americana might do well to seek it out for themselves."
,65,"There's no doubt of Sproule's ability on I Love You, Go Easy, both as a songwriter and musician, and her reservoir of talent is far from dry."
,60,"She's good when not covering Mary Margaret O'Hara. But you'll need to hear through the still-life mannerisms to get to the good stuff."
,60,"I Love You, Go Easy is an uneven album, not just going from song to song, but within the songs themselves. It offers a variety of moments, some brilliant and entrancing, but not without a few distracting decisions."
,60,"Ultimately, in a sea of indentikit singer-songwriters, Sproule's  willingness to push just a little bit further counts far more in her favour than against it. [Jun 2011, p. 102]"
,40,"I Love You, Go easy represents a minor stumble. [Jul 2011, p.96]"

,100,"It's marked by the fresh excitement of mapping out new territory rather than the more craven pleasure of wallowing in nostalgia: an object lesson in the value of not giving people what they want."
,91,"Robert Plant sounds vocally reenergized on this covers-heavy follow-up to his Grammy-winning Alison Krauss collaboration, Raising Sand."
,90,"The suspicion lingers that Band Of Joy will be remembered more fondly than its wonderful predecessor."
,90,"Clearly neither advancing age nor years of unabated success have deprived Plant of either his constant appetite for challenge or his ability to deliver in a cogent, credible and thoroughly convincing fashion."
,90,"Where its predecessor found Plant operating in a finely-tuned genre, Band Of Joy gives him an opportunity to explore his influences, and to colour a few choice odds and ends from the rock 'n' roll canon with his indelible mark."
,90,"It's as a joyous a record as you'll ever hear, a testament that the power of music lies not in its writing but in its performance."
,86,"Plant has steadfastly resisted a return to the Zep fold; Band of Joy makes us glad for that."
,83,"What was once Plant's bold reclamation of self has become a little pat, but it's hard to complain about the predictability of Band Of Joy  when the songs sound so good, with their softly sawing guitars, syncopated rhythms, and voices rising from the fuzz, strong and sure."
,80,"While touching upon Led Zep's more pastoral moments and Raising Sand's rootsy variety, Robert avoids rehashing his former glories."
,80,"'Satan, your kingdom must come down,' Plant croons on the penultimate track. Take that, Jimmy Page."
,80,"Band Of Joy is a good place for him to stay a little longer. [Oct 2010, p.114]"
,80,"It all adds up to more willful magic from Plant. [Oct. 2010, p. 94]"
,80,"In the end, Plant sounds more comfortable in this genre than he has on any of his past solo albums."
,80,"It's the sound of a man confronting his own inevitable end with humour and dignity. Let's hope he doesn't move on any time soon. As band OF Joy proves, this particular wellspring is far from dry. [Oct 2010, p.82]"
,80,"Band of Joy, by both reaching back and by yearning for a decorous new future, is an album that matters."
,80,"Co-produced by Plant and critically revered singer-songwriter-guitarist Buddy Miller, Joy is a mostly covers grab bag stitched together by Plant's sweetly urgent croon and finely crafted layers of sepia-toned instrumentation and vocals."
,75,"If Plant does nothing more on this album than draw attention to that Duluth, Minn., trio's music, he deserves praise."
,70,"This is a record primarily about loss and time's march, and Plant sings with gravity, working his middle range."
,60,"It's nice that he's managed to keep things tasteful, but instead of quiet intensity, it comes across more as overly cautious and timid  not exactly what he was aiming for."
,60,"An album of blues covers that's beautifully mellow and endearingly warm. [25 Sep 2010, p.52]"
,60,"Band Of Joy is an essential purchase... if your dad is having a birthday this month."
,40,"Without co-star Alison Krauss or marquee Texan producer T Bone Burnett, Robert Plant's latest solo outing suffers the expected sequel slump."

