7,"Loretta Lynn is some kind of musical anomaly. How she manages to keep producing high-quality, pleasant-as-hell golden age country records 50 years later is beyond me, but she sure does. Full Circle is loosely themed around a revisiting of her entire career. Most songs here are reworkings of other, older tunes, including a version of (apparently) the first song Lynn ever wrote. Full Circle is an ode to one of the most consistent folk/country artists out there...if not the most, decades later.
77/100",0,0,"Mar 29, 2016"
6,"Very non intrusive listening experience. The vocals are melancholic but not in a depressive way. It is a good album for listening while working or as background for dinner. There are lots of such albums and artists, and you may take any for this purpose, but this could be on top of the list.",0,0,"Aug 17, 2015"
8,"Great songwriting, and the musicianship is top notch. I look forward to seeing what is in store for Rayland. It seems like he's best is in front of him.",0,0,"Feb  9, 2016"
4,"Tried and trusted country rock thats as pallid and cliche riddled to send even the most ardent fan back to the source material and realize theres no place in this world for such an inconsequential record.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2015"
9,"This is a beautiful album. Full of warmth and honesty. Sincere, filled with hope, sorrow and tales of love lost. The ukulele provides a minimalist setting for the richness of the lyrics and voice to flow.",0,0,"Jul 10, 2015"
9,"A more clean and typically produced album from Los Growlers, a move away from the home recorded tape sound they had been using. The charm is still there though, and if anything The Growlers musical development and capabilities are shown off more than they would be on a rougher recording. Brooks Nielsen's lyrics are fantastic and he is surely one of the most underrated lyricists going, as well as his soulful yet gritty vocals. They seem to create a dark atmosphere from something that could be so surf-pop, which is what makes this album their own - creating something truly original.",0,0,"Dec 25, 2015"
2,"Deathly, deathly dull. I have read some critical reviews describing this as Adam's 'stadium rock' album, which is a pretty apt description.
Turgid and boring.",7,10,"Sep 10, 2014"
4,"Ooh such a pedestrian sounding record form an artist who appears to be suffering from a crisis of musical confidence. This west coast soft rock comes flavoured with a definite Tom Petty -esque blandness. Why are critics calling this record some kind of return to form ? Ashes and Fire, his last album is far better. 'Feels Like Fire' is possibly the only track which would make it on any list of his best efforts.",3,5,"Sep 13, 2014"
9,"This is Ryan Adams at his best Ryan Adams. A man of many moods, tempos, angles, and approaches to every song and every album. What makes this album intriguing is, instead of Adam's usual kitchen sink approach with things ranging from alt-country to rock to intimate to yearning, he stays mostly in the same frame of music throughout. He uses often the same guitars and effect pedals, similarly mic'd drumset, even tempos in a few places, but pulls it off as only Adams can do. While this album will please his real fanbase, it's a good album for anyone looking for some great music.",4,10,"Sep 10, 2014"
2,"I read a comment from him recently recently that he'd thrown away a whole album as he wanted to break out of his acoustic comfort zone. That sounded a bit odd but there was always the chance this was a classic, unfortunately its not. Its the most boring generic rock I've heard in a long time.
I know people will mention Bryan Adams but at least he wrote some memorable tracks where as there's nothing interesting about any of these songs and I can't see myself giving the whole thing more than a couple of listens.
My advice to any fans of some of his earlier stuff is to give this a listen before buying as you're probably going to be let down.
If however this is the first time you've heard of Ryan Adams then I'd suggest giving Heartbreaker a listen, its a superb album, and from there make sure to listen to the album before buying it as unfortunately his albums alternate between great and terrible.",1,3,"Sep 14, 2014"
10,"They say this is the 14th release, maybe officially, but there are lots more.  Out of all the official albums, which its really hard to compare, because they are all so different, this is right up there with Heartbreaker and Gold!!  In fact those three probably best represent the folk, classic rock and alternative sides to the man's incendiary career!",1,4,"Sep 19, 2014"
10,"Ryan Adams' self titled/produced album is one of his best records since the 3 album year of 2005. Adams hasn't sounded this confident and natural since Cold Roses. 'Ryan Adams' features a few rockers but the album is anchored by 'My Wrecking Ball.' The song about Adams' late grand mother is an emotional knockout.
Every Ryan Adams record features songs that his fans will love, but this album is fantastic from start to finish.",1,7,"Sep  9, 2014"
7,"Basically the antithesis of the mostly acoustic 'Ashes and Fire'. A good album, but this type of rock form usually finds Ryan Adams out of his comfort zone and not in a good way.",0,2,"Sep 14, 2014"
10,"It is not often that you find an album where all the songs are awesome, unless you are listening to a greatest hits album. Ryan has done an amazing job and created an album where all the songs are truly amazing. Ryan   best get ready for some awards",0,1,"Sep 26, 2014"
9,"Upon first listen the record sounds like RA by numbers with a couple of standout soulful rock tunes.  However, this album is a subtly crafted masterpiece, revealing it's charms upon repeated listens.  The arrangements are complex and thrilling.  The guitar sound is pure ear candy, reminiscent of Big Star, REM, the Smiths, Petty, Springsteen, the Mac .  If you like guitar, buy this record.  Adams on analog tape is good enough, but add support from Stacey, Was, Tench ( who steals a couple of acenes) and all the crisp guitar arrangements and you have what sounds like a late seventies early eighties FM classic. I don't know if it was not Was playing the bass on 'Tired...,' but whoever it was was channeling John McVie, hard. The album could have been titled 'FM' because it reminds me of the late seventies/ early eighties radio I heard as a kid, before they started ruining drum sounds with digital reverb. Stacey sounds awesome on tape, solid as a bunker.  I only wish i could hear the record in the control room from the masters, simply to be more impressed. I saw some review that said the sound was 'muddy.' Clean the **** from thine ears, please!  This record is the opposite of muddy. Fire that dude!
The confessional style lyrics are direct and often evocative and poetic; and the sense and themes of loss, loss of words, fear of loss, are well suited by the sound of the record.  There is repetition of these themes that ties the songs together as a whole. Adams is underrated as a lyricist, no doubt!  This record deals with some mature emotional themes so it might not be for everybody, but it does so in an achingly gorgeous way.  ' Maybe any promise anybody makes is destined for the rocks the longer it takes'.....wow!
Highlights: Gimme Something Good, Trouble, I Just Might, , Tired of Giving Up So Easy.   The latter is the closest Adams has come to both the sardonic melancholy and brilliant backing tracks of the best Smiths' songs.  It's hard to be as good as Morissey/Marr but he is getting damn close, in one dude!   Each song has charm and craft, so you can listen and listen.  This is the best written, played, and sounding album i bought this year.
The best thing is, that after the substance abuse stuff ( been there), and the health issues, the artist has found a new confidence and a good support crew ( Mike Viola, of 'Let me Hold You Little Man' fame and all the others mentioned and not mentioned.)  This could easily be a Modus Operendi going forward that produces a lot of great work.  My bet is the next RA album coming out of Pax Am  is going to be equally great if not better.  I  still want to hear didgeridoo with some serious tape echo!",0,1,"Oct 16, 2014"
10,"One of the bravest follow up records ever made! When an artist takes chances in the face of public and critical acclaim and affection for the types of songs and songwriting that helped From The Ground Up become such a success it really shows the type of artist you are dealing with. This album is proof of the potential and growth I hoped was possible when I first heard his debut.",0,0,"Jul  9, 2014"
9,"This is a solid album with some very catchy hooks and upbeat music transitions within the songs.  There is a lot of great harmonizing by the singers. Probably the best sing-along album so far in 2014, and maybe the most under-appreciated.",0,0,"Jun  3, 2014"
9,"Their best song, 'Divisionary,' is a peaceful song that rightly holds up all of the weight of the CD on it's mighty shoulders. I thoroughly enjoyed the catchy beats and amazing music that this album had to offer, but again, the album's main song was simply amazing.",0,0,"Feb 28, 2015"
8,"Another triumph {for the most part}, though it would have been nice to hear a little more of Coopers dulcet tones! I also prefer the more up tempo live version of 'Forty Days' recorded at Pickathon to the album version, but minor quibbles aside, this is another great record from a great band.",0,0,"Nov  3, 2013"
6,"While it's certainly a pleasant and listenable effort, Magpie and the Dandelion suffers from production that is too slick and songs that have been done before and better.  If the Avetts are to ever regain the anguished howl of their best work, Rick Rubin may have to go.",1,1,"Oct 18, 2013"
9,"Very strong effort from the Avetts. Things are kicked off by the Alt-bluegrass Open Ended Life perfectly juxtaposed against the beautiful Morning Song. Perhaps a bit heavy on ballads but each song is well constructed and delivered with the proper mix of intensity and understatement. Other standouts include Vanity, Apart From Me and the lead single, a Another is Waiting.",0,0,"Oct 15, 2013"
9,"For Chrissakes...he isn't re-issuing 'Bloomed', he's releasing new music. And this new music is Buckner--if not at his best--then, giving us his all: urgent, thoughtful, tuneful and evocative.
I'll take this Buckner any day.
If it isn't 'Since', that's ok. None of us are 'Since' anymore. Unless we're still 19...or 23...or 28. Or whenever we first heard the masterpiece.
If you'd followed him as he has gotten older, this new album is something new: fulsome, tuneful, raspy (which we've come to know} and honest.  It is something of a return. But also something new.
Just enjoy.",0,0,"Nov 15, 2013"
9,"This is easily her most sonically inaccessible album since 2002's Blacklisted, and maybe even more esoteric than that. The experimentation, however, is a necessary approach to keep the woman from being known only for her voice; she may, more than most singer-songwriters, need to rely on her song writing abilities more and more as she enters a more established, veteran phase of her career.
The experimentation is also necessitated by the subject matter  loss, resilience, complex reconciliation with angry feelings toward the past  and comes off as her most novelistic (as well as autobiographical) effort in a catalog of visually robust songs. The voice, now legendary, serves as the listener's constant, a endlessly flexible yet always familiar entity that guides us through the ponderous, suffocating darkness in the middle of the album and toward the brilliant, rolling light in 'Ragtime.'",1,1,"Sep  5, 2013"
6,"A good album. Nothing amazing though. I do, however, enjoy the 'Ragtime' track. The music is very uplifting. It's a clever move to put that track at the end of the album.",0,0,"Dec 24, 2013"
8,"There's a positive change in her music, but her new sounds  atmospheric and the rich textures are amazing. Her return is excellent not the best, but she is still a great artist.",0,0,"Sep  3, 2013"
9,"Not just a great country album but a great pop album, Caitlin Rose's dulcet tones and phrasing are wonderful to listen to, you just can't help swaying along to them. A great follow up to her debut album, she deserves to be more well know than she is at the moment.",1,1,"May  2, 2013"
10,"There really isn't a bad song in the bunch here. The band effortlessly straddles the line between straightforward alt-country, the rockier sensibilities of its members' other projects, and the Muscle Shoals-style r&b that seems to be particularly en vogue right now. McEntire's vocals and judiciously employed keyboard/organ and strings really set Mount Moriah apart from their peers. I've seen a few reviews mention that the vocals sound like a young Dolly Parton, and I think that's pretty spot on. Particular highlights include 'Younger Days,' 'Bright Light,' 'I Built a Town,' and 'Swannanoa,' the track that best showcases the band's versatility as it builds from a slow burning, countrified dirge into an cathartic centerpiece full of swirling guitar, drums, strings, and keyboard. Long story short, there are a lot of bands that are active right now and sound vaguely like this. Along with a few other acts, Mount Moriah represents the cream of the crop.",1,1,"Feb 26, 2013"
8,"I am somewhat surprised there haven't been more user reviews for this group and their debut album.  An excellent mix of 'Americana' variations, and excellent harmonies -- perhaps better than the individual voices themselves.  While I have seen comparisons to the Lumineers, this is a simpler and sometimes more personal group of songs.  Anticipating another strong effort whenever their second album arrives.",0,0,"Nov  1, 2014"
8,"This is a strong debut for The Lone Bellow. Emotionally honest lyrics are coupled with simple and driving melody and beats to make an enjoyable listen. My only complaints are that some of the songs are too similar and that a few of the melodies could be varied to be improved.",0,0,"Oct  8, 2013"
10,"Two listens and I am absolutely hooked. There are some instant classics on this album, including 'The Once and Future Carpenter' and 'Winter In My Heart,' which will remind you of a Don McLean classic. This is simple music with beautiful hooks, lovely turns of phrase and well-tuned harmony.",3,3,"Sep 12, 2012"
9,"It is great as I have listened to the Avetts since they started years ago.  I do miss the banjo but they have become master songwriters.  The best are old songs that have been around forever like Once and Future Carpenter,Down With the Shine,Pretty Girl From Michigan(Telling Time). Imo the best song they have ever written is Die Then Grow which it too has been around forever.  It surprisingly is a 'bonus track' only available at Target.  Good thing I got that one.  You can tell the brothers got married and had kids in the lyrics they wrote.  Paul Newman is my one complaint.  It never really works throughout the song and does not fit on this album imo.  February 7 and Life are great tunes.",1,1,"Sep 13, 2012"
6,"Over the last couple of years, the Avett Brothers have expanded their fan base substantially.  For those of us a fan of their earlier efforts, this album is too polished, poppy, and radio-friendly.  In fact, I think it is a decent album, but has none of the characteristics that made me a huge Avett Brothers fan in the first place.  Change and growth is great, but in this case I think they should not have chosen Rick Rubin to produce them.  He should stick to the Red Hot Chili Peppers and Linkin Park and not ruin great bands like the Avett Brothers.",1,1,"Sep 14, 2012"
4,"I feel like I'm alone here, but after five or six listens I still can't get into it.  There are a few solid songs, but even those pale in comparison to the originality and energy of their previous songs/albums.  They play this one too safe for my tastes.",1,1,"Sep 20, 2012"
9,"Overall this is an excellent album.  Perhaps the only weak spot is Paul Newman.  It starts off wonderfully with the simple and pleasing 'Once and Future Carpenter.'",1,1,"Sep 11, 2012"
7,"My favorite are the 1st two songs and then the rest are pretty mellow and chill but they sound very similar. Its a very nice album that is definitely for one of those days when you need to relax",1,1,"Sep 26, 2012"
10,"although this album was only to be able to be found at a star bucks in anchorage alaska, it is still a must have for anyone that is a fan.  It is filled with great songs and sounds exactly like the Avett Brothers.  No change in their way of playing at all.",0,1,"Sep 12, 2012"
4,"Their sound is polished, but that's not necessarily a good thing. I suppose I should have expected the album to have this pop-rock sound after I and Love and You, an album I ignored after the first listen other than about four of its tracks. The songs on The Carpenter feel safe and sterile; there's no raw energy, passion, or honest emotion that I loved about the Avetts in the past. The first two tracks are by far the best, but even Live and Die would be a weak effort on, say, Emotionalism. The rest are mostly sad, slow, and nostalgic, with lots of trite metaphors about seasons.",0,1,"Oct  3, 2012"
10,"The much anticipated new album from The Avett Brothers is finally here, and it was worth the wait. 'The Carpenter' is a combination of all of that is great about this band. Teaming up once again with Rick Rubin, this album proves that The Avett Brothers are here to stay. The title track 'The Once and Future Carpenter' plays like a life story, with poetic lyrics and a toe-tapping bluegrass beat. Their first release, 'Live and Die', pulls you in with the banjo and then makes you want to get up and swing your sweetheart around the room.
The smoky ballad 'Winter in my Heart' slows the pace a bit, but not the momentum of the beautiful lyrics and sweet vocals. There is such honesty in these songs that my heart aches a bit with each verse. 'They say seasons turn in time. Their's are changing; why won't mine.'
'Pretty Girl from Michigan' begins with the piano and then breaks into a bluegrass/rock anthem reminiscent of the late 50's and sock hops without being hokey and derivative. 'I Never Knew You' reminds me of The Beautiful South with the harmonies and slightly biting lyrics. It definitely put a smile on my face.
'Life' reminds us of the impermanence of life. The floating melodies are played with such grace on the guitar and backed by the violin. This song is best appreciated by closing your eyes, putting on your headphones and leaning your head back and giving in to it. 'Through My Prayers' brings to mind a lost love that was hard to give up. Regret and heartache make this one such a poignant song.
One song that brings a new sound to the group is 'Paul Newman vs. The Demons'. Less acoustic than most of their other songs with a more prominent drum beat and some latin electric guitar sounds, this song demonstrates the versatility of the band. They are not just a one trick pony.
As with their previous album, this one is going to be a favorite of mine. I highly recommend that you check it out along with the rest of their albums. You can download it now at iTunes at this link:
Thanks for stopping by and getting buzzed! Come back often.",0,0,"Sep 13, 2012"
10,"My wife and I LOVE the Avett Brothers and after first listen to 'The Carpenter' through NPR, I thought to myself, 'What is this?'. After expressing how disappointed I was with this album as a whole, my wife didn't believe me and said she wanted to hear the album for herself. I got back on NPR and streamed the album for her to hear and after sitting there with her and listening to the songs a second time around I thought, 'What in the hell was wrong with me earlier'. This album is excellent and compliments their entire catalog well. Unlike other reviewers, I don't really have any issue with any of the songs on this album, and that includes Paul Newman vs The Demons. I love the fact that I can select the Avett Brothers on my MP3 player and choose 'play all' songs and not have to worry about skipping anything. THESE GUYS ARE GOOD!",0,0,"Sep 14, 2012"
8,"The Avett Brothers have proven their musical diversity in their album 'The Carpenter' by moving from bluegrass/ country to an interesting folk-rock. The album overall is extremely fun, easy to listen to, and has helped propel The Avett Brothers as one of my new favorite artists.",0,0,"Sep  8, 2013"
8,"This is a strong record. We put it on while driving up an endless logging road on the way to the middle of nowhere. Reminds me of Radiohead if they were a country western band. Haunted   but in a  good way.",0,0,"Jun 27, 2013"
9,"A very good album. Wesley Schultz is awesome at storytelling and expressing himself and the music itself is so beautifully chilling. In my opinion, they're a slower and more actual version of The Beatles (although I like The Lumineers more, actually). When they get quiet it sounds bodacious in 'Slow It Down', when they get happily it sounds gorgeous in 'Ho Hey', and so on. It's just beautiful from start to finish - as sunflower16 already said it, they're fantastic in making music. It's definitely one of the five best albums in the year 2012 and it's a romantic story about an abandoned lad. When Schultz starts to sing 'I belong with you, you belong with me, my sweetheart' in 'Ho Hey', I feel a mixture of happiness and sadness, that I haven't heard often before that particular song. I love this LP and you absolutely have to listen to this. Let's all hope they get even better with their future work! A loveable acoustic amalgamation of indie and folk rock, I simply love this work (except their agenda in 'Charlie Boy' merely).",3,3,"Dec 23, 2012"
9,"This album is raw, heart-on-the-sleeve lyrics and acoustic sounds of stomps and claps to grasp your attention. It's a beautiful album from start to finish. A must listen.",2,2,"Sep 10, 2012"
2,"Okay, to be honest, I don't understand at all how this band is so popular. It's folk music, which really isn't supposed to be a genre everybody likes. I suppose it beats awful auto-tune pop like Katy Perry or Maroon 5, but how this band is on track to win big at the Grammys is just beyond me. Honestly, if music was ice cream, the Lumineers would be muesli-flavored. They're so bland, it makes me wanna puke.
If you want folk music that's actually fun to listen to, try Mumford and Sons. At least they spice their music up a bit by being more 'folk-rock,' which is much more appealing than this dull drivel.",1,6,"Feb  8, 2013"
9,"This album is ridiculously awesome.  It has a variety of songs in there, whether you like upbeat songs, sad songs, or feel good songs this album has it all.  The song 'Ho Hey' is by far their most popular song as of now but there are several other songs on the album that I believe could reach the top 20 in the country.  Their music is so relaxing and easy to listen to that I play it for my nieces and they absolutely love it.  Whenever 'Ho Hey' or 'Submarines' comes on they start dancing like crazy!  This was The Lumineers 'coming out party' and they set the bar high for them to top it.  I can not wait to see what they have in store for their next album.",0,0,"Feb  1, 2013"
10,"This has been my favorite album for quite awhile now.  The songs are simple but very catchy and meaningful. Can't wait for more from them!  I highly recommend this album.",0,0,"Mar 15, 2013"
9,"This album is a great example of how simplicity can transform into a masterpiece. This debut is full of humbling chords and heartfelt rhythms. There are a few songs that stray from common time including 'Submarines' and 'Morning Song'. They show that regular chord progression and emotional vocals can be enough, one of 2012's best new bands. It will be exciting to see how they choose to approach their next record.",0,0,"May  3, 2013"
7,"Ho Hey will probably automatically reveal why most people know of the Lumineers these days, but have you ever decided to dive deeper and check out their full CD?
Well, I decided to.
The self-titled debut album by the Denver, Colorado folk rock group is a quirky adventure and I found myself amused by it.  I like to call them the American version of the very popular folk rock band Mumford & Sons, except with a much more radio-like taste.
The album is overall inventive, but almost incomplete.  I was fond of the historical-like reference almost every song radiated.  I was transported from the WWII-era in one song to the 1920s jazz age in another.  I think many songs (Ho Hey, Stubborn Love, Dead Sea, etc.) are solid tunes that are friendly to listeners ears, while others (Slow It Down, Morning Song, etc.) are more drawn out, inventive, and abstract and shy away from the condensed-version most songs on the album seem to be.  I think they couldve definitely done more with their better known songs, but the short and speedy song is becoming more and more popular nowadays.  The 38 minute CD is a crash course for anyone who is skeptical about diving into folk rock music.  For a debut album, its promising.  The Lumineers know how to attract listeners with their catchy songs and overall positive vibe.  Id love to see them dive into darker depths and other subjects away from love in a future album.  The songwriting is there, and now that their first LP is out and appreciated, they should take some time and mold that potentially legendary talent into more great music.
Rating: 7.7/10",0,0,"Jun 18, 2013"
8,"It didn't grab my attention the first two times I listened the album, mainly because I was never used to listen folk music, but by the third time I was hooked. There's a sense of nostalgia, I can even imagine places that would go perfectly with the songs. It doesn't have heavy production and most of the tracks are catchy in their own way, I just wished some of them were longer ('Flowers in your hair' and 'Submarines').",0,0,"Aug 23, 2013"
5,"A bland album that is crippled with cliche and repetitive lyrics as it appears to be a  poor attempt at making memorable heartfelt songs about love.It has some nice mellow melodies to just simply chill to but overall it`s lacking in raw emotion and is just a generic folk/pop album.",0,0,"Mar 29, 2014"
7,"Ho Hey will probably automatically reveal why most people know of the Lumineers these days, but have you ever decided to dive deeper and check out their full CD?
Well, I decided to.
The self-titled debut album by the Denver, Colorado folk rock group is a quirky adventure and I found myself amused by it. I like to call them the American version of the very popular folk rock band Mumford & Sons, except with a much more radio-like taste.
The album is overall inventive, but almost incomplete. I was fond of the historical-like reference almost every song radiated. I was transported from the WWII-era in one song to the 1920s jazz age in another. I think many songs (Ho Hey, Stubborn Love, Dead Sea, etc.) are solid tunes that are friendly to listeners ears, while others (Slow It Down, Morning Song, etc.) are more drawn out, inventive, and abstract and shy away from the condensed-version most songs on the album seem to be. I think they couldve definitely done more with their better known songs, but the short and speedy song is becoming more and more popular nowadays. The 38 minute CD is a crash course for anyone who is skeptical about diving into folk rock music. For a debut album, its promising. The Lumineers know how to attract listeners with their catchy songs and overall positive vibe. Id love to see them dive into darker depths and other subjects away from love in a future album. The songwriting is there, and now that their first LP is out and appreciated, they should take some time and mold that potentially legendary talent into more great music.
Rating: 7.7/10",0,0,"Jul 15, 2014"
7,"' The Lumineers '  uma forte contrapartida, que,  mesmo no sendo to cativante em alguns pontos, ainda se demonstra um deleite para os ouvidos e at mesmo para o corao.(B)",0,0,"May 15, 2016"
10,"Great album, the use of imagery is extremely impressive.  Creative song ideas and clever lyrics separate this album from most other music out there. I have listened to it a thousand times and doesn't get old.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2016"
10,"I love the Lumineers.  I bought this album right before I got the terrible news that one of my friends had passed away and it carried me through the mourning process, like a family member would, like a best friend.  When it gets to Slow it Down, I really am ready to act like I've been there before, 'smile less and dress up some more.'  But it wasn't just that.  It is an uplifting album, in a boyfriend-ish kind of way, like hot chocolate and marshmallows on a rainy day.",0,0,"Aug 28, 2016"
10,"After a few missteps I think that this is a real return to form. There is a great combination of strength and fragility in what they do. IMO this is up there 'Lay it Down' with in the pantheon of C-J records. Margo Timmins' voice has a brilliant world-weariness that wasn't evident on earlier records, it has aged very well I guess and suits the overall mood of this album. Has anyone ever sung the F-word so well? Now, I need to go back and listen to the other volumes in this collection again.",0,0,"Mar 29, 2012"
6,"Shooter Jennings on 'Family Man' puts forward ten compositions belonging mainly to the country style. Mainly, because we also find a link to the folk in 'The Deed And The Dollar', 'The Black Dog' or americana 'The Family Tree'. Tracks holding level in terms of composition, and most importantly album is a good listen.",0,0,"Apr  3, 2012"
8,"This is a fantastic, beautiful album.  The kind of album that satisfies on the first superficial listen, continues to improve and develop deeper meaning with repeated listens, and holds up to a ton of them.  Every song is a winner, with personal highlights including: Come Home, Do I Wait, Save Me, Kindness, Lucky Now, and I Love You But...  Norah Jones's piano on some tracks is a wonderful touch.",0,0,"Nov  4, 2011"
9,"I have proceeded with caution with Ryan Adams in the past as he seems to have accumulated a large catalogue music in a short time span - much I have found inconsistent, great, not-so-great and forced, at times.  Ashes & Fire is THE BEST Ryan Adams album to date.  Soothing melodies in the mold of say, Ray Lamontagne...sums this one up best.  I really liked sings Ashes & Fire, Invisible Riverside...not forced this time at all...he really allows the music and lyrics to develop at their own pace.  One of the very few albums I really liked this year.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2011"
9,"A tremendous album - Absolutely back to his best after some dodgy releases. Lucky Now and I Love you but I don't know what to Say among the best things he has ever done and thats saying something. Fantastic",0,0,"Oct 12, 2011"
7,"I have always been a huge fan of Ryan Adams since his Whiskeytown days. He put out an amazing and prolific amount of quality music between 2000 and 2009 and did it with a wide variety of musicians and styles.This album is primarily a solo effort and most songs are one man ballads which is not a bad thing if you can write,play and sing like Ryan Adams.",0,0,"Oct 12, 2011"
9,"Fundamentally, this album is a grower. Definitely not one for newcomers as it really shines in the light of Ryan's other work. However, this is his strongest work since Cold Roses. Heartfelt, masterful and beautiful, this collection takes on all Ryan's styles and strips away any heavy instrumentation, allowing the gorgeous songs to shine through.",0,0,"Jan  4, 2012"
9,"This is Ryan Adams at the height of his songwriting abilities. After a brief hiatus, he has returned with an album of finely crafted, stripped down songs that showcase Adams' vocal prowess. Accompanied by only an acoustic guitar on most songs, this album is the perfect companion for relaxing afternoons and introspective evenings. Favourites include 'Invisible Riverside', 'Ashes & Fire', and 'Dirty Rain'.",0,0,"Jan 22, 2012"
9,"Hank III is as prolific as he is good. I liken this to old A side and B side albums. The first half is very good, solid country music. It's lively, it's thoughtful and it stomps. The other half is something new. If Tom Waits would produce an old Hank Williams album, it might sound like this. The texturing, the layers, all the orchestration, it oozes style, vibe and...I can't really shower this effort with enough good words.",0,0,"Jul 26, 2012"
6,"It's hard to be critical of an artist who maintains a steadfast commitment to her roots, a continued integrity in her field of music, and a legacy of extraordinary musical highs, but Emmylou's new album sounds terribly weary. So often her pitch perfect tones have relaxed and soothed, whilst her writing has held an ethereal depth way beyond the majority of her peers. Indeed, 'Hard Bargain' opens with a nostalgic trip back to the place where she discovered and honed her skills by celebrating her former cohort and hero, Gram Parsons on the atmospheric ballad 'The Road'. The melancholy spreads to another recently departed friend, Kate McGarrigle on 'Darlin' Kate', but the true highlight of Harris's dark reflections comes on the excellent first person delivered 'My Name Is Emmett Till'. The song captures the story of a 14 year old black boy who was tortured and later murdered by a posse in Mississippi and later became a catalyst for the civil right movement. For all the passion Harris continues to deploy in her songs, she occasionally drifts into sloppy whimsy and 'Big Black Dog' is an example of a poor song slipping through the quality control department and sullying the record. 'You're not brown, you're not yellow, Bella, Bella, my big black dog' are the sort of lyrics you'd expect a ten year old to be disappointed with, so why no one picked up that the song simply isn't strong enough to be included is a complete mystery. Another reservation is Jay Joyce's lifeless production effort, which, although polished, lacks an organic earthiness to complement Emmylou's introspective vocals. This effect would have saved 'Six White Cadillac's' from sounding like an obligation to fill time. There's probably enough here to keep the fans content, but 'Hard Bargain' sees Emmylou Harris settling for some mixed creations, flat productions and tired presentations. http://hackskeptic.com",1,1,"Jul 10, 2011"
10,"Thanks for showing up such fabulous information. I like this post, keep writing and give informative post...!I was very encouraged to find this site. I wanted to thank you for this special read. I definitely savored every little bit of  it.Thanks for showing up such fabulous information.  I like this post, keep writing and give informative post...!The post is very informative. It is a pleasure reading it. I have also bookmarked you for checking out new posts.   Delhi Escorts",0,1,"Feb 15, 2011"
10,"This is another excellent record from Todd Snider. It excels at capturing the feeling of a Todd Snider show. As the title suggests, Todd has tons of great stories to go along with his songs. This album entertains on just about every level. For those who have seen Todd live, this album is a great reminder of those special performances. For those who haven't had the chance to see his live show, this offers an introduction to the experience, and hopefully a catalyst for seeing Todd live.",0,0,"Mar 13, 2011"
10,"hey that a really nice update on this... thanks for sharing the information..  . Really its a good news.This site has lots of advantage. I found many interesting things from this site. I like it very much. Its so interesting.I want to sharing this topic with some of my close friends. So thanks this post.http://www.simmimittal.com/",0,0,"Mar 16, 2012"
10,"Mumbai Escorts | Escort In Mumbai | Mumbai Call Girls | Mumbai Female Escorts | Independent Escort Call Girlhttp://www.nidhi-oberoi.com/home.htmlnidhi-oberoi.com:(+91-9711185754)provide high class escort service. Nidhi is an independent mumbai escort, Mumbai female escorts, escort Call girl in mumbai, mumbai escorts, mumbai Call girls, Call girls in mumbai, young escort girl, female escort in mumbai,escort in mumbai, indian escorts, call Girl in mumbai, mumbai escorts girls, escort india.mumbai escorts, escort in mumbai, mumbai escort girl, call Girl in mumbai, mumbai female escorts, mumbai escort, mumbai female escort, Call girls in mumbai, female escort in mumbai, independent mumbai escort girl, Mumbai Hot call Girl, young escort girl, escort india, indian escorts, mumbai escorts girls",0,0,"Mar 21, 2012"
8,"Fantastic start, weak finish, but best album in a decade by far!  Look forward to part II coming in May.",0,0,"Oct 21, 2010"
10,"This album is amazing. The songs are very relaxed and laid back, but also very good. If you are an idie fan, you will like Fields!  If I were to compare them with someone, I would say they kind of sound like Bon Iver and Iron and Wine.",0,0,"Mar 17, 2011"
6,"The Drive-By Truckers can write some good Southern rock riffs, but this album felt less inspired than Brighter than Creation's Dark or Go-Go Boots.  There are some interesting songs on here ('Birthday Boy', 'This F****ng Job', 'The Fourth Night of My Drinking'), but not having a defined concept seems to have zapped the music of its cohesiveness.",0,0,"May 13, 2011"
10,"",0,0,"May 12, 2011"
7,"Probably their most accessible album in terms of catchy songs (maybe I'm wrong). There appears to be something on here for everyone. The guitars crunch like their rockier records like a ten minute Crazy Horse jam, but in respectful restraint. Patterson aims big on this one, with partner in crime Mike Cooley paving the usual territory. His 'Birthday Boy' might be the album highlight. Shawna Tucker's contributions are well placed too ('You've Got Another') and Hood keeps it familiar with his direction ('The Wig He Made Her Wear'). Not mellow like their previous effort (Brighter Than Creation's Dark) or the next one after (Go-Go Boots). If you're a fan of the band, you'll enjoy the album. Nothing groundbreaking, but worth every penny.",0,0,"Jul 15, 2011"
9,"Great song after song. The most under rated and under appreciated album of 2010. Why this wasn't on everyone's 'Best of 2010' lists is beyond me!",0,0,"Feb 28, 2011"
10,"It's hard to imagine why artist's open themselves up to such challenging material.  So often, musicians fail to satisfy passionate followers of a writer such as Kerouac but Farrar and Gibbard bravely tread into the fray.  The subsequent product is astoundingly faithful to the spirit and writing of Kerouac while producing some fine music along the way.  There is not one weak song on this album.  Standout tracks include 'California Zephyr', 'Big Sur', 'One Fast Move or I'm Gone', 'Williamine' and 'San Francisco'.  This was a serious endeavor that resulted in some masterful music.",0,0,"Mar 30, 2012"
10,"A truly great record. Absolutely timeless. Tracks that initially seem to plod (Knoxville Girl, Map of the Falling Stars) reveal themselves to be brilliant with subsequent listens, while other tracks are are easy to fall in love with from first listen (O Grace, Josephine, Shenandoah). This is a true album where every song matters. And every song is worth your time. Seriously, this is an amazing record.",0,0,"Jul 22, 2009"
7,"There are some great tracks on here, but it's more sparsely populated with these than the last few Magnolia records. Fading Trails is their best and this unfortunately doesn't match up to it. Still a good record though, just not a 10/10.",0,0,"Jul 23, 2009"
8,"Having The Jayhawks's Gary Louris produce this record has had wonderful consequences. The songs are more rounded and well written.",0,0,"Oct 25, 2007"
3,"easily wilco's worst album. Is it too late to bring Jay Bennett back?",0,1,"May 14, 2007"
8,"I've been listening to this on their website for a while, and heard a few of the songs done live on bootlegs for over a year. Didn't especially get into some of it, but had especially enjoyed Impossible Germany and Walken. I thought the cd as a whole seemed too mellow, not at all like AGIB or YHF, so kind of a letdown. But I also hadn't listened to it start to finish at one time. Just got the cd in the mail yesterday, it came with a dvd which I first watched. Today I put the cd in and listened to it through headphones start to finish. As someone commented previously, it sounds great as a whole, for me that's somewhat how YHF was too. Not all songs seem to stand on their own, but as an entire cd it all works.",0,0,"May 18, 2007"
7,"I'm glad this score has gone down a little. Really, it doesn't deserve to be in the same ballpark as A Ghost Is Born (and certainly not Summer Teeth or Yankee Hotel Foxtrot). It is solid, but not great. I feel like some reviews I've seen have given good marks just because it is Wilco, and on the flipside, some critics have been extra harsh because it is not as good as their last three albums. Just taking it on its own merits, and not comparing it to past work, it is, like I said, good but not great.",0,0,"May 21, 2007"
9,"Finally, the Wilco album that delivers on the promise of AM and Being There. While all that experimenting did produce some fine albums, everything from Summerteeth up until now, seemed to lack the emotion of their first two collections. Sky Blue Sky delivers simple and honest emotion mixed in with some occasional interesting instrumentation to produce the album that Jeff Tweedy was destined to make. And the Nels Cline lead and lap steel guitar work really tops it all off. Maybe I am a biased early Wilco (and UT) fan, but this could be their finest hour.",0,0,"May 20, 2007"
10,"Wilco is back and feeling comfortable about playing music. Great music. The Band. The Beatles. Pure songs with guidance and strength. Sky Blue Sky is the calm after the storm of searching....and I am glad this is the result. Sounds like home to me.",0,0,"May  6, 2007"
10,"Is simple, beautiful, intelligent, all great songs. I think is the mayor Wilco album. Just listen songs like on and on and withe light.",0,0,"Feb 10, 2008"
10,"I love this record. Wilco's beautiful collaboration in sound truly reflects a vision unique to those who know the hard times in life, but stand firm in hope. This album takes me. Thank you Wilco.",0,0,"Oct 30, 2007"
10,"This is a Wilco album for fans who have been there from the beginning. A delicious ode to roots rock that shold be digested by music lovers of any age.",0,0,"May 14, 2007"
4,"An inoffensive album ready for play in elevators, this is no 'Being There.' Though my enthusiasm for Wilco has consistently waned since 1997, this is the first time I've regretted spending my money on the band.",0,0,"May 14, 2007"
10,"You have to give this one time, no question. It is not going to reach out and grab you at first. But when you hit the right number of listens and the little buttons start to get pushed in your brain, you'll find that this is a breathtakingly beautiful and soulful record. I get chills everytime I listen to it now. Brilliant.",0,0,"May 14, 2007"
1,"Really boring and generic sounding record. Son Volt's 'The Search' is far superior.",0,0,"May 15, 2007"
6,"A dissapointingly dry Wilco album. Devoid of the lyrical complexity and atonal expirements of days past. This is Wilco airbrushed and pressure cleaned for mass consumption. Being the best band in America, there are still some gems on this record. However, the gems sit next to some of Tweedy's worst lyrics (Maybe you love me, maybe you don't), and the band's most boring arrangements since their debut. Only Tweedy's gift for melody makes this album bareable; and he does treat us to some melodic goodies; The American Beauty-esque 'What Light', the hypnotic piano ballad 'On and On and On', and the lazy day hammock folk of 'Either Way'. This is the first time In their career Wilco has been entertainment; nothing more nothing less. This album is nice for disposable nap time music, or sunny day in the park, but ultimately it is too weak to be ranked with the bands past classics like Summer Teeth and Yankee Hotel Foxtrot.",0,0,"May 15, 2007"
9,"Phenomenal album. It is different from Ghost and YHF, but that is what they needed. They carried over the sound from Kicking Television and put it into album form. Yes, it is more chill, but still the songs are great. Not too big of a fan of 'what light' but love the rest. If you can only check out one, 'Impossible Germany' is awesome.",0,0,"May 16, 2007"
9,"A brilliant departure from the experimentalism that bogged down parts of 'a ghost is born'. It recalls the pop glow of summerteeth with an added bit of maturity.",0,0,"May 16, 2007"
9,"gorgeous guitar work, this album will grown on you with listenings, short attention spans will find it troublesome, they have mastered their craft.",0,0,"May 16, 2007"
8,"I've been a Wilco fan for 10 years and this band has sent me on a roller coaster of a ride through alt.country, Beatlesque pop, and noisy post-rock. I can honestly say I wasn't prepared for an album like 'Sky Blue Sky'. But after just one listen, not only did I identify it as a collection of Wilco songs, but an 'album', a cohesive musical statement. It's hard to make a texturally scaled-down record such as this without great songs underneath. I must admit; after pouring over the two Loose Fur records, I really wanted to hear Glen Kotche come out a little more on this record. But the songs didn't call for it, and the performance of all the musicians proves the band understands that no one member is more important than the song. The record sounds truly effortless, like a band getting together playing the songs they like with people they like. Nothing is forced. Some say it's Wilco showing it's age; I think it's Wilco showing their incredibly tasteful musical abilities and the spirit of a collective that can survive all the guff and criticism this industry can dish out. Where do they go from here? I have no clue. Then again, I've never been able to answer this question and I'm never disappointed in the end.",0,0,"May 16, 2007"
7,"A couple misses, but overall a great summertime record, breezy and fun. Seems effortless, which mean a whole lot of effort was likely put into these songs. Not a deep, 'important' record by any means, but its importance may just lie in its simple charm. Its only rock and roll, but I like it.",0,0,"May  2, 2007"
9,"This album reminds me of Dylan's domestic turn with New Morning - not so much in its style, but in its imagery from the ordinary responsibilities of life in your 30's and 40's. It's not as dark and tormented as the Yankee and Ghost albums, but SBS is a beautiful addition to the Wilco cannon.",0,0,"May 20, 2007"
10,"There",0,0,"May  2, 2007"
9,"well crafted music..... It's hard not be pleased. Although i find it to be one small step back from A Ghost Is Born.",0,0,"Jun 12, 2007"
8,"Not as experimental as their previous efforts but a solid effort none the less. Everything has been simplified and we're back to the alt-country roots ... love and loss",0,0,"Jun 17, 2007"
10,"Absolutely Awesome in its Beauty, Simplicity and Complexity! A classic that just grows and grows on you!",0,0,"Jun 20, 2007"
9,"Sky Blue Sky lacks the astonishing diversity of Being There or the experimental flair of Yankee Hotel Foxtrot. Yet it contains some terrific songs. Both Impossible Germany and Walken are among the very best numbers in Wilco live shows. And for the sentimental, Please Be Patient With Me is very touching. The best thing about Sky Blue Sky is that it is a unique addition to the Wilco/Tweedy repertoire.",0,0,"Jun  7, 2007"
9,"Apparently effortless and deceptively simple, as are all manifestations of brilliance.",0,0,"Jun  9, 2007"
6,"'Impossible Germany' sums up the album pretty well: accessible, attractive riff and lyrics quirky and cryptic enough to be really good. But it's just not worth multiple listens.",0,0,"Jul 19, 2007"
1,"It's crap.",0,0,"Jul 19, 2007"
8,"The indie-hipster rejection of Sky Blue Sky puts a spotlight on the hypocrisy and shallowness of much of the movement. Take the same album, throw in some electric background noise and a few not-quite-cohesive off-harmonies, the same people trashing it would be calling it album of the year. Sky Blue Sky is a solid album full of a lot of extremely strong guitar riffs and overall good songwriting. It's not as good as Yankee Hotel Foxtrot, but what is?",0,0,"Jul  2, 2007"
5,"what a pain! total lack of inspiration, sonic interest, songs. nels cline solo, somewhere on the 1st song, is marking the end of the album. and, probably, of wilco's career. too bad to be true.",0,0,"Jul  2, 2007"
6,"Disappointing; there are only about 3-4 songs worth listening to.",0,0,"Jul  6, 2007"
10,"best music of the century, so far. A few seconds of Either way or impossible germany are much worthwhile than the f*** discography of truly boring groops, i.e U2, !!! or those monkeys in antarctica",0,0,"Jul  8, 2007"
9,"Beatiful and fantastic, though im hoping this album is one for jeff to have some fun and the next will be a bit more messed up! Full of hope.",0,0,"Jan  8, 2008"
4,"I have been a fan since before UT broke up and have been enthusiastically with Wilco through all their changes. It is sad to see them retreating into boring and at times even annoying territory. The new lineup is thoroughly lame. What happened to the band that made Summerteeth? This is the first Wilco record I have ever sold to the used cd shop. Lucky for them their new fan base is larger than their old one, if significantly more shallow.",0,0,"Mar 20, 2008"
6,"Fans of Yankee Hotel Foxtrot or Summerteeth will be very dissapointed with this one. While A Ghost is Born was not a step forward by any means, Sky Blue Sky serves as an all out step backwards to Being There. But, Being There was better. When the album works, and sometimes it really does, the experience is mellowing. But, the middle of the album lacks. I found the album dissapointing, but some Wilco listeners might like it. Just don't expect a creative and innovative release like their previous three. Because innovative this ain't.",0,0,"Apr 21, 2007"
10,"Yes, the sonic chances taken on Wilco's sixth album are more subtle, but calling it inconsequential, as some (I'm looking at you, Under The Radar) will, is far from fair. I'd say it's more a 'breezy' record, similar in structure to Bob Dylan's 'Desire' or the Beach Boys' 'Friends,' and sounding quite a bit like the Grateful Dead's 'American Beauty.' Now, there are those who will complain that each of those records represented a band that immediately went downhill (or was on the way down already), but I disagree. 'Desire' is one of Dylan's most affecting records; 'Friends' is a fabulous piece of weirdo-obscuro post-acid pop; and 'American Beauty' was one of two great studio records the Dead made. As for 'Sky Blue Sky,' it starts off on a surprise note: the understated, sumblime 'Either Way,' a song that, upon first glance, does indeed seem inconsequential, with its folky, '70s-sounding electric guitar and flattened-out drums. It's not, though; how often do you hear a band come out of the woodwork not with a roar but with a chuckle? The band is loose, having fun. This album wasn't a chore to make like their most celebrated record, 'Yankee Hotel Foxtrot,' and neither was it an attempt to take that experimentation a step further, as was 'A Ghost is Born.' No, 'Sky Blue Sky' is an open-set jam, a group of guys who play well together hanging out and coming up with some sweet, sweet melodies. Sure, the messages aren't as depressing as previous records; and yes, alt.country fans aren't going to be happy that the band has come up with its first-ever unabashed country song ('What Light,' which recalls, most surprisingly, 'Grand Ole Opry' type country) or their jammier stuff ('Impossible Germany,' 'Side with the Seeds'). But there is other stuff on here that you're not going to get out of your head. 'Walken' is a perfect jam-pop tune; 'You Are My Face' sounds like the Autumn Defense interpreting the Chamber Strings. Here's the deal, though: don't download/listen to individual tracks. It doesn't work like that. This is an album's album, a record that doesn't work unless each song is heard in its particular place. Listen to it several times while you're driving around whilst the sun shines down on you. You won't be disappointed, and you might even feel kind of good.",0,0,"Apr 25, 2007"
9,"This album may not be a step forward, but it is by no means a step backward. This is a very intimate album made by a band that, at this point, can do no wrong. I love this album.",0,0,"Apr 27, 2007"
6,"It pains me to give Wilco any score lower than an 8. I enjoy a nice acoustic set, or maybe just a song or two per album. This album starts out in a fairly promising manner, and carries a few other bright spots. All-in-all I found myself waiting to be rocked. Yes, bands need to evolve their sound to survive, but never at the cost of rocking the fans with you're uniques riffs and sweet chorus'. Worth a listen, but borrow it from your impulsive Wilco-fanatic friend. Not worth the buy M dog",0,0,"May 14, 2007"
9,"Brilliant! Tweedy sounds confident and relaxed. the songs have a gentle charm and fell as comopfrtable as a favorite shirt. A plaid flannel shirt, of course.",0,0,"May 14, 2007"
10,"Every album is orignal and better, best band around today, easily.",0,0,"May 14, 2007"
9,"Will be one of my top ten from the year. I'm in the minority of people that like this more than their previous work. This is less experimental, which means it will be easier to get into. And it is for that reason that it will be reviewed poorly. All of the Indie fans that liked them before will be all up in arms over the fact that more people can listen to their music. Stupid. The guitar work on this album is just awesome, YHF just put me to sleep. If you found yourself not really liking previous Wilco, i encourage you to give them one more try with this one. What the indie snobs don't like about this album will be what you will like.",0,0,"May 14, 2007"
9,"Sky Blue Sky, Wilco's latest album, displays the evolution Wilco has endured throughout their existence. Sky Blue Sky presents a cleaner, toned down sound but with Jeff Tweedy's eccentric voice still clear. This will be one of the top albums of the year.",0,0,"May 14, 2007"
5,"Wilco is totally sucking on this record. They need to crank up the RAWK!!! Come on, Jeff, act like you got a pair!!",0,0,"May 14, 2007"
10,"LOVE, LOVE, LOVE. i can, however, see why some Wilco fans would not like this album. Its almost as if each track is a different music style. There are definitely some other influences running deep through a few tracks. I personally enjoy the new found structure, lyrical maturity, and over-all feel, of this blissful album.",0,0,"May 14, 2007"
0,"the sound of a fat and happy band that has nothing more to say. bloated, boring, dull and lyrically pathetic. just a waste of time. 'sky blue sky' is a fitting title because the music is perfectly empty background fodder for the weather channel.",0,0,"May 14, 2007"
5,"Dull as dishwater.",0,0,"May 14, 2007"
6,"Well, this isn't another Yankee Hotel Foxtrot, but neither was A Ghost Is Born. But instead of displaying some variance from the tired soft rock formula like they did (in some places) on AGIB, there's a sense of defeat, self-pity, and sticking to the formula. The sort of lyrics that accompany self-pity would have been interesting for a couple of songs, but Tweedy has filled the whole record with them - and made them boring altogether too much. In the meanwhile I'll keep waiting for Tweedy to make a record as interesting as Summerteeth.",0,0,"May 14, 2007"
4,"Rehab stints usually usher in fallow periods for musicians. Jeff Tweedy is no exception to this rule. He'll be back.",0,0,"May 14, 2007"
9,"Really solid album. Most immediate, 'adult'-sounding record Wilco has put out to date. Feels like waking up to the calm and clarity of the next morning following a series of nightmare's and complexities. Dirty-soul feels about right..Similar, perhaps in mood and form to the last R.E.M. album, but whereas directness and 'adult life' felt boring and archaic on 'Around The Sun', Wilco leaps forward into new terrain and creates a new landscape totally their own. Another leap forward America's foremost musical outfit.",0,0,"May 14, 2007"
4,"where are the songs???",0,0,"May 14, 2007"
9,"Typically solid. The middle of the album is the soft spot (except Side with the Seeds) but the first and last few tracks stand up to anything they've done before. Pitchfork's hatchet job (and anything in the 5.0 range is as bad as it gets because it says 'boring') demonstrates the difference between Pitchfork and Wilco. Wilco has made peace with the fact aging is a part of life and personal evolution. Naturally, the music reflects this journey and may come across as 'mellower,' and more pastoral and seemingly more assured of itself. It doesn't make it less interesting because there isn't a kitchen sink approach to the production (i.e. krautrock beats, xylophone sections, etc...). It's what is real to them right now. Pitchfork wouldn't understand that because evolution for them means finding whatever hipster trend seems to be peaking, give it the papal blessing no matter how shite it may be, congratulate itself on how important it is to the financial wherewithal of said shite hipster trend, and go on oblivious to the fact that whatever drone band they fellated in their review speaks to the hearts of no one. That isn't evolution. It's a desperate attempt to hit the hipster fountain of youth when the truth is that no one in their 30s can safely spot trends before whatever it was already isn't trendy. Sorry to rant. Go Wilco!",0,0,"May 15, 2007"
8,"This is a really mellow low-key album and a really enjoyable listen. It's really bolstered by Nels Cline's fine guitar playing throughout. It may lack the head-first experimentalism of the past two Wilco albums, but it makes up for it in its realism and heartfelt songs.",0,0,"May 15, 2007"
9,"I've had the chance to listen to this album several times. After the first listen, I was very skeptic and disappointed. As I've listened on, like all Wilco's music, it's gotten better and better each time. I think this will be a case where a lot of people will whine about how mellow it is at first and then soon realize it's just Wilco evolving naturally and doing something different. Great album.",0,0,"May 15, 2007"
9,"Lovely set of laid back avant-country (if music is actually capable of falling under that name), occasionally punctuated by prog guitars or Stax keyboards. Tweedy's voice sounds lovely, and I'll be damned if 'Impossible Germany isn't the best thing they've ever done.",0,0,"May 15, 2007"
10,"very nice. very nice indeed.",0,0,"May 15, 2007"
9,"Can not give a 10 because that is reserved for desert island albums. I would however keep SBS in my desert island ipod.",0,0,"May 15, 2007"
6,"A little too polished for my taste, I would have liked a little more pop and a little more rock, but then Tweedy didn't make this album for me. 'Sky Blue Sky,' the first single is about as great a song as he's ever written. There are about four other memorable songs here, but the album sounds bleak and souless to me as a whole.",0,0,"May 16, 2007"
9,"I put SBS right behind YHF as their second best. 'Side with the Seeds' is worth the price of admission by itself! I agree that this is a more easily acceptable/likeable record if you've been following Wilco since A.M. But if you got on the bandwagon around the time of YHF, I can see how SBS may not live up to your expectations. Thanks Jeff and the boys, this long-timer thinks it's awesome.",0,0,"May 16, 2007"
8,"Like Neil young and Van Morrison, Wilco have never been interested in what type of music is popular currently. And like them, I think we'll appreciate that their music won't date like a lot of other current artists.",0,0,"May 16, 2007"
10,"Annoying that critics are kinda panning this one. Back to roots, so that must mean they're getting old and stale, right? This one has more texture, intimacy, and satisfying meat to it than the recent more experimental ones. Best wilco yet.",0,0,"May 16, 2007"
10,"Wos what a great CD! I've really been hoping Tweedy would return to the sound of the 'Being There' and 'Summerteeth' era, and my wish was granted. Don't get me wrong, I love YHF, and to a lesser extent AGIB, but I still feel Being There is their best work, though this new CD comes very close! Can't wait to hear the new songs performed live!",0,0,"May 16, 2007"
8,"A mature outing that wears well, and for me a welcome return to melody. I am one of those who found the noise and texture experiments of YHT and Egg Is Born to be low points, cheap shots from a band that knows better. I found Pitchfork's review to be especially off track and juvenile, they seem to be missing the point that one may use references outside the 20-something world to create fun and engaging music. In this case, those references are rock and country albums from the '70s that still carry weight. Some pop music ideas are endlessly usable. I will say right now how much I enjoyed hearing actual guitar solos on this album - the indie obsession with 'texture' leaves too many songs in monotonous grooves excessively controlled by the songwriter, while the old pop device of improvised instrumental breaks provides welcome change from the vocalist and forces the melody to be viewed in a different light. Nice work.",0,0,"May 17, 2007"
6,"Eh... too many people trying to convince themselves this is a great album. This departure to smooth-rock adult contemporary is not what the majority of wilco fans expected or wanted. Very few if any catchy hooks or memorable melodies.",0,0,"May 17, 2007"
9,"Am I the only one who thinks this is a great piece of work? This set just ended on my stereo and I'm thrilled with it. On and On and On is probably the best ender to Wilco album since Dreamer in My Dreams, the opener Either Way is the perfect theme-setter, and Impossible Germany could be the best thing these guys have ever done. Toss in Hate it Here, Leave Me Like You Found Me and the awesome Walken and you got a near classic set. Is there a downside? Well, is the Pope Catholic? So Please Be Patient With Me isn't great (Jeff, we have wusses aplenty in music. Don't become a card-carrying member). But one song on an otherwise very-worthy accomplishment? Do the math, folks. Get this before the cynics drown out the compliments this deserves!",0,0,"May 17, 2007"
10,"Taken on its own terms this CD is a masterpiece. After reading some reviews from 'experts' it seems that Wilco must continue on its path of musical deconstruction in order to be relevant. I disagree. Sky Blue Sky is not to be judged on anyone's expectations of what a Wilco album is supposed to sound like. Take it on its own terms and enjoy Tweedy's vocals which are the best of any frontman in rock today. Enjoy listening to a band. That's right, a band. Not a producer or engineer. Not only does that make me think this is a sort of throwback album; but when was the last time you played a CD and enjoyed the whole thing. Save for Love and Theft by Bob Dylan I can't think of the last time I enjoyed a CD so thoroughly.",0,0,"May 17, 2007"
10,"I admit, I didn't quite expect this. After listening to the whole album 6-7 times, I can't get it out of my head. This is not the album that I was waiting for, but maby it should have been. I love it.",0,0,"May 18, 2007"
10,"2nd best Wilco album, afterYHF.",0,0,"May 18, 2007"
8,"It is rather pathetic how some wilco 'fans' have easiliy dismissed this album solely because of its 'failure' to go further down the path of experimentation...whatever that is!? Yes, I too, was initially disappointed by this more slick approach, but repeated listens really open up these songs in quite a magnificent way. Side with the seeds; Impossible Germany and Walken rate among their very best songs ever...the last minute and a half of the latter is a breathtaking display of true guitar interplay brilliance.",0,0,"May 18, 2007"
7,"It's like mixing all of your favorite flavors of ice cream - but serving them warm. Tweedy seems most honest when his lyrics are delving into frustration, desperation, and chaos. This CD seems to be a collection of lullabys, by comparison. That being said, it's worth a listen. I'm sure that we will all be crooning along with Tweedy at the next concert where, hopefully, all of the audience will stay off of the stage!",0,0,"May 18, 2007"
2,"I was pretty disappointed in this album. After 'A Ghost is Born,' I was ready for a more straight-forward Wilco disc, so I was braced for the simplicity of 'Sky Blue Sky,' but I wasn't prepared for Tweedy to write such a bland, uninspired set of songs. This album never takes off, never really presents any hooks or even many interesting melodic ideas to hang onto, it's just lazy classic rock.",0,0,"May 19, 2007"
8,"While not as overall impressed with it as A Ghost Is Born, which I now consider their peak, I must say that this is definitely a fantastic album. I really love how loose it sounds and how it often feels like a band just having a great time jamming out. The guitar solos in particular are all well played and inventive. Wilco continues to impress as one of the best American bands of our time, and all time.",0,0,"May 21, 2007"
10,"Just a simply beautiful album",0,0,"May 21, 2007"
8,"Took me a while to warm up to this, but I've been pleasantly surprised. Add another consistently good album and more importantly another great dimension to the band's discography. Check out 'Impossible Germany' if nothing else. On a related note, is it just me or has Pitchfork started to become a parody of itself? The more reviews like the Wilco one the less seriously I can take them.",0,0,"May 20, 2007"
9,"This record offers less instant gratification than past Wilco releases, but it just keeps getting better with repeated listens. As it currently stands, I can't turn the damn thing off. You're hearing a first-rate ensemble playing some simple, yet elegantly crafted songs with great lyrics to boot. This has been the strongest release of 2007 so far.",0,0,"May 20, 2007"
8,"First of all, this CD is not simplistic like some say. The song 'You Are My Face' goes from a Simon And Garfunkel-like melody to a jam back to a Simon And Garfunkel-like melody. Many of the slower songs like 'White Light' feel relaxing instead of boring. Wilco has come up with their own brand of soul. There's a bit too much jamming on the CD and the lyrics aren't quite up to Summerteeth or Yankee Hotel Foxtrot, but this is a great addition to your Wilco collection.",0,0,"May 22, 2007"
10,"Better than the REO Speedwagon of my youth!!",0,0,"May 24, 2007"
4,"It's brutal to even get through this album. Tweedy used to sound like his mind was splitting open. Now he sounds lobotomized. The world doesn't need any more warmed-over 70's FM junk.",0,0,"May 24, 2007"
8,"This is the kind of album I love to play on a Sunday afternoon cruising by the beach. Seems like Tweedy is really starting to move past the demons and addiction that were main themes of YHF and AGIB. Doesn't take much artistic risk, but they're good solid chops.",0,0,"May 25, 2007"
10,"I can't stop listening to it, its simply a great album. Its such a summer time album. Makes me want to sit out on a deck somewhere and just chat with old friends.",0,0,"May 26, 2007"
8,"It's no Yankee Hotel, but Sky Blue Sky is the best thing Wilco has put out since. Amazing in it's crafted simplicity, this CD is banking on catching you just with the music. No bullshit experimentation, no adventerous 11 minute songs, not to say that I'm no a whole hearted fan of these things, but everyone needs a break.",0,0,"May 27, 2007"
7,"Great album. Who says every album needs to be some experimental ground-breaker? Just a great album of great tunes.",0,0,"May 29, 2007"
10,"A set of beautiful songs. What more could one ask for? Each Wilco album stand-alone suite and this one stands just as well as the others.",0,0,"May 29, 2007"
1,"Quite possibly the blandest thing ever put to tape.",0,0,"May 31, 2007"
4,"Not good, not great, and not close to either. This album is so simplistic, it deserves simple criticism: boring. Sorry, but as a huge Wilco fan since AM, there is no need to convince yourself this is good. The band is allowed one misstep after so many brilliant albums. Let's just hope that is all it is.",0,0,"May 31, 2007"
8,"Bought it last week, now I'm having problems taking it out of the CD player. On first listen it sounded a little mundane, by the third go around it was magic. Tweedy really is an artist with real vision, and the band is loose and tight at the same time, how do they do that?",0,0,"Jun 14, 2007"
8,"This record falls in line with all of Wilco's records. Sure, it might not be as great top-to-bottom as Being There or Yankee Hotel Foxtrot, but it's further proof that Jeff Tweedy is likely the most important artist of our time. If you've written this record off after a few listens, you MUST return to it. This record, though seeming simple, is very complex and takes time. Another great output from an artist who's beginning to enter the ranks of artists such as Dylan and Springsteen.",0,0,"Jun 18, 2007"
8,"Pretty ridiculous all of the poor reviews...why does music have to be 'experimental' or 'groundbreaking'. Tweedy made it very clear that he just wanted this album to be a collection of straightforward tunes (watch the documentary that comes with the disc), and it is a superb collection of just that, great tunes.",0,0,"Jun 18, 2007"
10,"Brilliant songwriting, Brilliant musicianship. There best to date and I have them all. Dont' believe the bad reviews, it's from people who think Revolution #9 is genius.",0,0,"Jun 19, 2007"
7,"Can be pretty classic stuff when they gather some energy. Unfortunately, this doesn't happen often.",0,0,"Jun 21, 2007"
9,"If you hate this album, so be it, but don't do so because the lyrics, or music is 'bland'. The lyrics aren't as postmodern or flashy as the previous albums, but instead, like some of Roger Waters' best lyrics, they're clear, economical, and hold a far more substantial beauty. 'Something in my veins bloodier than blood' has got nothing on 'Mysteries we believe in, not dreamed enough to be true'. And try looking up the complex chord changes to these songs and play them on a piano sometime and see how 'easy listening' the music is.",0,0,"Jun 20, 2007"
8,"Tweedy Singing and Nels Kiline on guitar! It's like I finally have some 70's style artists to worship in my lifetime. This album may be a grower for some but the complicated simplicity of this album is what will make this, and all other Wilco/Tweedy work, stand the test of time. There is no Best Wilco Album, it's all about the amazing quality album after album that no other band has given to this generation.",0,0,"Jun 26, 2007"
10,"Further evidence of pitchfork media's doubtful value (they gave this a 52) as a critical resource. This album, if put on a graph would show Wilco continues to climb to heights of artistic importance and quality rarely fantasized about by better known, better rated bands. Easily a top 5 2007 release, easily a top 3 Wilco disc.",0,0,"Jun 28, 2007"
9,"sounds like what a john lennon solo album would've sounded like if he never met yoko.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2007"
9,"Lyrically smart and musically inventive even though it sticks to the basics - yes, that sounds contradictory but that's the only way I can think to describe this album. Listening to it is a treat and although it feels different from all of the others...when have any of the others ever felt like on of their siblings? Listen to it with headphones and minimum distractions to catch the intricacies and the inherent beauty - you won't be disappointed.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2007"
7,"Its a nice album, but everytime I listen, I'm left longing for a few punchy Wilco songs to bring us out of the wallow. One shouldn't be able to play a Wilco album in full at the dinner table. The album is definitely missing some offensive sounds and clammer that would ruin a dignified dinner party.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2007"
10,"After two very experimental albums this was a perfect fit for the band who will never compromise their sound for the masses needs. Beautiful album.",0,0,"Jul 14, 2007"
9,"This is a logical step for a band that never compromises or worries about meeting anyone's expectations but their own. I can't wait to see what they have planned next.",0,0,"Jul 30, 2007"
10,"a masterpiece. not absorbed in 1-2 listens. *****",0,0,"Jul  5, 2007"
5,"So disappointed, I've listened to it over and over hoping it would sink in like the last 3 albums but it just didn't do it for me. Boring, cheesy, not creative in the least bit. The last two albums were timeless and I'm being generous by giving it a 5 because of how much I love those last 2 or 3 albums.",0,0,"Jul  8, 2007"
10,"I really liked this album when I first got it but after seeing WILCO perform just about the entire album live outdoors under a full Vermont summer solstice moon in June I became a true believer. I have all previous WILCO efforts but this one is the best! Nels Cline is a great addition to the band and takes their sound away from country towards rock. All songs performed live were even better than the recordings, and the energy in 'Shake it Off' and 'Hate it Here' played live made me appreciate these tunes even more on the album. Best album of the year.....to date!",0,0,"Aug  5, 2007"
10,"Amazing guitar creativity, easy listening, thumbs up.",0,0,"Sep 14, 2007"
10,"I have owned this album since it's release date. Ws very disappointed at first listen. Appreciated it much more, and fell in love with a couple of the songs about a week after having it. Months have passed since, and I picked it up again because I was about to see them live. Not only has this become my favorite Wilco album, there is something about it, and where I have been in my life lately, that it has now officially become my favorite album of all time. If there is anyone who is at a rough place in life, I really suggest this record to make you feel better. So much understanding, and enlightenment, with just the right touch of rage to fill ones soul. I can't get over how incredibly beautiful, and stong the simplistic lyrics to 'On and On and On. A song that really makes me happy to have experienced life, no matter what hells I have reached in my journey. It gives me hope for a life that will make it's mark be known. And 'What Light' has such a Lennon quality that really allows you to celebrate the good inside us all that we fail to recognize because we find ourselves distracted with society, and lose sight of what is important: our own hearts and souls and feelings!",0,0,"Sep 25, 2007"
9,"Great album. I keep playing the 5 first songs over and over. Circadian Rhythm (?) is pure gold. The previous album was great too, but this one is more relaxed and diverse.",0,0,"Mar 30, 2007"
10,"Farrar and company add some new instruments and technique to their signature sound to great effect without coming off as experimental or forced. The same great songwriting and familiar voice remain. Great album.",0,0,"Mar  5, 2007"
10,"Excellent album! The best Son Volt record since Straightaways, and it's as good as that, just in a different way. I didn't think it would be this good after the spotty Okemah, but it's really a great record. Highways and Cigarettes, the Picture and Methamphetamine are all classics.",0,0,"Mar  7, 2007"
10,"Best since Trace. 'Mthamphetamine' and 'Underground Dream' are classic alt-country songs.",0,0,"Apr 16, 2007"
9,"I listened to it in the store. I thought it sounded awesome with just samples of each song listened to. Definately on my list of things to buy. After I own it, my opinion my rating could very well go up.",0,0,"Apr  6, 2007"
10,"One of Son Volt's best albums!",0,0,"Mar 10, 2007"
10,"downright phenomenal. Farrar keeps proving himself to be one of the greatest songwriters of our generation.",0,0,"Mar 10, 2007"
9,"Very good album! I would give it an 8 normally but I pushed it up to a nine because it was great to hear Son Volt (Jay) stretching out a bit. It's very consistent, although for me, ther wasn't anything that quite reaches the heights of Bandages and Scars or Atmosphere from Okemah.",0,0,"Mar 16, 2007"
10,"Incredible. 'Highways and cigarettes' is the most hauntingly beautiful song I have heard in years.",0,0,"Mar 18, 2007"
10,"This is the record I was waiting for. I liked Okema but it was a little one-dimensional. This seems to have a breadth that has been lacking since Trace. At one point during (I think) satellite, I was equally shocked and amazed - is this Son Volt????? Awesome. And Methamphetamine - is there anyone who does this genre better? Now if only they'd play Bonnaroo again this year....",0,0,"Mar  8, 2007"
10,"Best album Jay Farrar has created yet!!",0,0,"Mar 20, 2007"
10,"Awsome! Jay has done it again",0,0,"Mar  6, 2007"
9,"A fabulous album that sees the band switching it up as much as thay (I mean 'he') did in Straightaways. Methamphetamine may be the next 'Left a slide.'",0,0,"Mar 19, 2007"
8,"The distinctive female backing vocals that appear throughout 'The Letting Go' seem to have split opinion amongst fans. They are quite dominant at times with Will happy to drop into the background occassionally. I can see why this would upset some but I think it adds to this album's appeal - the songs are quite restrained and gentle and benefit from the extra vocals and atmospheric instrumental passages. I'm not sure this is a Will Oldham classic, it's missing a little variety perhaps, and the album gets a bit sleepy towards the end (although it redeems itself with the excellent 'I called You Back'). The only complete misfire for me is 'The Seedling' - most people seem to love this track but after listening to it about 10 times now I still can't warm to it. Oh, and I agree that the backing vocals are awful on this track (unless they are meant to be intentionally funny!)",0,0,"Oct  9, 2006"
6,"All the stars seem to perfectly align on",0,0,"Oct 20, 2006"
4,"Boring and very flowery, in a bad way. I'm going to the renaissance festival today and expect to hear music not much less engaging than this. I loved the Superwolf Collab. and I See A Darkness but this release just has no pulse.",0,0,"Oct  1, 2006"
9,"Fucking great.",0,0,"Oct 24, 2006"
10,"back in form and - let's face - hardly anyone can touch this man when in form logical progression from Master & Everyone which was also delicious",0,0,"Oct 27, 2006"
10,"Beautiful, but don't expect a tidy folk album. This album aches, just like the heart does.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2006"
9,"Hypnotic and special. But this is coming from someone who thinks Mr. Oldham can do no wrong.",0,0,"Sep 19, 2006"
10,"Perfect.",0,0,"Sep 20, 2006"
10,"Another perfect album. Beautifully crafted and some amazing lyrics, but thats what we come to expect.",0,0,"Sep 22, 2006"
9,"Beautiful songs. Complex and mysterious lyrics. But some of Oldham's singing is on the rough and pitchy side. Overall, amazing.",0,0,"Sep 25, 2006"
10,"Luminous and lethargic, ecstatic and fairy.",0,0,"Sep 26, 2006"
10,"silly to rank, but whatever it is that this guy does so beautifully, he does it again here. We go with him to that place.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2006"
8,"Will Oldham, aka Bonnie 'Prince' Billy, can thank the fickle winds of Indie fashion that he has a long pedigree for producing the sort of music that is currently in much demand. It also happens to be one of his best albums. 'Cursed Sleep' is a standout.",0,0,"Dec 19, 2006"
9,"Much fuller, richer sound than on previous Oldham albums. Not as accessible because it takes longer to get through all of the layers, but it rewards those who stick with it.",0,0,"Oct  2, 2006"
5,"I think Will Oldhams persona (this 'wild man in the woods'-shtick) is beginning to wear a bit thin...in my mind he peaked with the magnificent I see a Darkness - this is just a minor rerun with added strings and that horrible backing singer, who certainly does her best at making the music obtrusive in an almost comical way...",0,0,"Dec  4, 2006"
9,"For me, there are four Bonny Prince Billy.classics - you can call them 'classics' even now: 'I See A Darkness', 'Ease Down The Road', 'Master and Everyone', and now 'The Letting Go'. How can such dark songs have this uplifting quality, well, I still have to find out!",0,0,"Sep 28, 2006"
10,"just beautiful",0,0,"Dec 22, 2006"
7,"Bonnie 'Prince' Billy (Will Oldham) isn't for everybody. But I think anyone can like at least something by him. 'Lay & Love' and 'Strange Form of Life' are highlights for me. A very quiet album.",0,0,"Aug  6, 2011"
9,"incredible, like all that they do",0,0,"Aug 21, 2006"
9,"Transcendent and worthy of their fantastic cataluge. One of the better records of 2006 as a whole.",0,0,"Aug 23, 2006"
10,"Now I have to buy all the music Lambchop made after 'How I Quit Smoking'. 'Beers Before the Barbican' is pretty great; so is 'Crackers'. No, not great. Brilliant. Smog is great. Kurt Wagner is a little better, with the exception of 'Dress Sexy at my Funeral'. I write songs and 'Damaged' gives me a massive inferiority complex. This is a really great album. I mean brilliant. It's 'If You're Feeling Sinister'-brilliant.",0,0,"Aug 25, 2006"
10,"As consistantly brilliant and beautiful as 'How I Quit Smoking,' which is saying quite a lot. It's the best record I've heard this year.",0,0,"Aug 27, 2006"
8,"their last double album whammy was a disappointment to me, but now the mighty kurt wagner is back with some of the most consistent, thorough and refined songwriting of his career. The man is a poetic visionary who deserves all the credit in the world! Not as melodically entrancing as Nixon but that's a minor quibble...",0,0,"Aug 28, 2006"
6,"like many critics pointed out, it's lyrically briliant yet it's ac arrangements make it alarmingly dull at times.",0,0,"Sep  2, 2006"
9,"Soothing and mysterious. The kind of music you'd want to spin after a hard day's work.",0,0,"Sep  4, 2006"
4,"This cd is not nearly as good as their stellar releases 'Down by the Old Mainstream' and 'Weird Tales.' Jeff Tweedy's input is sadly lacking on this release (was he too busy?), and as a result it seems like a Gary Louris' solo effort, and a mediocre one at that. Here's what I would do: remove about half of the less-than-great songs and add a few great Tweedy numbers. Sorry, these guys can do much, much better. Buy the two GS cds mentioned earlier, any Jayhawks cd, or any Wilco cd pre-'Ghost' to experience their true talent.",0,0,"Aug  4, 2006"
0,"Soul Asylum? Jayhawks? Big Star? Holy crap is it still 1991 and nobody told me??",0,0,"Jul 30, 2006"
10,"A completely satisfying feel-good album. I picked up this album because of Gary Louris's work with The Jayhawks, and I was not disappointed. A nice surprise all around. Don't take my word for it - go give it a listen yourself. (Sorry if this review seems so dippy; I just not used to being so blown away by a new album :) ).",0,0,"Aug  6, 2006"
7,"Whilst the songs lack the immediate impact of the Jayhawks this remains a quality set of contemporary country rock.",0,0,"Apr  7, 2009"
6,"Has a few great moments in the middle of the CD, and some of the rocking numbers sound good, if not memorable. But the CD is unfocused. It seems like they're trying too hard for each member to get in his individual style. Grade: B-.",0,0,"Jul 21, 2006"
7,"Good stuff all around, but the Tweedy/Louris penned 'Long Time Ago' really stands out. Tweedy is starting to look like an eagle amongst turkeys. He needs to fly away and go craft his next Wilco masterwork.",0,0,"Jul 24, 2006"
10,"Dude, these guys are ballers. Dime piece!",0,0,"Apr 29, 2007"
8,"personally, i like blacklisted better but i can tell that this album has a lot of lyrical depth to it. with that in mind, ask me what my rating is in a few months. regardless, NO album will ever do neko's live show justice - she is absolutely breathtaking.",0,0,"Mar 30, 2006"
10,"Beautiful in every sense of the word. A true masterpiece.",0,0,"Mar  7, 2006"
8,"I Love Neko Case! I just caught her live and she is spectacular in that setting. The new album Fox Confessor is really good but not a classic as Blacklisted surely is. Her vox is a wonder of the world though.",0,0,"Apr  4, 2006"
10,"Fox Confessor is a modern classic. The songs that don't hit you at first will reveal, after repeated listens, the genius of Neko's songwriting.",0,0,"Feb 17, 2007"
10,"OMG! This is so incredibly good i can't stand it!",0,0,"Mar 10, 2006"
9,"Wow! I'm mightily impressed by the talents of Ms Case. The obvious thing is her remarkable voice which lends the music drama, urgency and passion in turns, but the real stunning thing about this album is the sublety of the melodies. They are anything but ordinary - rather they possess a rare kind of intuitive grace that is seldom experienced in modern music.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2006"
10,"Mesmerizing. Only complaint is that it's too short. I could hear that voice for hours at a time.",0,0,"Mar  7, 2006"
9,"A wonderfully listless psychological meditation on love lost (and sometimes found). The best record of 2006 so far.",0,0,"Mar  7, 2006"
10,"Neko Case at her countrified best. A brilliant album from start to finish that sounds slightly more alt than country when compared with her earlier work.",0,0,"Mar  8, 2006"
9,"An artfully recorded record destined to be compromise by this age's love of the digital medium. A rare masterwork requiring analogue's sonic superiority to experience this record's atmospheric depths to its fullest. Lyrically Ms. Case has few peers. One only needs to listen to Track #7 -- John Saw That Number -- a 18th C. spiritual to be immediately confronted by an overwhelming power rare in today's nihilistic musical culture. Track #2 -- Hold On Hold On -- harkens back to the classic three-minute pop of The Mamas and the Papas, offering an entry point for a whole new audience into the lush, arcane universe of Neko Case. 'With this album,' Neko Case reflected on this record, 'I wanted to try and figure out how fairy tales were born.' Ignore her inspiring work at your own peril.",0,0,"Mar  8, 2006"
10,"Best album of 2006 so far. She's always had the voice, but she's never had a batch of songs this strong before. If a better record comes out this year, we're all in for a treat.",0,0,"Mar  8, 2006"
10,"Great CD, may be even better than Blacklisted. Can't wait to here her live!",0,0,"Mar  9, 2006"
9,"See Her LIVE if she comes to your town. AMAZING. Fox Confessor is not shabby either",0,0,"Apr  2, 2006"
9,"Beautiful. I'm not even a huge country fan, and I love this stuff. Check out 'maybe sparrow' or 'teenage feeling', in addition to the single 'star witness'",0,0,"May 31, 2006"
9,"Beautiful tunes with a great voice",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
9,"Another case of Rolling Stone missing the point by a mile. The 'David Lynch-like lyrics' can be attributed to Case's fixation on reimagining foreign fairy tales (Cokemachineglow's review delves into that more than I am able to). I hate country music, but I love alterative country; I'll put on that last Loretta Lynn album or a Drive-By Truckers over Toby Keith any day. It's hard to hate this album because there is so much to love about it.",0,0,"Jun 28, 2006"
10,"excellent!!!!!",0,0,"Jul  3, 2006"
10,"Neko's voice is stunning. The way it glides reminds me of... snowboarding. I also love the abstract nature of her lyrics. It's a great contrast to the sometimes overly literal lyrics of pop country. One of the best albums of 2006.",0,0,"Jan  6, 2007"
10,"I am seriously infatuated with this album...if not obsessed!",0,0,"Mar 19, 2006"
10,"Incredible lyrics, an unmatched voice and talent in music today.",0,0,"Mar 21, 2006"
5,"some songs are pretty good (maybe sparrow, star witness). others are boooooring (most of the rest)",0,0,"Mar 31, 2006"
9,"Nothing compares to Neko's passion and grace that comes across in her voice. 'Star Witness' and 'A Widow's Toast' are a couple of the highlights on a very strong solo-album. The New Pornographers should count their blessings that they have such a talented gal to play with.",0,0,"Mar  6, 2006"
9,"Expanding on the cryptic themes of Blacklisted, Neko Case's Fox Confessor Brings the Flood is an emotionally arresting piece of work. Elements of rockabilly, gospel, and folk perfectly weave together to establish the album's deliciously intoxicating mood ('That Teenage Feeling' and 'Lion's Jaw'). Neko subverts traditional song structure and production, and it works because her indelible, unmistakable voice holds each of the tracks together. Fox Confessor is a damn good record.",0,0,"Mar  6, 2006"
10,"Album of the year. Noone else is making music like this, a labor of love from the first note to the last. A total antidote to the packaged, bland, corporate crap that dominates the airwaves these days. This is real music, made by real musicians who are peerless in their talents. Do yourself a favor and listen to this quietly for a week.",0,0,"Mar  8, 2006"
8,"This album sounds like a dressed-up Blacklisted. It's got some dark, brooding country-gothic in it, however, 'Star Witness' and 'That Teenage Feelin'' let in more 50s sunshine than anything on Blacklisted. Which works.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2006"
10,"This album just grows in stature every time I listen to it. Gorgeous vocals, lovely arrangements and challenging, unpredicatble lyrics that keep you thinking at every turn. Best thing I've heard this year. It is a fairly sshort album, but there's no filler to be found. An improvement on Blacklisted, if that's possible.",0,0,"Apr 26, 2006"
4,"I love Neko's work with the New Pornographers, and like a lot of other alt-country artists, Lucinda Williams, so given that and the great reviews this album has garnered, I find myself shocked how little I like this ablum... Don't by the other posters praising this albums emotionalism...I find it very cold and distant, and musically outside of the overdubbed vocals on Star Witness, which are gorgeous, and moments of Hold On, nothing here engages me. And there's a weird, I don't know, almost maybe David Lynch-like bizarreness to some of the lyrics...maybe this is just the way Neko does it on her own...if so, I'll wait for the next NP",0,0,"May  3, 2006"
10,"Neko Case has the clearest voice in 2006 music. 'Fox' is a lovely, sorta wacko, alt-country masterpiece. It's sort of like stepping back in time to heart Pasty Cline singing cutting-edge alt.",0,0,"Sep 14, 2006"
10,"Beautiful.",0,0,"Jan 10, 2007"
10,"played the record again this weekend after not having listened to it for a while, was again struck by the sheer gorgeousness of this album. possibly the best album of 2006 (though i struggle to think of an album that could match this in 2006) Catch her live if you can, it will be magic.",0,0,"Apr 16, 2007"
9,"'Hold On, Hold On' and 'Needle Has Landed' are among the most beautiful songs of 2006. She might not have quite the same cult appeal of some other alt.country female artists to have emerged in recent years, like Martha Wainright's (2005) 'Bloody Mother F..king Asshole' (my Finnish house-mate is a fan), or the more obscure Joanna Newsom. But Neko Case is producing some of the best music of the genre. Interesting to note that a fellow New Pornographers member Daniel Bejar also has a successful solo career with his band Destroyer - something I have only just discovered.",0,0,"Dec 18, 2006"
10,"Neko has the ability to put all the beauty and grotesqueness of living into one album, one breathe. That voice is from some undiscovered dimension and I'll follow her there or anywhere she wants.",0,0,"Mar 13, 2006"
10,"Thanks to MTV and ClearChannel, an artist with talent like Neko Case gets mostly ignored by the masses, while that weak-ass, generic, formulaic punk/pop crap gets hyped up to near unbelievable levels. While they whine and bitch like 15-year-olds, Neko makes *real* emotional music.",0,0,"Apr 17, 2006"
8,"1- Amazing voice. 2- Beautiful Music 3- Strange Cover",0,0,"Sep 29, 2006"
9,"'Star Witness' is top shelf, along with 'John Saw that Number'. There isn't a bad song on this record. I would say it's probably her best, but I know most wouldn't agree. Different from Blacklisted and sort of points in the direction of Middle Cyclone. Worth it.",0,0,"Aug  6, 2011"
8,"I like this a lot more than the last 97's album too. I like Singular Girl at least as much here, and you can't blame him for rerecording 'Question' which should be a hit somewhere. Put him in the long tradition of artists like Matthew Sweet, Marshall Crenshaw and The DB's who put out perfect pop songs and will never make it on the radio. What's wrong with this world?",0,0,"Apr  8, 2006"
9,"This album, like The Instigator is the kind that makes you wish you were a sad, out of love pop singer. Yeah, the songs are safe, but why does an album need to be always need to push some new button, or for that matter, change in sound and content from the last work. These are great songs written by an artist that I hope will continue coming out with solo stuff. I really enjoy the Old 97s, but to be honest, I enjoy fight songs and Satellite Rides more than any of the twangy albums. This is RM's chance to continue where Old 97s left off before they back peddled on their last album (not that I don't enjoy it). Finally, I do believe that Rhett Miller is headed more on the right path to making the perfect pop album than Rivers Cuomo could ever hope. Keep it up!",0,0,"Mar  2, 2006"
10,"This guy is a master songwriter! It amazes me that he's not bigger than he is in terms of public recognition.",0,0,"Mar  3, 2006"
7,"If I wasn't an Old 97's completist I don't think I'd even give Rhett Miller's solo stuff much of a chance but this album, which doesn't sound that different from his last one, is pleasant enough not to offend and catchy enough to stick around. I guess I like it but more than anything it just makes me miss the Old 97's and the Rhett Miller who wrote songs like Bel Air and Timebomb.",0,0,"Feb 28, 2006"
9,"A catchy,sometimes thrilling album that grows with repeated listening.",0,0,"Mar 24, 2006"
9,"Less rocky than the last album, and more alt-country - but just as satisfying. Lots of good, basic song structure here.",0,0,"Mar  7, 2006"
8,"Better than the Old 97s Drag it Up or the 1st Rhett Miller solo The Instigator. This one continues the evolution from alt country to power pop though the re-recording of Singular Girl is actually twangier than the Satellite Rides outtake - and Question is inferior to the all acoustic original.",0,0,"Apr  4, 2006"
9,"Rhett Miller understands how to write catchy songs that get better with repeated listens. I can't understand the low ratings. To me it is one of the top five recordings of 2006. Having said that I still prefer the Old 97's.",0,0,"May 19, 2006"
10,"I've been looking for 'Slow Down' forever. They used to play it all the time on KBGA, but it wasn't on Tarkio's old discs. Of course my rating is based on old memories in Missoula as well as the new disc and is a bit biased.",0,0,"Feb  2, 2007"
10,"Love it.",0,0,"Nov 16, 2006"
5,"A smattering of good songs, a handful of okay songs, and even more forgettable ones. I got this CD because I do consider myself a Colin Meloy-completist, so I like to have everything the man has ever done...and for good reason. Even back in the day, Meloy was a brilliantly melodic and sophisticated songwriter, even within the constraints of the 'college rock' and 'jangle pop' sound that Tarkio explored. The melodies are a bit more meandering here and less catchy than The Decemberists and the lyrics are a lot more standard-issue mid-90's, college guy-type stuff instead of the more narrative tales of his later stuff. There are literally like only 2 or 3 songs that get stuck in your head (not good considering how immediately catchy and essential Decemberists songs are), then you totally forget about it and never really have the desire to listen to it again. I recommend listening to it all the way through at least once if you are already a fan (you won't be dissapointed) just don't expect to hear anything that's really gonna grab you by the throat. Plus, the songs are WAAY too long.",0,0,"Mar 19, 2007"
10,"lyrically amazing. brilliant.",1,1,"Apr 18, 2007"
10,"You can judge this album in many ways, but go lie on your bed, at 2.30 in the morning, turn off your light, and just listen. you will then hear the brilliance",1,1,"May 12, 2007"
3,"Of three of his 2005 albums; this one is by far the weakest. It is also his weakest album to date. I am a big fan of Ryan Adams music, but this release isn't anywhere near being good. The main fault of this album are the songs themselves. The songs keep going and going and going to nowhere in particular. It doesn't add up to anything very interesting in the end. Pass this one if you haven't got his other albums.",0,1,"Dec 25, 2005"
10,"AMAZING! every song is pure songwriting genious. if ya havent bought all 8 of his albums you need to. you will not be dissapointed! BUT 29 TODAY!",0,0,"Dec 20, 2005"
10,"Completing the trillogy of '05 masterpeices with a somber kind of lullaby. Sad and beautiful at the same time as being incredible delicate. It all depends on how you handle it",0,0,"Jan  6, 2006"
10,"i love him",0,0,"Feb 10, 2006"
8,"I think Ryan deserves a lot of respect for showing he has the balls to put albums like Rock N Roll, Jacksonville..., and now 29. The casual fans are mad as hell right now, but for the rest of us, this record is a few decent tracks set next to 5-6 outstanding ones. 'Strawberry Wine' and 'Nightbirds' in particular are two of Ryan's best, period -- sure, he hasn't settled on one sound, but that's the exact reason why we all get excited each time a new record is released, all the better. The man does his job well.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2006"
10,"best written album since 'master and everyone'",0,0,"Dec 20, 2005"
10,"Ryan's best release of his threefold this year. Night Birds alone is worth the admission of the cd, oen of his best songs ever... other standouts: the lyrically very strong Carolina Rain and Blue Sky Blues (what a voice!)... An intimate masterpiece, better as Cold Roses, more coherent as Jacksonville City Nights",0,0,"Jan  1, 2006"
10,"I've not been a fan of his other stuff, but this album really spoke to me. If you're in your 20's, if you're meloncholy, if you've almost died once or twice, if you like his darker stuff, you'll probably like this album. It's not fast-paced and it's not easy to listen to...thank god.",0,0,"Jan  2, 2006"
9,"Adam's best album this year. WARNING, explore the rest of the album first before listening to the title track. '29' really belongs on 'Rock & Roll' and this album could have been named 'Love is Hell Part 3' (or 'I'm as Depressed as Hell Part 1').",0,0,"Jan  6, 2006"
7,"Lyrically, its symbolism is engaging and as always, the words are strong and penetrating but the album seems unbalance by an overarching darkness that is hard to bear in the apparent abscence of hope. Overall: worthwhile, but hopeless...",0,0,"Feb 18, 2006"
8,"Why this album is underrated? It's often great music, intimate and honest, not so good as love is hell 1 & 2, but definitely close",0,0,"Feb  3, 2006"
8,"These tunes are beautiful. His friend Elton hasn't written stuff as good as this in ages.",0,0,"Jul 30, 2006"
9,"This album will put you under, but it will do it so sweetly. Great evening music when the mood is just right. Love 'Nightbirds', just a perfectly classy track to indulge in. I think the critics should get off his back, i own everything he's put out, and who cares if it all sounds different, if you want to hear the same thing again and again go and buy some ACDC. So light a cigar, grab some booze, and get all melancholy with 29!!",0,0,"Sep 21, 2006"
9,"one of the best albums I have heard in years. Every cut makes a visual movie in your mind. Not for the faint of heart but for those who can stand to see a human stripped of his skin, a moving set of stories.",0,0,"Apr  6, 2007"
10,"I don't understand critics. But then again, critics didn't understand Zeppelin, Young, or the Replacements until way past their prime.",0,0,"Dec 20, 2005"
10,"His best work since heartbreaker. People will look back on this album a year from now and wonder why it didnt get the respect that it demanded. Truly Brilliant.",0,0,"Jan 18, 2006"
9,"have to admit i prefer both his other releases this year... but this has two of the most stunning tracks he's ever done Night Birds and Blue Sky Blues",0,0,"Jan 31, 2006"
8,"If you're expecting more Cold Roses or JCN sound, don't be deceived by the opening track. Since the 3 albums he released in '05 were recorded in reverse order, this album falls on the heels of 'Love Is Hell'. Moody, sad, sober but songs like 'Starlite Diner' and 'Elizabeth' are amazing. Not quite up there with Cold Roses, but then what is?",0,0,"Dec 17, 2005"
7,"This a difficult album to rate. It is quite a compelling and intimate album with strangely beautiful passages. Somehow though adams cannot disguise the fact that some of these songs are so-and-so..no wonder when you keep in mind his megalomaniac output in 2005!",0,0,"Dec 22, 2005"
10,"I guess that Ryan Adams is an acquired taste. Some reviewers do not appreciate his genius. Remember what Nietzsche said - 'All of life is a dispute over taste and tasting.' I love to listen to Ryan Adams. Some of his songs are great, some are good - but that is relative. Even his good songs are much better than most of the music that others right. This CD will appeal to those who have a taste for Ryan Adams. He sings poignantly about his 20s. I understand and he reaches me. And that is good enough.",0,0,"Dec 22, 2005"
8,"not nearly as polished as his other 2005 albums. Apart from `The Sadness`, which is trully awful, the songs are sort of vague and elusive, but also, now and again, very beautiful. Its warm and easy, intriguing and enjoyable. The more mature, meaasured sequel to `Love is Hell`.",0,0,"Dec 23, 2005"
9,"Brilliant. Some moments are absolutely heartbreaking",0,0,"Dec 23, 2005"
10,"Ryan Adams has had an amazing year (lucky for us). After the wonderful Cold Roses and the terrific Jacksonville City Nights he brings us this. Seriously worth it just for Blue Sky Blues. He is making the best music of his career.",0,0,"Dec 24, 2005"
6,"I've admired all of ryan's works for quite some time with the exception of some crap. I honestly thought with the opening track (29) their was light, which is what we needed but sadely realised were the rest of the tracks. (sorry man, can't fuck with it)",0,0,"Dec 28, 2005"
10,"This is a BEAUTIFUL release. It is by far the best realease by him this year. He goes back to playing music at his best, when he is playing by himself. Him playing solo just brings out his lyrics so much more.",0,0,"Jan 18, 2006"
6,"The most self-indulgent of the three Adams released in 2005; it is redeemed by the standout track Carolina Rain which has gotten ample 'endless repeat' play.",0,0,"Jan 28, 2006"
10,"Ryan at his best. The best song writer of our time.",0,0,"Feb 14, 2006"
9,"I've tried to get into Ryan Adams in the past without much success, but this album is amazing! If this is supposed to be the worst of his three 2005 albums, I can't wait to hear the other two.",0,0,"Feb 21, 2006"
9,"Rivals Cold Roses as Ryan's best album of 2005. A very intimate, personal portrayal of events within his own life, as well as very detailed and intriging storysongs. All describing life in his 20s.",0,0,"Dec 24, 2005"
9,"This is where he may have peaked. Great selection of songs, all blending well with one another. Complete record from head to toe. Moody, atmospheric, it almost reminds me of a Neil Young album. Say, After the Gold Rush. I don't know. I love both.",0,0,"Aug  6, 2011"
9,"Amazing. Rivaling for my favorite of his. It's a wreckless, romantic, beautiful record that no one else could pull off except for Ryan.",0,0,"Sep 30, 2005"
0,"This record seems contrived and forced.",0,0,"Sep 30, 2005"
10,"my favorite ryan adams CD to date. Beautiful song after beautiful song.... but it does take time for it to mature in your head. Just apply a little patience.",0,0,"Aug 10, 2006"
2,"The best thing i can say about this release is that he's managed to convince the critics that he's made a legitimate, stripped down alt/country record again. This disc has about as much soul as a Toby Keith record, sans the Monday Night Football ethic. Skip this drivel and take a listen to the Tarbox Ramblers or Freakwater.",0,0,"Oct 10, 2005"
8,"I was tempted just to give it a 10 to balance out the other reviews... I can't help but shake my head at Mojo mag -- I think they're critical of anything that doesn't sound like the last Manic Street Preachers last record. Dear John is a great recording, as there are many on this little LP. Unlike Cold Roses, there's really little to fill, unless you consider the track 'Pa' (sorry Mojo) something worthy of an Adams record. Ryan has always had a bit of the melodramatic gene, but it's hard to knock a man and his craft. This is Adams' best record yet -- they get better with age, ya know.",0,0,"Oct 19, 2005"
10,"His best work since Heartbreaker, hands down.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2005"
9,"Solid RA - he is OLD SCHOOL",0,0,"Oct  5, 2005"
9,"This is a very good, almost great album. Ive listened to it several times now and after every listen I find another song to love and that I just cant get out of my head. I think its interesting that many critics proclaimed Adams was a young genius when he first emerged on the alt-country scene with Whiskeytown. They lauded him as the next Bob Dylan, Neil Young, the saviour of American music. Soon after Gold hit the scene many critics began criticizing him ror to closely resembling Bob Dylan, Neil Young, the savior of American music. Sure Adams may have acted like an overblown child at times and perhaps some of his albums are a little long, but you cant deny the fact that Adams has written some great songs throughout his young career and you can find several great songs on Jacksonville City Nights and other songs that are quite good. Its also interesting that so many critics cant review this man's records without taking a personal jab at him. One of the reasons why so many critics are always comparing each and every song Adams sings to (Morrison, Young, Dylan, Orbinson, on and on) is because they dont get it and the only way they can register what he is doing is by comparing him to the past. If you like great tunes with great lyrics done in a country/honky tonk/ punk/ good friggin music style pick this record up and tell the critics to hop back on the runaway train they helped to create. All while Adams was just tryig to write a good tune and live a dream.",0,0,"Sep 29, 2005"
10,"Toby Keith blows.",0,0,"Jan 18, 2006"
10,"Perfect example of mult-genre talent. Perfect voice that puts the album over the top. It does what all good art should do, makes your self reflect. Through the good and the bad. The perfect stepping stone after cold roses. It makes sense.",0,0,"Sep 28, 2006"
9,"Ryan Adams really returns to his roots with this album, producing quality country rock tracks. The biggest downfal is on the ballad 'Dear John' with Nora Jones where their voices never quite mesh, but somehow it works.",0,0,"Nov 11, 2005"
8,"how does he do it? one more to go...",0,0,"Oct 11, 2005"
0,"I really liked Cold Roses. The band collaboration, the songs, a solid, really good album all the way. But this one is just plain bad. A previous reviewer said it best as it really does sound forced and contrived. When one considers some of the great albums he hasn't officially released such as 48 hrs or the Suicide Handbook, this one takes the heap and should have been kept buried.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2005"
8,"After a few weeks of listening I have really come to love this record. It has a great blend of up- tempo numbers and country balads. I don't really understand how people can still think that Ryan Adams is trying to 'convince' anyone. He has changed styles for every record he puts out. Some better than others, but he has proven to me that he doesn't care what critics think anymore. If the music is good then the music is good. There are some truly beautiful songs here, and it is some of his best work. I couldn't believe that moron down below could ever compare Ryan Adams to Toby Keith. To me that is music ignorance. Good point though telling everyone to listen to bands that nobody has heard of, that makes you look like a real hipster. Anyway, this record is fantastic, his best work since Heartbreaker, and I can't wait to hear the next one.",0,0,"Oct 18, 2005"
9,"Another stellar release from the prolific and gifted Adams. People keep complaining about his quantity but like Dylan in the 60s this is unhampered by studio gimmickery - just unadulterated, pure, good gawd honky skronk. Many will never get past Ryan the image, but hey! That's there problem. For me, this is another essential release.",0,0,"Oct  5, 2005"
8,"Why do the critics seem to hate anything this guy does? It's another great record, with maybe one or two misses. I guess some of them just have their heads in their asses. (I'm looking at you, Mojo)",0,0,"Oct  6, 2005"
10,"First country album since Whiskeytown's 'Faithless Street.' The Cardinals have made Adam's a more consistent artist over the last two albums. Can't wait for the third release of the year!",0,0,"Sep 29, 2005"
10,"This album will kick your ass straight into the cold cold ground!",0,0,"Sep 30, 2005"
0,"I agree with the Toby Keith without any (ANY) talent. This record is a real stinker. P-U!!!!",0,0,"Jan 13, 2006"
4,"Really disappointing record. After hearing 'A Kiss Before I Go' live, I was excited for this record. Turns out the studio version of this track is frustratingly tame and the rest of the tracks lack creativity and heart. Cold Roses blows this album away, and this was after hearing Nights first.",0,0,"May 30, 2006"
9,"With time people will realize this is a masterpiece. There may be a few misses ( I agree with Zach L) but on the whole a great seasonal record. Initially I didn't think I liked the record very much but after multiple listens it continues to grow on me with every listen. I love the critics who listen to an album once and think they have a handle on it. The best records are the ones that get better with each addtional listen. The Dear John track with Norah Jones is haunting!",0,0,"Oct 11, 2005"
10,"Toby Keith is awful. He sucks!",0,0,"Nov 15, 2005"
10,"This is a true masterpiece. It is what music is about - the mixing of sounds, influences, and talent to create something that speaks to a particular element of the creative senses. Like his previous work, the whole is, at times, held together by the most tenuous of threads, but that is the brilliance - it takes a feel for the spirit to truly appreciate what is going on here.",0,0,"Nov 15, 2005"
10,"Toby Keith, huh ?!? Hardest Part 'ordinary', do what ?!",0,0,"Nov 16, 2005"
10,"'The End' is pure genious, and probably Adam's strongest tune to date. I would strongly encourage listening to a live performance of this song as well. Also, when you mix this album with its Bonus Tracks (Always On My Mind, Jeane, I Still Miss Someone, September/Alternate, What Sin) it really does rank as his best accomplishment yet.",0,0,"Nov 16, 2005"
6,"The sound and musicianship on this album is great but Adams' songwriting lacks that last spark which could have made this more than just average. Quality control is his weak spot - but I still believe he has at least one great album in him yet...maybe next year!?",0,0,"Nov 29, 2005"
2,"To compare this record to a Toby Keith record is crazy. Toby has more talent in his little finger than Ryan has in his whole sickly body!",0,0,"Nov  3, 2005"
9,"Ironically, the same reviewers that harp on him for performing unoriginal material all sound alike themselves. Do yourself a favor, and listen to this disc (or any, for that matter) without trying to play 'name the influence' and prove how smart you are. When you do that with this disc, do you like what you hear? I do, and if you do too, good for you. If you don't, just go listen to something else.",0,0,"Nov  4, 2005"
10,"A fine country album that'll rattle your nerves.....obviously.",0,0,"Oct 17, 2005"
8,"There are many beautiful tracks on this record. I don't understand why so many people are hung up on the fact that not all the songs are brilliant. I'll take all the Ryan Adams tracks I can get my hands on. Even his weakest stuff is far and above a lot of the garbage out there today. Mainstream musicians have become spoiled with their one album every couple of years. Back in the 50' s and 60's it was standard to put out a couple albums a year. It's good to see a musician with Adams work ethic for a change.",0,0,"Dec 19, 2005"
6,"I've always said that ryan adams should release shorter albums, so they would be more consistent and less filler. However, i've realised why he releases so much stuff, its cos its all good stuff, but unfortunately all his albums except maybe heartbreaker only have about 2 or 3 bonafide tunes on, and on this album they're 'the hardest part', 'kiss before i go' and 'hard way to fall'. I think i prefered 'rock n roll' to this though, overall the country tunes are a bit lame and have no bite like someone like bright eyes. Still love ya ryan!!!!",0,0,"Nov 21, 2005"
9,"A difficult album to listen to without lyrics before you, but after the first shaky performance, one comes to appreciate just how beautiful songs like 'September' and 'Dear John' can be. The upbeat songs, like 'The Hardest Part', to my mind, only keep you listening through the difficult moments of this record. All in all, this record's form, style and cohesion are better than anything since Heartbreaker- although I happened to love Cold Roses.",0,0,"Dec 27, 2005"
7,"Like Cold Roses, some of Ryan Adam's best songs are mixed with a few sub par. Doesn't take away too badly, but it's noticeable. The country western angle fits him perfectly though. 'Dear John' will be a country staple for decades to come.",0,0,"Aug  6, 2011"
8,"This band rules. These CD's don't quite capture how awesome their live shows are, but if you like great Americana, go ahead and pick this up. Some of the catchiest songs ever written.",0,0,"Nov 13, 2005"
9,"I only give this a 9 and not a 10 because i would have like to hear more banter.. Rhett is funny :)",0,0,"Nov 15, 2005"
9,"Are they out of their freaking heads? Where's 'What We Talk About'? Whatever. They're an amazing band with great Americana tunes, and the album is great (they new it was gonna be a live album and they still couldn't play...) sorry. It was still great without it.",0,0,"Nov 23, 2005"
9,"For those who don't like it-I suggest they listen to it again. This is the best album released so far this year. Farrar is back in fine form and the new supporting players sound incredible. Great music and great lyrics=a great album. Welcome back Jay.",0,0,"Jul 20, 2005"
7,"I think the lead guitarist and drummer is what makes the band. I Beleive his name is Chris frame. Your awesome Chris Frame.",0,0,"Aug  8, 2005"
8,"This is the best REM album since Reckoning!",0,0,"Nov 26, 2005"
10,"A welcome return with a necessary record for these times. Upon repeated listenings all the nuances of Farrar's vocals (and the band(!)) (Wow). Absolutely worth the wait. Brings back the memory of so many fearless songwriters and bands that came before.",0,0,"Jul 14, 2005"
9,"A solid return to form...rocks like no other stuff Farrar has done!!",0,0,"Jul 16, 2005"
10,"I am embarrassed for Eric Weisbard after reading his review of Okemah in Blender. Okemah and the Melody of Riot is the album of the year so far. While the album has political overtones, it's much more subtle and, like all great works of art, much more complicated than Weisbard's simpleton interpretation of it.",0,0,"Jul 26, 2005"
8,"Farrar seems now driven to reintroduce himself to the rock world with a multi-media package of brooding songs backed with muscular guitars. The first four songs highlight this urgent return, however the remaining set besides 'Who' and '6 String Belief' (less impressive here than the solo live version from 'Bright Lights') become a bit formulatic (comparable to the 'Wide Swing Tremelo' rock songs). Still not enough of the blended acoustic heartache of 'Trace' to warrant huge praise. What boosts this disc's appeal is the anxious wait to finally see Farrar tour again under the Son Volt brand (sort of like Young & Crazy Horse) and powerfully deliver the goods. (Based on past experience, I bet the tour will be a 10.)",0,0,"Oct 10, 2005"
9,"Farrar goes back to playing to his strengths. Often sounds like a mildly-countrified version of early REM. This is the best backing band he's had in a long time, and the dual guitar work is great.",0,0,"Jul 13, 2005"
10,"This album puts Son Volt back on the map. Jay Farrar is back! This is the best work since Son Volt's 1995 masterpiece Trace...",0,0,"Jul 14, 2005"
10,"This magnificent album proves that Son Volt IS Jay Farrar, no offense to the fantastic musicianship provided by the reincarnated group. Farrar's creative growth is subtle but nonetheless very evident here. He doesn't shy away from clear messages (Jet Pilot), and here clearly integrates some of his solo experimentation into a band context (Medication and World Waits for You.) The jury is out, but I dare say that Okemah will even surpass Trace as my favorite Son Volt album!",0,0,"Jul 16, 2005"
9,"This is one of the best albums of the year. It lacks the standout tracks of earlier Son Volt records but it might be the most solid collection of songs that Farrar has put together to date.",0,0,"Jul 16, 2005"
4,"Feels so damn forced, a commercial motivated record move instead of an artisitc one. Why does he write this eulogy to the vinyl record then deliver this multimedia extravaganza DVD/CD with the jarring repetetive reprise of a half baked song? For me this officially assigns Jay Farrar to the washed up list.",0,0,"Jul 18, 2005"
8,"Though hardly perfect, there is a place for Okemah in this time and place. Farrar is at his cohesive, ascerbic best - wrapping pointed, poison words in a semi-sweet shell. For the uninitiated, a little digestion may be necessary. Nice to be re-introduced to the familar Sun Volt tones without a hint of staleness.",0,0,"Aug  5, 2005"
10,"'Rock and roll around my head alive a kicking' Jay Farrar writes phrases and lyrics that are both simple and layered with complex meaning. Listen to this album three times and you'll be hooked.",0,0,"Jan  2, 2006"
10,"Great album! Easily Jay's best since Trace. What blows me away as much as this release is that it can be given a negative review!? Rock critics never cease to amaze. Some can give this a bad review and then rave about a collection of bleeps and whistles with lyrics that make absolutely no sense (can you say - Emporer's New Clothes). Omekah is no fraud, its a damn great rock album! Boo Blender, boo MOJO!",0,0,"Dec  9, 2005"
9,"Back to the old school Son Volt wall of sound basics. Finally.",0,0,"Jul 13, 2005"
10,"Solid. The best record I've heard in years. I'd like to give it an 11!!",0,0,"Sep 14, 2005"
10,"Jay Farrar is the new Bob Dylan in thought and presentation. Chris Frame is a powerful addition to a truly rocking band. I'm new to Son Volt but count me among the legion of fans.",0,0,"Sep 27, 2005"
8,"Smooth and raw, delicate and heart taking.",0,0,"May 17, 2005"
9,"This is without a doubt one of the great live cds to come out in some time. True Lucinda draws a lot of the music from World Without Tears, it's only natural as that was the cd she was touring for when Live at the Filmore was recorded. Yes I would have liked her to have included more from Car Wheels, and her self titled album, but that being said, this is a really REALLY good CD. The music starts out with some of her slower, mellower material lulling the listener into a melancholic state of mind similar to that which one might expect from downing a bottle of cough syrup. But things quickly heat up by the end of the first disk, and really get smoking on disk 2, starting with Pineola right through to Real Live Bleeding Fingers etc. with the highlight of the whole cd sandwiched inbetween with an unbelievable version of Joy where Lucinda with her incredible vocals leaves no doubt in the listeners mind that she is going to find her Joy in Slidedale, West Memphis, or right there at the Filmore no matter the cost - the song is topped off with the incredible guitar work of Doug Pettibone. The intensity doesn't stop there either and keeps going right through the last notes of Words Fell. This is a very good cd and well worth the $14 I shelled out for it.",0,0,"May 20, 2005"
6,"Her high water mark was 'Car Wheels on a Gravel Road' and there's been a slow but measureable decline since then. And now, depressingly, there's vocal affectation and by times over-the-top singing. Relax and revisit the muse.",0,0,"Jun  8, 2005"
10,"Excellent. But, for the budget minded, I would recommend the Austin City Limits DVD from her 1998 show over this double set. The CD highlights what a great experience she is live. And as far as pacing and the 'good songs' goes I disagree with the corporate radio friendly reviewers above. Placing the rockers in the middle, with the ballads as bookends is perfect for Lucinda and not the most commerically tried and true thing to do but that's what makes her great. Most of her best songs these days are the slow ballads anyway, not the rockers. At first, I was disappointed that it didn't rock more because that is what I saw and heard in Newport in 2004. But as I listened to it I realized how amazing her most recent material is even compared to her old 'classics.' I never thought I she would ever top her classic material from the 80's and 90's. But 'World Without Tears' is by universal critical acclaim better than 'Car Wheels' & 'Sweet Old World' and possibly her 1988 self titled classic. These songs are much better, lyrically, poetically, and structurally. I even like this band better than the old band. This band is dirtier and rocks harder than the clean and twangy sound from the days of the Austin City Limits show and Car Wheels in 1998. If you can afford both the DVD and CD it's worth the splurge. They represent two very different artistic periods for Lucinda. Neither period better than the other, both are great. Otherwise, get the DVD now and put the CDs on your wish list.",0,0,"May 19, 2005"
10,"The best live albums offer new insight into an artist and their music, and this album does exactly that. Compare this live album to other live albums from other artists, not to studio albums. This is excellent insight into arguably the greatest singer-songwriter of the last 20 years. Her highwater mark as far as creativity and erfort so far was her last album, 'World Without Tears', not 'Car Wheels' as someone else has posted. Easily some of her most creative, poignant work to date. 'Car Wheels' was excellent, her self titled and 'Sweet Old World' as well but thank god she didn't bore us with the same old same old and rely on her tried and true hits like the geezer rockers of today do. That is a rip off, my friends. Many songs from Lucinda's 'Essense' CD are featured here too. Essense is excellent, but may be the least excellent of her five releases. That said, it is also extremely underrated. If you want to experience today's 'always improving and moving on to something new' Lucinda Williams (rather than the 1998 Austin City Limits DVD) and do not want to go for the bootlegs, then this is the next best thing.",0,0,"Jun 23, 2005"
1,"He loves himself and it shows",0,0,"May  5, 2005"
10,"Fantastic. Very warm, yet upbeat.",0,0,"May  8, 2005"
8,"The best thing you can do with this CD is not try to compare it to Adams last few releases -- he still writes great songs, whether you call it country, rock, or whatever else. Though it lacks some of modern rock influences that we heard in tracks like 'Afraid Not Scared' and 'Political Scientist,' maybe this CD is a wise progression in his still young career. The best part about releasing a double album is that the best songs seem to stand out just a little more...for better or for worse. His voice still sounds just as great after years of drinking and smoking, too, which gives him a definite advantage. Maybe he's secretly a closet yuppie bastard, try to catch him in a Volvo sometime --",0,0,"May 12, 2005"
9,"Another well crafted, well written album from the best true singer songwriter recording music today.",0,0,"May  5, 2005"
1,"This is unoriginal but that can be overlooked if it were sincere, which it is not.",0,0,"May  9, 2005"
10,"LOVE it",0,0,"Jun 20, 2005"
9,"Top Quality",0,0,"Jul 21, 2005"
7,"Pretty good, but too much filler. If Adams had dropped several of the crappier songs and made this a 10 track album it would have been much better and much more cohesive as an album.",0,0,"Jul  6, 2005"
9,"The Only Thing Keeping It From A 10, is the fact that instead of being an imediate masterpeice, it takes time to grow on you. Some songs will Jump out at you at first, where as others take longer to grow on you. Regardless, its hard not to love this ambitious and great album.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2005"
10,"this isn't really fair for me to judge, since i love every ryan adams song ever written",0,0,"May 10, 2005"
10,"Excellent album. Probably better than Gold.",0,0,"May 12, 2005"
9,"Ryan Adams best attribute is his diversity among his albums. Cold Roses has convinced me that no matter what his album may be classified as, it will not be a disappointment. 3 albums in one year? This fan is spoiled!",0,0,"May 12, 2005"
9,"Simply impressive and continues to draw you in.",0,0,"May 17, 2005"
9,"Fine return to form if some way melancholic. Best enjoyed with a late evening drink following into an early morning companion. A Magpie of American Music wooing us like a Mockingbird. Well Done Ryan. Let it ride...",0,0,"May  4, 2005"
8,"Hurrah! Another Ryan Adams album for critics to grumble about...and this time it's a double, so they can really give him a kicking now. Well, I love this - played it continually already and it's really impressed me. Beautiful stuff.",0,0,"May  5, 2005"
8,"I'm not going to say that this album is a return to form as I never thought that Ryan lost his form. Rock n Roll and Love is Hell were both really good solid albums or so I thought. They were a departure but I can appreciate the fact that Ryan has alot of diffrent influences to draw from. Alot of artists don't have the courage to do what they want artistically. Ryan Adams does and I for one appreciate that. All of that said and I guess some may say that 'Cold Roses' is a return to Ryan's 'Heartbreaker' days. I hate to put this album in a genre but it would, to me, fall into the alt-country vein. It's produced really well but not over produced which I think 'Gold' was. I just bought the cd two days ago and I don't think that there is a bad track on the album. Some tracks are better than others of course and I think had this album been cut down to one disc, 12 tracks it would have been much more coherant and cohesive. There are 5 songs here that I think rate among his best; Sweet Illusions, Magnolia Mountain, Let It Ride, Meadowlake Street, and Easy Plateau. If you're a fan of Ryan or alt-country then this album is a must. One of my top 5 records of the year so far!",0,0,"May  5, 2005"
6,"This album is far too long. If it'd have been one disc, it might have rated an 8, but, as is, it mostly shows how much Adams needs someone to rein him in.",0,0,"May  5, 2005"
8,"a really nice return to what he does best, but the addition of, i dunno, middle-age? whil he's not as spontaneous or heart-on-sleeve as heartbreaker or demolition, it's still a delicious collection that, in its length, isn't all that unhandleable. memorable melodies, challenging new ryan.",0,0,"May  5, 2005"
10,"Fantastic effort by Ryan Adams creates a very listenable and innovative record. His best since 2000's heartbreaker.",0,0,"May  5, 2005"
9,"I totally agree with Jason A. I dont think this is a return to form as I dont feel RA ever left it. Sure he's had a hit and miss here and there, but all of his albums have stand out tracks that a lot of artist wish they could even come close to creating. Cold Roses does have a few songs that probably aren't his best work, but by no means are they poor. What does make this album fantastic though are the stand out tracks, of which there are too many to mention. If you have any love for alt. country or great music in general, this album is highly recommended.",0,0,"May  6, 2005"
10,"The album is beautiful and amazing!! the best album of the year so far and the guy who gave it a one is incredibly narrow-minded!",0,0,"May  6, 2005"
9,"For me, his best since Gold.Probably could have been cut down to 1 CD,but the majority of songs are vintage Adams. Hope this is a sign of things to come.",0,0,"May  8, 2005"
10,"Una maravilla de disco. Lo mejor de 2005.",0,0,"Jun 14, 2005"
9,"I think this is a very good, if not great, album. It definitely harkens back to early Neil Young and Greatful Dead, but it has an authentic feel. I love it.",0,0,"Jun  3, 2005"
8,"The two CD's may be alittle over zealous, but the songs are stronger than low marking critics are indicating. This moody country rock pleases me each time I listen to it. The production is often very live sounding which is a bonus in this age of 'produce the sh*t out of it'. The guitars sing and cry on this album more so than almost any other RA work. Great for driving home with the sun setting behind you and the window down just a little...escapism at its best.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2005"
10,"Awesome!",0,0,"Jun  4, 2005"
10,"The best album of the year so far. It's great to hear him doing the country stuff again. I can't wait to hear his other 2 albums due out later this year.",0,0,"Jul  5, 2005"
10,"I must say that I cannot get enough of Ryan Adams. I'm sick of reviewers saying that he should self edit and not put out his vision in whole. I'd rather hear another song from Ryan than an over produced pop album; therefore, I have to say that Cold Roses is a welcome addition to my playlist.",0,0,"Nov 12, 2005"
9,"I love this album... there is only about one weak song on each disk. Its beautifully performed and producedand they're really strong songs",0,0,"Oct  5, 2005"
6,"Im not so sure why everyone is giving this album full marks cause from here it sounds very patchy indeed. I've LOVED everything Ryan has done - even most of Rock N Roll, Love Is Hell was incredibly beautiful for the most part despite what people said. i really tried to embrace this in its entirity, but three days of non-stop play has just proven that this has some inexpicably included weak points. very frustrating (and i know everyone else has said this too) that he didnt throw out at least 4 of these tracks. When another 'understated', riff-less track begins im just compelled to skip to the tracks that have a little life. Where before it sounded like Ryan needed to write the songs, alot of these just sound like he was happy to be out there again and dug up some old unused material. Hmm... its ok to stick on for background music and ill listen to it cause its Ryan but i wont be nearly as hooked as i was to any of his other stuff. The 2 Openers - Neil Young inspired 'Magnolia Mountain' and Orbison-esque 'Easy Plateau' are really lovely, especially the latter.",0,0,"May 11, 2005"
9,"The joy of his pain is everywhere. Definitely one of his best and, despite his inability to perform live to any consistent degree, he remains one of the best songwriters of our day.",0,0,"May 10, 2005"
8,"Being a double album, with so many songs, it really takes time to get familiar with the whole thing - there's so much stuff going on! After a couple of weeks I'm really loving it.",0,0,"May 18, 2005"
9,"I was never much of an R.A. fan but one listen to 'Easy Plateau' led to the purchase of what will inevitably be One of the Top Discs of 05!",0,0,"May 22, 2005"
8,"While this album does have a few misses (What do you expect? It is a double disk after all.), the strong points are so strong they just make you forget about the weak points. Hopefully he can keep this up on his other two albums that are supposed to be out this year.",0,0,"May 23, 2005"
9,"Freeking awsome album.....though it coulda been trimmed down, i hate 2-discers, but still amazing album",0,0,"May 24, 2005"
10,"Ryan Adams returns to the brilliant form of his breakthough, 'Hearbreaker'. Although his songwriting has always been tops, 'Cold Roses' has a cohesion and flow that previous albums had been missing. (Although that is as much, perhaps more, Lost Highways fault as Adams'). This is an album to be listened to obsessively, as it trades immediately noticeable hooks and phrases for a lasting emotional allure.",0,0,"May  4, 2005"
9,"awesome album, evry trrack is amazing, what you'd come to expect of the guy.",0,0,"May  7, 2005"
9,"A return to texture and depth of Dear Chicago and Bar Lights. Very encouraging.",0,0,"May  7, 2005"
9,"Excellent set of disks. When most people critique music, they tend to come at from a pure listener's point of view. I've read the reviews of this effort that talk about trimming it down to one disk or that some of the songs are 'self-indulgent', whatever that means. For me, I tend to look at music as a musician. Does the music emotionally fit the lyrics; are there too many instruments in the mix to get a clean sound; are the vocals pitched to fit the emotion of the song; etc. This effort is Adams' best since Heartbreaker. The music is original (even though, like others, I can get a whiff of GD's American Beauty here) and the playing, I think, is better than before. I'm looking forward to the next album this summer!",0,0,"May  8, 2005"
10,"Return to form? Love is hell was briliant! And this is too!",0,0,"May  9, 2005"
8,"Weak points, strong points? Bollocks! You are all Morons! There is nobody making music today like this guy. He puts out album after album without care. He takes risks! Give the dog a bone. Bravo Mr. Adams - Keep on trucking brother - I feel your struggle.",0,0,"Jun  1, 2005"
10,"Never liked Adams either, but this album is up there with American Beauty for me. The album tracks even look like dead songs: Magnolia Mountain, Cherry Lane, Meadowlake Street, Easy Plateua, Cold Roses, If I Am A Stranger. Maybe I'm imagining it but these all sound like Dead titles to me.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2005"
9,"A smooth stew of psychadelic country music.",0,0,"Jul 21, 2005"
5,"I listened to all 18 tracks and jotted down track titles I wanted to hear again. Hey, wait a second, this here piece of paper is BLANK! After Gold, I was expecting a masterpiece. Still waiting, and losing patience.",0,0,"Aug 16, 2005"
10,"It is long, yes, but the more you listen the more you enjoy. Nearly two years after its release and I am listening to it more than ever!!",0,0,"Mar  7, 2007"
10,"Raw, emotional and real--this is a flawless album by Adams. I would recommend this to anyone.",0,0,"May 14, 2005"
10,"simply amazing",0,0,"May 23, 2005"
9,"I liked it right away. Sweet Illusions' has it all. I can tell I will like this album more and more. It doesn't have the bullshit homage to the shittly Rolling Stones (Gold)",0,0,"May 27, 2005"
7,"It is very hard for me to not be biased when talking about Ryan Adams because I really enjoy his music. After the first few spins of Cold Roses, I was pleasantly surprised that Ryan has gone back to making the kind of music he feels most comfortable making. I was also glad to see that he has decided to be part of a band, instead of running solo. What it comes down to with this double album is what it usually comes down to with Ryan records and that is that he has given us some of his best work and then just some work. Ever since Heartbreaker, it seems that every album he puts out has some truly brilliant songs but then it has some others that are just ok. With Cold Roses I have to agree with alot of journalists, which I hate to do, in that it wouldn't hurt to cut out 5 or 6 of the songs to make it a very strong album. Songs like 'Easy Plateau', 'Sweet Illusions', the title track, and especially 'Let it ride' are great, but when I hear songs like 'Beautiful Sorta' I wonder what he was thinking. It might be one the worst things he has put out. So I will sum up in saying that I have high hopes for the next two albums slated for release this year, still half expecting something that will live up to Heartbreaker. I heard Ethan Johns is producing atleast one of the next records so there is a good start.",0,0,"Jul 26, 2005"
10,"really good",0,0,"Sep 15, 2006"
10,"What a masterpiece. By the time the first track 'Magnolia Mountain' ends you will be transported to another world where everything appears to be out of focus yet entrancingly beautiful. The album's length does appear tedious at times, but such as life. By the time the bridge of 'Life is Beautiful' explodes all over your body you will know that you've witnessed something absolutely remarkable just as the final track-'Friends'-of the album cradles you in it's arms and slowly rocks you into a hypnotic peace of mind as though to help you recover from the most intense sexual experience of your life. I believe that 'Cold Roses' will pass the test of time to sit upon the shelf next to Neil Young's 'Tonight's the Night' and 'On the Beach', The Grateful Dead's 'American Beauty' and 'Workingman's Dead', and (most importantly) Gram Parsons' 'Grievous Angel.' This album is untouchable. What a masterpiece.",0,0,"Sep 16, 2006"
9,"The guy that wrote the Pop Matters review is an idiot. This cd renewed my interest in Adams after I lost interest. His best since Heartbreaker.",0,0,"Dec 15, 2005"
8,"I think Ryan Adams has a problem with putting out a solid album. Heartbreaker was pretty damn close, but as a whole, they seem to suffer some. There are some great songs on here, but it still doesn't feel 100%. That doesn't mean it's bad, just 'off'. Hell, I'll give it an 8 because of 'Let It Ride' alone.",0,0,"Aug  6, 2011"
10,"Brilliant work by Mr. Adams. Regardless of whether he is vain or not, his restless soul shows throughout this record. A genre/career defining album that is an absolute catharsis.",0,0,"Jun 18, 2012"
9,"Comparing Kathleen Edwards to Sheryl Crow is like calling Gram Parsons a poor man's Don Henley. I think the fact that the critic's scores range from 100 points all the way down to 40 is very telling -- this stuff resonates with some people like a steel guitar at a sound check, others apparently pan it because it doesn't have a good beat and they can't dance to it. I think a lot of the finer points of this great album are simply going over the heads of shallow listeners. From the stellar opening duo of 'In State' and the title track, this disc quite simply blows its excellent predecessor out of the water. It's really less of an album than it is a compelling collection of short stories. Edwards is fast becoming the Neil Young of the new century.",0,0,"Jul  1, 2005"
8,"'In State' is the best battered woman narrative set to music that I've ever heard. You buy the cd and turn the page on the booklet and you think, 'Oh, the prom queen writes songs, too.' Edwards is very beautiful. The rest of 'Back to Me' is solid, but nothing that's transcending like the opening track, which is right up there with the best of Aimee Mann and Dar Williams.",0,0,"Feb  3, 2006"
8,"I think her first LP is better, though this has some very good songs and some that sound like the new sheryl crow record (this is not a good thing.)",0,0,"Mar  7, 2005"
9,"Pungent rockers and sad-pretty ballads make this memorable collection even better than her debut.",0,0,"Mar  8, 2005"
8,"good, but there's something missing... it reminds me too much of fiona apple's 'tidal', which seems great at first, but wans very suddenly for some unknown reason.",0,0,"Mar 20, 2006"
10,"I very much enjoyed the music on this album - 'Back to Me' gets me going!",0,0,"Jan 20, 2007"
7,"Some interesting songs, but it's not 'Failer'.",0,0,"Mar 13, 2005"
10,"Disapointing in length, a mere 35 minutes, but a great record from the most enchanting, yet underatted, country singer of our era. I was too young to see Patsy Cline in concert --she died when I was 5 years old-- but I have seen Neko Case peform live and I can say, without hesitation, that I've now seen the next best thing. This concert disc is a great reminder of those concerts, especially 'Favorite' and 'Wayfaring Stranger', two standout numbers from the shows I saw. I would highly recommend this CD to any music fan.",0,0,"Nov 10, 2004"
9,"What would we do without Neko? This live album is as good as anything she's done in the studio. The normally-believable Guardian must've been given the wrong promo to listen to.",0,0,"Nov  9, 2004"
8,"This was my first neko case album and i will be going back for more. I didn't know it was a live album until the first song was over.",0,0,"Jan 30, 2007"
8,"and sounding like a bar band is bad?",0,0,"Nov 10, 2004"
10,"Dear Guardian reviewer, This is what real musicians sound like when they play together feeding off each others energy. Maybe you should stick with over produced pop, try Ashlee Simpson. The only thing wrong with this cd is that is too short!",0,0,"Nov 12, 2004"
8,"This is a great sample of just how amazing Neko is live. Known as an alt-country goddess, by adding percussion, she actually gets to rock out a little. Plus, anytime you get to hear Neko blow it out with Kelly Hogan and Jim & Jennie and the Pinetops is a great day! If there is a drawback, it is simply too short (coming in at about 35 minutes). Regardless, this is a great disc that will hold you over until her new studio album hits in the spring of 2005.",0,0,"Nov 12, 2004"
10,"LOL... What's wrong with a 'bar band playing songs for friends.'? Ok, clearly, the writer for The Guardian, Adam Sweeting, isn't a golfer. *whew....glad thats over* Ok, this album keeps me moving in my chair at work and weaving in and out of traffic when in the car (kidding, of course). But really, this album completey rocks! Her voice is very musically delicate and the sound quality beats that of other live performances i've heard. My ONLY dissapointment with this album is it's length. Could've put some fillers on it?? But I still give it a 10 because whats on the album kicks some serious butt....... Adam Sweeting from The Guardian goes on to say that Case's song 'The Tigers Have Spoken' is a 'nasty little piece'. That's one of my favorites! It's sad and uniquely beautiful! I'll, clearly, never read The Guardian",0,0,"Feb 23, 2005"
9,"I took about 35 CDs on a 51 hour Greyhound trip, but this is the only one I listened to (except for a couple of spins of SMILE). Neko put me to bed while I watched all those Pittsburgh houses roll by, and she woke me up in the Kansas flats. I had assumed the show they released was particularly good, but I just recently got to see her live, and she sounded even better. Check out the Sadies' Favorite Colours ... you won't be disappointed.",0,0,"Mar 18, 2005"
9,"A mon avis, the best songs are always 2 minutes.",0,0,"Jul 18, 2006"
9,"i've never enjoyed live albums, they just do not capture the live experience, but this is brilliant. the new songs thrill and the majority of the covers sound fresh and new once more. and that voice! wow. it'll take something special to remove this from the cd player.",0,0,"Nov 16, 2004"
9,"This is her best album. Neko shines, and this album encapsulates her greatness live.",0,0,"Sep 16, 2006"
9,"The Guardian is full of shit.",0,0,"Nov 14, 2004"
9,"Nearly a ten. Best anomoanon record so far.....or",0,0,"Jan  7, 2005"
9,"A wonderful album -- pure pleasure from start to finish, and I think the lyrics work well with the music to meld dreaminess and worldliness into great music for any day.",0,0,"Mar 16, 2005"
10,"Totally sweet",0,0,"Jan  1, 2005"
6,"I wasn't really that much impressed.",0,0,"Jul 11, 2005"
8,"Music 10, lyrics 6 which equals a 8.",0,0,"Jan 15, 2005"
8,"It's solid throughout. Won't Be Home, In the Satellite Rides a Star, and Adelaide especially are top-notch. Definitely not as bad as they say, and worth repeated listens.",0,0,"Aug  9, 2004"
8,"This album is an example of how versatile these guys can be. Adelaide is the best song the 97s have ever put together. Tracks such as Won't Be Home and Friends Forever take us back to the 'Too Far To Care' era. This is a very well rounded album and a great purchase.",0,0,"Jan 25, 2005"
9,"Their most carefree songs (and best album) since their quintessential 'Too Far to Care.'",0,0,"Jul 27, 2004"
8,"Don't look for Satellite Rides Vol. 2. The Old 97s revert back to the days of Hitchike to Rhome and Wreck Your Life. The songs remain solid, but they may pale to some listeners because of the rustic production. Just listen to it several times and the album begins to shine brightly.",0,0,"Jul 27, 2004"
7,"Considering the quality of most of todays music, this album shines although next to their past efforts this is not the strongest. Highlights are 'Won't Be Home', 'Valium Waltz', and 'In the Satellite Rides a Star'.",0,0,"Jul 31, 2004"
9,"Great CD, give it a chance.",0,0,"Aug  1, 2004"
8,"I hope I don't sound like a broken record, but music reviewers are some of the most-worthless, brain-dead dofuses on the face of the Earth. This album doesn't 'sound' like the last few. 'There's something wrong with it!' The songs seem to change in style from track to track. 'It's not 'cohesive'!' Oh my, they let three vocalists sing lead. 'There's weak songs!' It doesn't 'seem' to progress to a new level. 'They're coasting!' There are some quieter, low-key songs. 'It's a drag!' (Look at the title, dork.) I'll admit that when I first played the album, I was disappointed. But unlike a 'music reviewer', I didn't churn out a piece on auto-pilot that used much less thought than what went into even the 'weakest' song on this album. I kept playing it, alongside other googd music, and the thing just grew on me. It's very heartfelt, even when in a couple of instances, it's being humorous ( i.e. 'Coahuila'.) This album eventually feels as comfortable as sharing problems with your best friend. You know you might not solve anything, but you will get some relief. Plus, there's nothing wrong with ANY of the songs, and after about three listens, it IS cohesive. End of NON-review.",0,0,"Aug 11, 2004"
6,"This is a very good band who has consistently put out good to great music. That being said, Drag It Up truly feels like a hodgepodge of Old 97's songs. Very little consistency as a whole and a few songs are simply weak. Production sounds somewhat flat and lacking dynamics. Overall not bad per se, just doesn't live up to previous releases that well imho.",0,0,"Jul 29, 2004"
9,"You either got it or you don't. Hard to explain, but this one stands up with their best. It's not easy to follow a masterpiece.",0,0,"Sep 19, 2004"
10,"Is it crazy that I liked this way more than Yankee Hotel Foxtrot?",0,1,"Oct  4, 2008"
9,"it is amazing! i thought that YHF would be the end of wilco: you simply can't go on re-inventing yourself. and yet... this record is clearly wilco, but not as you've heard it before: it sounds dirtier than YHF, rougher on the edges. and i llllove it, Tweedy takes his electric guitar further than ever before. listen the opening track 'at least that's what you said' and try not to think about Neil Young! great record!",0,0,"Jan 20, 2005"
9,"Sure, nothing's perfect, but this is my favorite Wilco album. While I love YHF, I think it was so quickly embraced by (some) critics partly because it appeared 'dangerous' or 'difficult' in light of WB refusing to release it (the pussies). And so there was (IMO) a bit of a backlash against AGIB, a far better album in many respects. I think all the hipper-than-thou critics bashed this record because Wilco had perhaps moved to a higher commercial plain. Anyway, AGIB has some of my favorite Wilco songs on it, and though I usually skip Less Than You Think, I also don't dismiss it out of hand just because it's unconventional. A great album that fits nicely in the Wilco catalog.",0,0,"Sep 20, 2006"
8,"after all the hype of YHF i was worried Wilco would come out with a dud, A Ghost Is Born isnt. It's a solid album that makes some changes to the last album and creates a couple of totally new styles as well. Spiders (Kidsmoke) is Wilco's most challenging song to date and if you let i t seep into your brain, you will be heavily rewarded.",0,0,"Jun 21, 2004"
9,"although not a classic like YHF, Wilco have yet again made a remarkably strong album. The most interesting thing about this one is how difficult it is, nothing comes rather easy besides Hummingbird. I recommend.",0,0,"Jul  1, 2004"
10,"Another wonderful album from Wilco, Since Being There They've been releasing one classic after the other, amazing band.",0,0,"Jul  2, 2004"
9,"I can understand how a fan who just discovered Wilco as a result of YHF would be disappointed with this release. Indeed, if one was unaware of how different YHF was from Summerteeth - and how different Summerteeth was from Being There - one would be surprised by how different this album is. 'Different' is a word that Jeff Tweedy, Wilco's frontman, takes seriously. His music continues to progress, taking him and the band in different directions from year to year. AGIB is, in some ways, a move away from the sonic expirementation of YHF and, in another way, a move more deeply into that same spirit. For example, 'Handshake Drugs' (in many ways the CD's centerpiece) keeps it together for four or five minutes before descending into noise. 'Less Than You Think' takes this idea even further, devolving into 11 minutes of static. Allegedly, this is because Tweedy wanted the album to be Interactive - in other words, stand up and hit the 'next track button.' Perhaps this also explains the blast of Neil Young-style guitar that almost blew my speakers out after the quiet opening of 'At Least That's What You Said.' The album features several stand out tracks - I think 'Hummingbird,' 'Theoloians' and 'Handshake Drugs' are among the best Wilco tracks yet. It also holds together as an album, taking us on a dark, personal journey through Tweedy's life. It took me several listens to enjoy this album - you might not like it on first listen. See if you feel differently on listen #10, though. It is well worth it.",0,0,"Jul  6, 2004"
5,"After a string of fantastic albums Wilco have now released a real dud. The production is particularly poor - murky and quite dull, it takes the edge off many of the albums better melodies. The bands experimental tendencies have now resulted in two songs meandering over 10, very painful, minutes and the number of tedious guitar solos has shot up dramtically and runined some potential great songs (Handshake Drug springs to mind). Praise it receives now I think will be re-evaluated come their next, hopefully much better, release.",0,0,"Aug 20, 2004"
9,"I don't know if I just haven't listened to YHF enough. Would Wilco recieve the critiiscm for A Ghost... if they hadn't released YHF before it. I think song for song this is one of the best albums released this year. Sure it's self indulgent all albums are they are a personal extension of the person writing them. Luckily for us it Jeff Tweedy and Co. being self-indulgent, and not some crappy band. The solo's are awesome, the lyrics ultra-personal. It's a great album, on the very first listen.",0,0,"Oct  3, 2004"
10,"Best of '04. In every way an equal to Summerteeth and YHF, this album is sure to please many a Wilco fan: a record that is earnest, intimate, fresh, and entirely human. Give it a few spins though, as this is definitely Wilco's most challenging release to date.",0,0,"Jun 21, 2004"
10,"Easy to get lost in this one, the most interesting album of the year so far...love it!",0,0,"Jun 23, 2004"
10,"this album is amazing... another new, creative, unexpected work from wilco. more organic and warm sounding than yankee hotel foxtrot, with some amazing guitar works the likes of which have never really been seen from wilco. on par with YHF, not necessarily better but not at all worse, and entirely different.",0,0,"Jun 24, 2004"
7,"I appreciate the fact that they are doing different things this time out; however, it just doesn't come across as convincingly as before. I was kind of dissappointed with it at first, and although it is growing on me 'a ghost is born' doesn't show as much potential as it's predecessor.",0,0,"Jun 26, 2004"
9,"This one tops YHF. It may lack some of the gems that 'Being There' had, but it's consistently inventive and enjoyable. My only discretion is that prolonged sonic drone on track 11.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2004"
9,"If you love Wilco, then you will love this. I'm one of those crazies who loves the whole album. I have no problem with any of the 'difficult' songs. It's not perfect but in my opinion, it's as close as they've ever come. Neil Young and Billy Doherty would be proud. This album might not be as awesome as 'the Beatles' or 'After the Gold Rush', but it's as close as anyone can get. I'm not going to go into the 'troubles'' with ' people's problems.' Just enjoy this for what it is. A mind-blowing genre-expanding walk on the wild side.",0,0,"Jul 10, 2004"
10,"Anyone who gives this cd less than 9 does not have ears to hear with!! Tweedy and co. stand on the shoulders of giants to produce yet another masterpiece!",0,0,"Jul 15, 2004"
10,"A solid album. The lyrics are Tweedy's usual uneven output--several gems buried in a whole lot o' 'huh?'--but the work as a whole is a wonderful mood piece. It fits nicely into the background without ever allowing you to ignore it. In reality, I'd give Ghost an 8, but I bumped that up to a 10 to offset idiots who unjustly gave it a 0.",0,0,"Jul  1, 2004"
6,"With the exception of a few thoughtfully-written tracks, Tweedy goes a-stumblin' and a-bumblin' through one tedious melody after another - many of which seem to defy you to aviod hitting the 'skip' button. If this were their debut album, Wilco would likely be relegated to playing obscure motels and lounges for the rest of their careers. This is a substantially weak and distracted effort from otherwise geniuses.",0,0,"Jul 30, 2004"
10,"Sublime",0,0,"Jul  5, 2004"
3,"Overrated crapola",0,0,"Jul  9, 2004"
0,"I don't get it. I actually liked Summerteeth and the albums they did with Billy Bragg, but with the reviews this albmm has been getting and, especially, the reviews the last album got, I can easily say these guys are the most overrated band of the millenium (so far).",0,0,"Jul  9, 2004"
10,"Richer and more dense than Yankee Hotel Foxtrot, this album leads the way for Rock and Roll into the future; with the exception of some work by Radohead, there hasn't been as good of an album in 25 years.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2005"
10,"Wilco may be my favorite band - all categories. Thier last is their best!",0,0,"May 31, 2006"
10,"This is by far my fave Wilco album and i have all of them, yeah 'Summerteeth' is great but for me this is the album i find myself always going back to. 'Less than you Think' is a freaking great song, it's just the noise for 10 minutes that people shouldnt enjoy, but the song is beautiful. 'Hell is Chrome' is the best song of all time, along with 'Theologains' Listen Up, AGISB is a Classic! You'll See!",0,0,"Mar 14, 2007"
10,"Stylus' review is spot on. This album is absolutely stunning.",0,0,"May  8, 2008"
10,"A delightful masterpiece. More complex than YHF, and consequently a more mature Tweedy shines through.",0,0,"Jun 21, 2004"
9,"Expectations are high. Forget them. Expectations are a waste of time. Just listen to it and try not to fall in love. A Ghost Is Born is one more badge of genius for one of the best and underrated bands in the world. There are some of the best riffs I've heard in years on there and the lyrics are stellar as per usual. Wilco has a particular knack for the gorgeous that doesn't look like it's going anywhere. Necessity made me download. Out of fanticism, I will buy.",0,0,"Jun 21, 2004"
10,"rocks. you gotta listen to it over a period of time to get it. when you do, you realize it's amazing.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2004"
3,"Forget about Sominex, this will put you fast asleep. Wilco are riding the undeserved hype of their last release which was so-so at best. They need to go back into the studio with Billy Bragg. Now that was some good stuff.",0,0,"Jun 23, 2004"
10,"wilco evolves, if you give this a bad rating you are lieing to yourself, they have melodic power, lyrical power, briliiant arrangements, original, honest guitar playing by tweedy, another wilco classic",0,0,"Jun 23, 2004"
9,"Not as perfect as YHF but once again largely above the average... and the concurence",0,0,"Jun 25, 2004"
9,"I think its their best effort. Definitely a 'headphone' record.",0,0,"Jul 14, 2004"
9,"I complain about this album -- too long, too self-indulgent, too whatever -- and yet I continue to listen to it and derive great pleasure from it. I think I'm actually starting to like it better than YHF. And yet I still complain, but a little less each time. Tweedy & Co. slowly, surely sink their hooks into me. To those who malign: How many times have you listened to A Ghost Is Born? I know it's 2004, but trying having some patience. It's reckless, heartfelt, pain-bred beauty.",0,0,"Sep 13, 2004"
10,"Easily Their Most Accesable And Brillaint Album. Though its hard to compare it to Yanke Hotel Foxtrot, its easier to say that it comes together much better on first listens. Brilliant album.",0,0,"Nov  1, 2005"
10,"It's a flawed album, yet it's still a perfect album. My favorite album of 2004.",0,0,"Oct 15, 2005"
10,"This album will go down as a classic and one of the best of the decade. I love every single track but the highlights are 'Hummingbird', 'Company in my Back' and 'Spiders'. For those people who like Wilco and were disappointed with this album, I strongly encourage you to give it a second, third and even fourth listen on a really good pair of speakers.",0,0,"Feb  6, 2005"
10,"I have been reading all the reviews; amazon, pitchfork, etc. None of them truly capture the beauty in this album. This CD is my FAVORITE CD currently. The album spans the largest spectrum yet, and 'Muzzle of Bees' shows this wonderfully; slow and methodical at the beginning, and then it moves into one of the most beautiful and melodical pieces of music I have heard in all of my life. Although it is a 'departure' from YFH, and the music is more spontaneus and the lyrics do lack some of the luster they once did, the critics should not be penalizing them for it. All in all, A Ghost Is Born is my favorite album of 2004.",0,0,"Apr 21, 2005"
9,"A year on from its release, I consider Ghost a collection of now-classic Wilco songs. That is, it's not quite as strong an *album* as their last two, but I easily can identify seven brilliant songs on it (Kidsmoke, Hell is Chrome, Hummingbird, I'm a Wheel, Wishful Thinking, Theologians and The Late Greats) and the remaining songs, for me, range from decent to quite strong. Some music requires more than a few cursory hearings to appreciate it. It took me over a year to find my way into Summerteeth. You know that revelatory feeling you get when you decide one day to listen to a song on an album that you'd historically skipped past, only to find yourself now ga-ga for it? It's a great feeling! I probably have some ways to go with Ghost to fully get to that place where everything makes sense and the communications each song offers are received. But my first year with Ghost has me hopeful I'm going to be surprised and pleased by what I eventually find deep inside of it.",0,0,"Aug 14, 2005"
9,"Ethereal, human and virtual at the same time... The expected sequence for YHF, which was Wilco's masterpiece to date.",0,0,"Sep  7, 2005"
10,"An exciting album. It was on my turntable for weeks and months without change. A firm favourite",0,0,"Feb 17, 2006"
7,"The songwriting on this album simply isn't up to par with that of Summerteeth or YHF. The first two tracks are the best on the album (and there are a few other nice bits), but the white-noise crap towards the end of the album is a total turn off. You can express yourself a lot better by choosing good songwriting over dissonance.",0,0,"May 17, 2006"
7,"many of the songs are fantastic: at least that's what you said, hell is chrome, muzzle of bees, handshake drugs, wishful thinking, company in my back. some are bad: spiders (kidsmoke) is 4 times as long as it should be....the divine riff just gets cloying; less than you think and the late greats are rubbish. the rest are just so-so: hummingbird, i'm a wheel, theologians. all in all, though, it's a great collection of songs.",0,0,"Jan  9, 2007"
8,"A true grower. Easily, Wilco's most difficult album, yet after several (for some, many) listens, the beauty of many of these songs shine thorugh and one realizes that they are among the best in Wilco's breathtakingly brilliant catalog. Tweedy's guitar playing snarls and bites throughout ('At Least That's What You Said', 'Spiders (Kidsmoke)') and his lyrics are as strong as ever. Not quite a step forward from YHF but certainly not a retread by any means either. The only complaint is Jim O'Rourke's production is surprisingly flat and there's a noticeable lack of dynamics throughout the records. The greatness of these songs truly shines through live, as can be heard on the superior 'Kicking Television' double-album.",0,0,"Jul 16, 2007"
7,"It's an average album; Less Than You Think is the worst song in the album followed by Late Greats. Only about half the songs on the are good, including the excellent Wishful Thinking and Company In My Back.",0,0,"Jul  6, 2007"
10,"Despite some negative reviews, I think this is Wilco's best album to date. It isn't as important (or as immediate) as Yankee Hotel Foxtrot , but it's easily as good, if not better. The songs certainly linger longer, and it helps bring about the return of the ALBUM. It's my favorite album this year. And at first I didn't think M83's album couldn't possibly be topped, but I find myself listening to this exponentially more... Wilco is emerging as one of the most important bands of this new century.",0,0,"Nov 29, 2004"
10,"Surpasses anything Tweedy & co. have done in the past. Just as good or better than YHF. A great rock album from one of the greatest American rock bands.",0,0,"Jun 21, 2004"
0,"they are getting waay too much attention after releasing this album. it doesn't even touch yankee hotel foxtrot and i was so disappointed when i heard the album.",0,0,"Jun 22, 2004"
9,"While not as good as Yankee Hotel Foxtrot, its still a masterful album by a masterful band.",0,0,"Jun 23, 2004"
9,"a nine - nothing is perfect...the neil young influence is perfecto....i love it. the white noise endings could have been shortened considerably - they are not as amusing as the 'yankee - hotel - foxtrot' intonations of the previous - i find them distracting. several cuts sound as if they could have been done by the fab four on sgt. pepper - hummingbird in particular. when i last saw john stirratt he was sporting a buffalo springfield t-shirt - and that band's influence comes through as well. an excellent album.",0,0,"Jun 23, 2004"
10,"Inspiringly great. Like Charlie Kaufman's 'Eternal Sunshine..' is to 'Adaptation', 'A Ghost is Born' is to 'Yankee Hotel Foxtrot'. Maybe I'm a pessimist, but I didn't think either artist could create something as strong there previous efforts. Lucky for us they did. Enjoy!",0,0,"Jun 23, 2004"
10,"I actually like this CD far more than Yankee Hotel Foxtrot. While I found their last CD to hectic, I found 'A Ghost Is Born' to be a brilliant mixture of whimsical elements and lyrical brilliantless. If you like mellow, sincere, and peaceful music...this is the perfect CD for you.",0,0,"Jun 23, 2004"
7,"This album just lacks the energy of their previous efforts. The album moves on at a sleepy pace. My biggest complaint is that Jeff Tweedy's voice sounds tired and thin with very little emotion behind it. However, the good does out weigh the bad. The musicianship is top-notch.",0,0,"Jun 27, 2004"
9,"This album cannot be compared to YHF. My first reaction was that it was good but not great. But this album grows on you once you stop listening to it as a collection of good songs, as YHF is to me, and listen to it as a single entity. Now I can appreciate how great this album really is. YHF was a perfect 10 for me but in the end it is a collection of songs where this work stands as a single great piece.",0,0,"Jul 14, 2004"
8,"Wilco continues their hitting streak with a stellar record. Like YHF, the 'poppish' songs keep you hooked long enough to find the beauty in the more pensive pieces. The eccentricities of some of the tracks (mainly 'Less Than You Think') have not resonated with me yet, but I would not be surprised if it 'clicked' someday down the line.",0,0,"Jul 16, 2004"
10,"I totally agree with Joey M. while this album was a bit hard to grasp on the first few listens, luckily I was smart enough to not every dismiss a Wilco album! soafter I had played through it a couple times I started to recognize the beauty, and I think I would have to say that 3, 6, and 10 are my favorite songs on this masterpiece!",0,0,"Aug 17, 2004"
10,"I have come to the conclusion that A Ghost Is Born is just as good if not better than YHF. Best of 2004, for sure.",0,0,"Nov 20, 2005"
10,"Possibly the most underrated album of all time. Better than YHF. Stop sleeping on this album.",0,0,"Nov 28, 2005"
9,"Great album, but it requires more than one listen. What originally seems like drawn out nothingness is actually interesting and artistic. Very new, yet vintage at the same time.",0,0,"Jan 24, 2005"
10,"'I attack with love, pure bug beauty, curl my lips and crawl up to you, and your afternoon, and I've been puking,' is the most inspired example of rock and roll poetry since Stephin Merritt wrote 'On a ferris wheel looking out on Coney Island/under more stars than there are prostitutes in Thailand,' from 'Strange Powers'. 'Company in my Back' outshines anything Beck ever wrote, and this is no slam on Beck. Jeff Tweedy is just better. 'Wishful Thinking' is another gem. 'Is any song worth singing if it doesn't help?' is a very good question. A track like 'Spiders(Kidsmoke)' reminds me of how adventurous Prince once was on an album like 'Sign of the Times'. Listening to 'Spiders' elicited the same what is this reaction I had when I first heard 'The Ballad of Dorothy Parker'. 'A Ghost is Born' is the best rock album since Prefab Sprout's 'Two Wheels Good'.",0,0,"May 26, 2005"
10,"This album is absolutely phenomenal. I'm internally divided over which of their last two albums is better; but one thing is for sure, this album is a great follow-up to YHF. I love how wilcos music has progressed from album to album, and a ghost is born continues that tradition. Music fans that prefer simple and predictable arrangements will not like this album, but for those of us that are always looking for new music that is pushing artistic boundaries this album is an absolute must. Finally the united states has an answer to radiohead.",0,0,"Jul 31, 2005"
9,"Better than their first two releases and almost as good as their two masterpieces Summer Teeth and YHF, this is an amazing album, but one that definitely requires careful and repeated listenings to fully appreciate.",0,0,"Aug 26, 2005"
5,"Wilco was my favorite band. Now they have a CD that I can't get through even once without skipping to somthing else. This disc goes off the deep end, and the hooks are about gone. If Summerteeth is a 10, then this is a (kind) 5. My Best of Wilco has one song from this CD ( I'm a Wheel)",0,0,"Oct 31, 2006"
7,"It definitely doesn't hold a candle to YHF, there's some great moments but it lacks consistency.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2011"
9,"My second favorite Wilco record, right behind Yankee Hotel Foxtrot. Jeff Tweedy never ceases to amaze me. Great **** record filled with classic songs. There is definitely that 'noise' from YHF and it's wonderful. 'Wishful Thinking'.. goddamn.",0,0,"Aug  6, 2011"
8,"Decent follow up to Yankee Hotel Foxtrot. There's moment of musical bliss, but than there moments of over-indulgent noise that detracts from it's high points.",0,0,"Sep 22, 2011"
7,"It took me quite a while to get into 'A Ghost is Born'. While I still think it is a few steps below their best moments, repeated listening has changed my mind from thinking this was an average album to thinking it is a very good one.While parts of it are disappointing, this is mainly down to self indulgence on the part of the band rather than poor content. There are some good moments and some great moments but a little too often the person in charge of editing has left the room and the band are allowed to flog songs the way you would a dead horse. A couple of the tracks are 25 percent longer than they ever needed to be. 'At Least That's What You Said' and 'Hell Is Chrome' start the album well, but the rest of the album could have been alot better and crosses the line into self indulgence. There are better Wilco records but you could be listening to far worse.",0,0,"Nov  9, 2015"
9,"How is a ghost born? Someone dies, of course. This is the outlook of this album, taking terrible things that happen in life and making them resolve hopefully, all these thoughts swirling around a character on the border of madness.",0,0,"Oct 12, 2014"
7,"Overall enjoyable CD. Adds new life to some songs. Excellent exclamation point at the end with 'Like a Hurricane.'",0,0,"Jun 25, 2004"
8,"I am not a geat fan of Farrar - but I saw him live (and bought the CD at the gig). This album definitely shows his strengths, for all that he still drones on a bit. Not exactly fun, but surprisingly effective. The major difference is that he abandons all that tiresome tape loop stuff which just detracts from his unquestioned knack for an emotive delivery.",0,0,"Aug 12, 2004"
9,"This record defies the diminishing law of returns and reveals more inventiveness with each extra listen. Jim White shows signs of influences throughout the course of this record but never at the expense of his own maverick imagination.",0,0,"Jun 30, 2004"
9,"If you liked 'O' by Damien Rice (and who in the world didn't?)... you'll dig this cd a lot!",0,0,"Jun  4, 2004"
7,"I bought this album in the deliema of buying an album that I was less informed about. In the long run I was dissapointed, expecting it to be great after hearing the first track 'Static On the Radio'. The album is ominous at times and playful, in a novelty sort of way, at others. Overall it is not a bad album but I think it could of been better, with less effort.",0,0,"Aug 18, 2004"
10,"I bought this on the back of hearing track two 'Bluebird', thinking it was going to be this lush but ominous occasionally experimental folk album. Oh, how pleasantly wrong :D The Guardian's comments sum it um, White's got a penchant for the sounds of cool jazz through a modern spectrum of sounds. White's husky voice reads some fantastically raw and visceral lyrics, and all the guest spots are fine. Great tracks abound, like Static On The Radio, The Girl From Brownsville Texas and Phone Booth in Heaven, but the stark reality of hope/failure in the gorgeous Bluebird clinches it for me.",0,0,"Aug 23, 2004"
8,"Must admit I can't help but regard these two albums as one beautiful double player. Not normally what I would go for but an unexpected delight and my album of the year so far. Laid back, sometimes even ambient, yet rollocking in places, this was my most surprising discovery of 2004.",0,0,"Oct 27, 2004"
6,"I have nothing to compare this to, except 'No, You Come On', issued simultaneously, since these are the first two Lambchop albums that I've bought. This album seems much more sluggish than 'N,YCO'. There's nothing inherently wrong with the songs, but the string section seems overdone, and many songs sound similar. If you are going to buy one album, I'd highly recommend the companion piece. This album is so completely inoffensive that sometimes it sounds like it would be perfect background music for a two-year old's birthday party or maybe your 90-year-old grandma's. You can tell there's talent here but it's much clearer on 'No, You Come On.'",0,0,"Mar 12, 2004"
9,"Almost impossible to catergorize it's so varied. Difficult enough deciding which disc you'd like to listen to first; even after you've made your decision you'll be sorely tempted to play the disc that's just finished again. Superb.",0,0,"Mar 18, 2004"
9,"It's important to note that these albums were created as the soundtrack to the silent movie 'Sunrise' directed by F.W. Murnau (Nosferatu). Wagner started an expiremental challenge to write a song a day, during which time he was asked to produce a new soundtrack for a rerelease of the film. So, to refer to the music as background music is quite accurate. I'm a fan of the band, so i'm biased, but thinking of the music of both albums in this context makes each album even enjoyable for me. It's great (but challenging) stuff.",0,0,"Jan 14, 2005"
8,"Must admit I can't help but regard these two albums as one beautiful double player. Not normally what I would go for but an unexpected delight and my album of the year so far. Laid back, sometimes even ambient, yet rollocking in places, this was my most surprising discovery of 2004.",0,0,"Oct 27, 2004"
8,"This album came out the same day as 'Aw C'mon.' Lambchop has been around for awhile, and I hadn't bought any new music for months, so I thought I'd take a chance, based on what I'd heard about them. The other album I played first since based on the titles, it seemed the right thing. It was OK, but nothing I would have paid for if I'd heard it beforehand. I will agree that this is similar in many ways, but somehow, it seems more alive, both musically and lyrically. The songs have a wider range of tempos, instrumentation and vocal stylings. It also seems far more mature. Sure, I would have liked a few more uptempo pieces, but the variety does prick up your ears; they even do what almost sounds like an homage to the most fuzzed-out Yo La Tengo and some kinda jazz that seems like it should have been in an early 60's French film. The string section seems to be used to better advantage on this one too. I definitely enjoyed this album more, not so much for being visionary, but at least as a more fruitful composite of the past and the future. Does anybody else think that Kurt Wagner sounds like a 'Harold and Maude'-era Cat Stevens?",0,0,"Mar 12, 2004"
8,"True Detective! Quite a fascinating album that - as stated in the summary - blends all styles of country/folk with a laconic, yet hypnotic feel. Not always enjoyable, but always intriguing.",0,0,"Mar 19, 2014"
8,"Kings Of Leon's debut is a little overrated. Their other work is a lot better than this album. But nevertheless, Youth And Young Manhood is a good album with some great tracks. B",1,1,"Dec 14, 2010"
7,"Back when I thought they could kick my ass. Zero sign of anything they've done on their past two/three albums ('Charmer' on Because of the Times was close). 'Trani' is the best thing they've ever written and as Bob Dylan said, it's a hell of a song. 'Spiral Staircase' is/was great live.",1,1,"Aug  6, 2011"
10,"The Kings Of Leon's best album. So raw and beautiful at the same time. The hooks are great, and the songs fit perfectly together, and Caleb's voice gives me goosebumps when he takes it to the edge.",1,1,"Aug 18, 2014"
9,"Awesome debut album from KOL. Raw hillbillies left loose in a studio and the results are as you'd expect - wild, exciting rock and roll. You don't just get glimpses of potential here, you get pretty close to the finished article. They're missing the stadium rock anthems here no one is saying that's a bad thing. California Waiting and Molly's Chambers still rank up with their best work.",1,2,"Feb 15, 2012"
10,"this album wipes the floor with overated crap like the white stripes. thank god for something different.nice one boys.",0,1,"Oct 18, 2003"
0,"This is worst music I have heard. Vocals and instrument work show lack of talent and practice. Vocal pitch is poor, Reminds me of punk rocku froim years back, can't believe RCA is backing these guys, they muyst have really done a major sell job or snow job shall I say. Anyone who likes this doesn't know what good music really is, what a shame.",0,3,"Jul  2, 2005"
10,"this album is one of the best rock albums of all time - FACT! the kings raw sound on this album will never be topped hopefully they will try and make another album like this again.",0,2,"Oct 21, 2010"
8,"Youth & Young Manhood is a solid debut from the Southern Strokes, Kings of Leon. 'California Waiting' is one my favorites off this record and any of their records.",0,1,"Feb 19, 2012"
10,"a terrific debut album. gritty raw and full of southern rock tunes! Standout tracks, red morning light, trani, Molly's chambers, California waiting and genius.",0,1,"Oct 30, 2013"
10,"Bloody brilliant",0,0,"Sep  8, 2008"
9,"Kings of Leons's first album is good, simple, dirty garage rock 'n' roll. Almost feels like it was made in the mid seventies. no other band would get away with it but they do. Excellent album.",0,0,"Aug 30, 2009"
10,"kick ass",0,0,"Oct  2, 2003"
5,"Sorry, nothing special. Far far behind The Strokes or The White Stripes.",0,0,"Oct  8, 2003"
10,"Hallelujah! The best debut ever. My favourite CD of all time.",0,0,"Jan 13, 2005"
10,"The best band i have heard ever!! there music is different, in a good way. But i like the fact that 3 brothers and 1 cousin join together to make brilliant music :)",0,0,"Jan 26, 2006"
9,"Fantastic energy, rips out of the speakers, 'California Waiting' and 'Red Morning Light' are the highlights.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2007"
10,"A rockin' good album with nasty riffs, a killer rhythme section and vocals that will never be heard in any other band. not the most original, but better than nearly anything else released this year",0,0,"Sep 14, 2003"
10,"Unbelievable. The best new band I've heard in a very long time. Hands down best album of the year. 100% authentic rock, brilliant riffs, and gritty raw vocals. Kings can save rock and roll!!",0,0,"Jan 18, 2004"
10,"Excellent album, actually far better that the strokes in my opinion, Caleb has a better vocal style",0,0,"Dec 13, 2004"
9,"Rock N Roll at its finest. What a debut, roll on the second album.",0,0,"Apr  1, 2004"
10,"Superb and brilliantly original debut, the tag 'generic' just reflects how they have and stick to their own style",0,0,"Oct 13, 2005"
10,"As many ''buzz bands'' do the kings of Leon create allot of love/hate divide",0,0,"Dec 23, 2005"
10,"the best debut ever, the kings rock harder than any other rock band hanging around. They p*ss all over the strokes",0,0,"Apr 12, 2005"
10,"some people don't like it, but i think it's actually rather good",0,0,"May 24, 2005"
8,"nasty, dirty, and great",0,0,"May 30, 2005"
10,"Sam W is a fool! This album is F**King fantastic. If you dont like it dont buy it or listen to it! Simple.",0,0,"Aug 31, 2005"
10,"I can never decide what i like more: Times or Youth. But then i hear 'California Waiting' and music makes sense again. This is one of the top 5 debuts of the 2000s, no doubt about it.",0,0,"Dec 21, 2008"
9,"Notice the pitchfork review no longer exists. Great album.",0,0,"Jul 10, 2009"
10,"man, i love this album...it rocks front to back.",0,0,"Dec 22, 2003"
10,"The best to come a long in an long while.",0,0,"Aug 14, 2003"
6,"Kings of cut 'n' paste plagiarism.",0,0,"May 19, 2004"
10,"Bloody flippin fantastic. Wat garage is really about.",0,0,"Oct 22, 2005"
10,"Reffering to popmatters, i have to say this is definately the least hollow and insubstantial record iv heard, raw bluesy rock, they know how to swagger, and when it comes down to it they can whip out a classic calmer song. Great album",0,0,"Mar 18, 2007"
10,"Killer.",0,0,"Dec 11, 2003"
6,"Youth and Young Manhood may not be the bands most outstanding LP, but it still stands up quite well on the back's of some surprisingly strong, clever and fun garage rock tunes.
Kings of Leon's first two EPs form the backbone of their debut record (Holy Roller Novocaine gave us 'Molly's Chambers,' 'Wasted time' and 'California Waiting,' while What I Saw churned out 'Red Morning Light').  Smart to an extent, as the album sometimes feels like a fleshed out compilation of these two releases.
'Red Morning Light' (the album's first single) is a strong indication of what is to come, opening the album with bravado. The flesh carries us to 'Wasted Time,' (single #3) a short little rocker with a grimy edge. The only special moment barring the EP backbone comes with 'Trani,' a slow and reflective track with lots of soul. 'California Waiting' and 'Molly's Chambers' (singles #2 & 4 respectively) round out the framework of Youth & Young Manhood, and prove to be the two most memorable pieces on the record.
Divorced from the strong backbone taken from the bands first two EP releases, Youth & Young Manhood would prove itself unmemorable and pudgy. Luckily, we are able to look back on an entertaining, quirky and memorable release from Kings of Leon - without the slight commercial tinge seen on their latter releases.
Crazy and undeniably southern, here is a debut that is surprisingly worthwhile thanks to a powerful stable of well written garage rock hits.
Track Picks: || Red Morning Light || Wasted Time || Trani || California Waiting || Molly's Chambers||",0,0,"Oct  5, 2014"
8,"This really is a great recording that grows with each listen. The space junk fills what are usually silent transitions between tracks which I consider a captivating touch.",0,0,"Mar 29, 2005"
5,"Cool cover art, boring CD",0,0,"Jul 10, 2003"
9,"Son Volt it is not. He falls into his own and sketches pictures for your musical eye to follow. Get it..listen..lose yourself.",0,0,"Jul 16, 2003"
8,"Look, this is jay farrar solo. if you go on trying to compare it with tup or sv then you are a fool. those were collaborative. you can only compare it to sebatapol. this is a sketchbook, but in classic farrar style, it is what it is.",0,0,"Aug 21, 2003"
9,"great songs...could live without the space junk...one would have to be a true farrar fan to fully understand this album.",0,0,"Sep 24, 2003"
8,"This album takes a few listens to really digest the music. It is rather jolting at first, but the good songs do stand out. It's not as good a Sebastopol; but it is a change in pace for Farrar's music.",0,0,"Jul 13, 2003"
10,"delicate, beautiful... simple in the best possible way",0,0,"Jun 29, 2004"
10,"best record of the year",0,0,"Oct 30, 2003"
9,"It's not a masterpiece like 'Southern Rock Opera,' but if ever a band has followed a masterpiece honorably, this is it. Here there is less of the obvious Skynyrd influence and more of the country and punk influences that began DBT on its path toward southern rock, giving it a more unique sound. Meanwhile, the insightful, powerful songwriting that characterized 'Southern Rock Opera' remains in full force. This may be the best band working in the world right now.",0,0,"Sep  1, 2006"
10,"Maybe the most honest album made in the past 5 years. Pulls no punches and doesn't look down on its subject matter something very easy to do given the subject matter. Amazing, I listened to it every day for about two months.",0,0,"Oct 27, 2003"
8,"If 'Southern Rock Opera' was the DBTs 'Born to Run,' then 'Decoration Day' is their 'Darkness on the Edge of Town.' An unblinking look st the lives of the people on the lower rungs of the socioeconomic ladder in the 'New South.' Excellent.",0,0,"Aug 16, 2003"
10,"Best rock act going today",0,0,"Jul 26, 2007"
9,"Brilliant, melodic alt-country pop with trademark Jayhawk harmonies you can't get out of your head.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2003"
10,"It's fantastic! Melodic harmonies to die for, a true music lovers album.",0,0,"Apr 26, 2003"
9,"A seriosuly underrated album by the music rag pros above. This is an exquisite record, full of beautiful, melodic moments and heartfelt emotions. Easily the best Jayhawks disc since Hollywood Town Hall, and a must for all alt-country fans.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2003"
7,"It's good,you can tell gary Louris' honesty and hooks a mile off. It's not as satisfying as Smile however, after that anyhting may be a bit a bit anticlimatic.",0,0,"Jun  6, 2003"
5,"Some nice tracks. but weighed down with lots of poor quality. Brilliantly average.",0,0,"Oct  1, 2005"
9,"I vote 10 for 'all the right reasons'... well and 'Angelyne'.",0,0,"Feb  6, 2005"
9,"When I first heard this album a week ago, i liked it. I thought it was a little on the mellow side. I cant stop listening to it! Each song holds a poetic or melodic treasure. It hit me the same way the first counting crows album did. I would like to see a second album released soon called 'save it for a sunny day' and let Gary go crazy on that Gibson like everyone knows he can!",0,0,"Apr 29, 2003"
9,"One of the greatest albums ever made, be in my top twenty along with rubber soul its that good. sorry Mark Olson but you are not missed. Hopefully the next album will be as good",0,0,"May  9, 2003"
10,"great...louris is the best",0,0,"Jun 11, 2003"
10,"superb album full of brillant songs. Icant stop listenning to it!",0,0,"Oct  9, 2005"
10,"I am completely blown away by the beauty and honesty of this album. I can't stop listenning to it!",0,0,"Jul 21, 2003"
9,"An underrated album by all of the so called 'music critics'. While there may be other albums by the band with some better songs, this is definitely the Jayhawks' best from top to bottom. Very catchy, very melodic, very good harmonies and very addicting!",0,0,"Aug 12, 2007"
8,"A very good album by Alternative Country and Pop-Rock band 'The Jayhawks'. In this album, the electric guitars, soundscapes and keyboards hardly ever appear and the acoustic guitar becomes the lead instrument. Some very good songs like 'Angelyne', 'Save it for a rainy day' or Tim O'Reagan's 'Tailspin' (or should we say Bob Dylan's) and other incomplete and even boring songs like 'All the right reasons'. Yes, it isn't as strong as the country-rock 'Tomorrow the Green Grass' or the psychedelic 'Sound of lies' but all Jayhawk, pop or acoustic rock fans should have a listen. ps: they have rejoined so I suggest you go and see them on their shows!",0,0,"Aug  5, 2011"
10,"I have listened to all her CDs an feel this one is the best. A sincere purging with in the depths of emotions. Striking the core of reality of those whom ever walked in a river of pain and abuse.",0,0,"Feb  5, 2004"
9,"The beginning of the album is strong as i've ever heard. The first 6 songs just flow, but then, Atonement starts and just jars me. Gotta skip it every time. The rest of the album is rather uneven with both highs and lows. Still worth owning for the majority of the standout tracks. Just skip the ones you might not like.",0,0,"Aug 14, 2007"
5,"Some of the songs show off her brilliance, especially 'Righteously' and the title cut. But others, especially the twang-rappers, give you a 'what was she thinking?' feeling.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2003"
10,"This is a beautiful, wrenching album. capturing the sadness of _Car Wheels..._ while adding a raw lustiness that oozes from a depth that somehow seems close to the surface.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2003"
9,"Another great album for Lucinda. Different is not always worse.",0,0,"Jul  9, 2003"
10,"another wonderful record from Lucinda.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2004"
10,"her best? it's a toss up between Car Wheels on a Gravel Road and this album. She is truly an amazing performer and songwriter.",0,0,"Feb 14, 2007"
9,"I miss more artists like her in the now new so-called rock and roll world. She sings like amalia, aretha, nina, bob and brother ray did and heres the maximun expression of her art. Its like a punk and fado listening experience. Keep on pushing sister.",0,0,"Apr 15, 2003"
9,"If you're in the mood, if it's raining outside, if you've been mulling over some recent heartbreak, this'll keep you company just fine. Like an old knit blanket. She has one of those voices that you can FEEL.",0,0,"May 17, 2003"
8,"Fresh and different and bold. Just what I needed.",0,0,"Jun  4, 2003"
10,"honest & sincere",0,0,"Aug 26, 2003"
10,"Its like a cannibal has ripped this straight out of her chest. Could possibly reduce you to tears. i think its brilliant, the best yet.",0,0,"Jan  5, 2004"
9,"Great! Harder rocking.",0,0,"Apr  4, 2006"
7,"No Essence, but some great songs-",0,0,"Apr 23, 2003"
3,"Extremely disappointing. She has fallen far from the heights of Car Wheels . . .",0,0,"Jun 26, 2003"
10,"the best album i've ever heard",0,0,"Jan 28, 2006"
6,"Agreed this record starts out at a comfortable pace and canter.  Some how the cadence is thrown off and he road gets treacherous.  One of her best efforts, yet lacks consistency from beginning to end.  She needs to dance with the fella that brought her and not tease us with a dance or two with her best friend's little brother.",0,0,"Oct 28, 2010"
9,"Incredible release, seeing these guys live is something you can't miss out on. They are dead on. The new CD impressed me tons. I would have to say this will be their biggest commercial success.",0,0,"Apr 29, 2003"
10,"fuck. yes.",0,0,"Dec 25, 2006"
10,"Ga-ga.",0,0,"Mar 21, 2003"
9,"This is a gorgeous album. the kind that hurts it's so good. really. good shit.",0,0,"Mar 23, 2003"
10,"A triumph in compsure. Subtle, almost minimal. Refreshing compared to our mainstream over-produced cycle of pop music.",0,0,"Apr 26, 2003"
10,"This is going to be one of the finest releases of the year. If you liked wilco's YHF, don't miss out on the complexity of the sonic textures and sheer fine tunes in this one as well.",0,0,"Apr 26, 2003"
10,"it envelops you. its hard to rank it, because its more than perfect.",0,0,"Jan 27, 2004"
10,"Once when I was a sailor, I saw something in the water, something...unusual, mystical...it put me in a trance of sorts. I told the other sailors aboard, 'Oy, over here, there's some sort of unusual somethings in the water down here!' They came a running, a skipping, singing, all the things sailors love doing. So we end up getting this thing out of the water, its a stranged shape treasure box with a lock. I find a sledgehammer near by and smash the lock. Slowly I bend down...the sailors anxiously waiting to see what is to be found in this contraption. I open it, gold light comes pouring out, and in this box...Califone's album Quicksand/Cradlesnakes perfectly presereved. I take it out, give it a lookover, amazed at its beauty, and hand it to the captain. He takes his pipe out of his mouth and says the first thing he's said since 7 years back, 'Califone...my god, I thought...I thought...' And then he got down on his knees and put his hands up to his face and sobbed for what seemed like an eternity, an eternity of beauty. 20 minutes later we all go into the room where the only cd player is. I take the cd out of the case, place it in the stereo, and put my finger up to the play button...I look back to all the sailors, they are saying to me, 'Come on, push play, hurry.' So I push it, and what hits my ears is an instant orgasm. We have the cd on replay and listen to it for hours and hours all sitting down just staring blankly. It is now one year later and I still play this album and it is still as wonderful as it was on the ship one year ago. So please, if you have to steal this thing...do it, if you go to jail for stealing, it was definantly worth it. Enjoy my friends, enjoy... --- Sweet Cheeba Mantaray AKA Blue Tiger",0,0,"Sep 22, 2005"
10,"Only b/c there's no 11...best record I've heard in almost a decade...",0,0,"Nov 25, 2003"
10,"In my all time top 10 of albums.",0,0,"Apr  8, 2008"
9,"Great mixture of different musicstyles... All of high quality!",0,0,"Mar  5, 2003"
9,"Brilliant and wonderful. This is one of the best from 2003.",0,0,"Jan 30, 2004"
9,"Sometimes the songs are a bit less genuinely emotional than they're intended to be. But for the large part, a very good album with well written songs.",0,0,"Apr 13, 2005"
9,"Is it possible that the best mariachi-fueled rock album to date could come from somewhere other than Texas? I think it may be...",0,0,"Jul 23, 2005"
9,"Really one of the best Calexico works. Still entertaining after 3 years of repetitive audiences. Love it!",0,0,"Feb 11, 2006"
10,"This release adds many new flavors to the Calexico stew...recommended!",0,0,"Feb 26, 2003"
10,"Calexico's strongest effort thus far, and a well established string of songs. Though there is plenty of that 'Calexico' sound this album is somehow a step above for the group.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2003"
10,"A great album from this important band.",0,0,"Mar 18, 2003"
8,"An evocative and textured album, still intriguing after 2 years.",0,0,"Sep 11, 2005"
10,"This is the most unappreciated, underrated, unknown album I have ever listened to. This guys deserve way more credit than what they are getting. It draws from all sorts of genres, but still keeps its southwestern feel. It is simply amazing. A+",0,0,"Mar 31, 2012"
10,"perfect",0,0,"Mar 10, 2003"
8,"Soft and cool. Nothing rocks on it. If it's not folk music yet it is a perfect and dark immitation. Old house. Broken rocking chair. This man will definitely try to steal your girlfriend and then write really deep songs about how he doesn't care that it makes him sad.",0,0,"May 15, 2003"
10,"Will Oldham performs some of his most pastorally seductive songs sung with the utmost of poignant fragility. 'Hard Life' has remained my current favorite song for some 2 years now. Short and bittersweet...",0,0,"Aug  4, 2006"
10,"how ever, it is a really great album. great songs with a great voice!",0,0,"Mar 13, 2003"
10,"Once Again, Pitchfork is incredibly wrong. This is a wonderful record, juste good songs, a warm sound, a touching voice and it's wonderfully recorded. You feel like your sitting next to Oldham singning you his song. One of the best disc in my collection.",0,0,"May 12, 2006"
10,"I can't stop playing this CD.I have never been that big of a fan of Oldham and any of his incarnations, so I hesitated buying this CD. I purchased it based on the strength of the review in Uncut and I am glad I did. This is the best of 2003 so far will definately end up on my to 10.",0,0,"Feb 19, 2003"
10,"incredible. the most beautiful album i've ever heard, no questions asked.",0,0,"Apr 12, 2003"
6,"Gorgeous production, pretty songs, nothing new or interesting to anyone who isn't already a fan of Mr. Oldham's profilic, scattershot genius. He's written some brilliant songs in his career and all of them are on other albums. Nice, but fairly disposable.",0,0,"Apr 16, 2004"
10,"Esential listening",0,0,"Apr 21, 2005"
8,"Orth wrote some powerful lyrics that evoke some vivid images, and the collectively-produced music refreshes the listener like an afternoon dip in the local fishin' hole. My only suggestion would be to speed up the tempo, as Holopaw did on 'Hoover' and 'Took it for a Twinkle,' and try more gloomy, dirge-y experimentation as on 'Cinders.' Of course, that would turn them into Ugly Casanova?no, maybe they're best the way they are.",0,0,"Feb  8, 2003"
10,"beautiful. 'hula-la' has a profound effect on me.",0,0,"Jun  1, 2004"
10,"The best of the year: beautiful mysterious lyrics, sincere quivering vocals, passionate meandering music. I have worn grooves into my disc with repeated listenings, many times pressing replay immediately following the last note of the last song.",0,0,"May  4, 2003"
10,"Best of the Year",0,0,"Feb 12, 2003"
10,"this album blew me away",0,0,"Mar 11, 2003"
9,"Goddam clever album with many textures and peaks of volume and soul. Thank you Mr. Orth.",0,0,"May 16, 2003"
9,"Great album, it has become one of my more listened to CDs.",0,0,"Apr 11, 2003"
10,"Incredible. The sincerity of the album surpasses so much of the ironicly snide indie rock of today.",0,0,"Jan 22, 2005"
5,"This is a record dedicated to one type of people, I'm not that type. Its too slow, almost making me fall asleep. Nice to listen to, but no more than once.",0,0,"Jul  2, 2013"
9,"Demos, maybe.. But I think its great.",0,0,"Oct  5, 2002"
8,"Obviously lacking production, but I guess that's what outtakes and demo recordings are... Otherwise it's a good album.",0,0,"Sep 24, 2002"
9,"This isn't as good as Gold but what could possibly be better than Gold anyway. Give the man a break! Demolition would be worth buying just for the fantastic Chin up Cheer up. The songs are all great if not fantastic. A man whose demos are this good is definately going somewhere.",0,0,"Jan  8, 2003"
9,"Not his best but still on a level most in the business can only dream of hitting! It still has the classic adams voice singing songs like no other! Sir Spite Full, you are full of shit!",0,0,"Oct 31, 2007"
0,"Music fans, meet the new face of evil. Mr. Sensitive-Sweater Gap Ad is Courtney Love for gullible indie-folk listeners: a soulless, egomaniacal careerist with one eye on the charts & the other on Madison Avenue. Anyone under 45 who loves Ryan Adams should be slapped for selling out their rock and roll spirit & should be considered an enemy of the people.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2002"
10,"incredible. if you like ryan adams, you will LOVE this.",0,0,"Dec 10, 2004"
6,"Ultimately a fans-only release, 'Demolition' is exactly as scattershot as you'd expect a collection of demos to be: a few memorable tracks and a few more mediocre ones.",0,0,"Aug  1, 2004"
8,"Sir Spite Full Nice Job Not Having A Life Anyway Demolition is a nice little collection for any big fan of Ryan. it doesnt offer anything new but at the same time has some of the great moments expected in a Ryan Adams Record. Good times",0,0,"Oct 28, 2005"
9,"Great album, dear Chicago is simply fantastic",0,0,"Oct 25, 2006"
8,"Lacks continuity and theme. Therefor if viewed as an 'album' its somewhat weak. But each an every song is a wonderful jewel of Ryan Adam's style Alt-Folk-Country-Americana.",0,0,"Oct 18, 2002"
10,"all the critic that are down have no sould, this guy touches the sould with honesty and truth! Halleleuja!!",0,0,"Dec 10, 2002"
8,"I prefer this album to most of Ryan Adam's catalog. Call me crazy. It isn't quite Heartbreaker, but I'd take it over Gold any day. 'Dear Chicago' might be the best song he's written. 'Hallelujah' and 'Cry on Demand' are also among his best work. There are slumps, but they don't last long. For an artist who's a pretentious prick, this is the album that can make me look past that. But only for a few songs.",0,0,"Jul 16, 2011"
10,"16 Horsepower is simply amazing; David Eugene Edward's vocal abilities are hauntingly projected, just as the music behind his voice, creates an ambiance that has to be heard to be understood. Listen and you shall enjoy.",1,1,"Feb 23, 2006"
8,"Not the very best of 16 Horsepower but very good. The more you listen to this album, the more you likes it !",0,0,"Dec 17, 2002"
10,"Folklore sets a standard few albums have matched since. David Eugene Edwards and the band put more soul and feeling Into the music than we have a right to hear.  The album leaves you feeling like you just stepped out of a old western and truly is a work of art. David comes from a long history of playing and this album represents some of his best work.  In his current band Woven Hand he has developed his creativity and talent even further and is truly one of the most under appreciated musicians in the American music scene.",0,0,"Apr 28, 2013"
10,"Awesome, music from the rock and roll angels! Great songs jammed out to their max, along with slow and thoughtful sing-alongs. Instantly and unilaterally establishes the Tweedy legend.",4,4,"Oct  1, 2010"
10,"I agree completely with Pitchfork, this album is amazing.I mean it was great on thre first couple of listens but as I've spent more time with it I notice the subtleties and warm to those songs that I didn't like too much at first.",2,2,"Jan  3, 2011"
9,"Wilco has (had I guess) it all down. I'm glad this album didn't disappear.",1,1,"May  8, 2002"
10,"Though Not the most immediatly accesable album from the band, it remains one of their greatest, truley turning a corner in alternative country and giving a big fuck you to the rest of the shity music world. If you're smart and not so full of yourself as to have to dislike it because alot of people do, you'll love it. remember kids there's a reason to why some albums are popular",1,1,"Jan  6, 2006"
9,"the best marriage of folk acoustics and modern studio trickery",1,1,"Feb 24, 2005"
10,"It's a classic from the first clicks and buzzes of the opening track.",1,1,"Mar  5, 2006"
10,"Superb. Certainly one of the best albums of this decade (so far).",1,1,"Dec 24, 2007"
10,"The Wire is deaf. Beautiful voice, brilliant songwriting and subtle experimenting. Perfect & timeless!",1,1,"Dec 30, 2007"
10,"An excellent album that balances obscrue insturments and melodies with equally interesting lyrics and song progression; a must listen.",1,1,"Jul 25, 2007"
10,"Excellent album! Worth it's weight (wait?) in gold.",1,1,"Apr 16, 2002"
10,"Brilliant.",1,1,"May 29, 2002"
9,"I still cover 2 of these songs professionally:  Jesus etc. and Pot Kettle Black(for those that feel there are no pop hooks)On my worst review I give it a 6; on my best a 9-something....there are songs I still skip over (heavy metal drummer, kamera, radio cure)songs I still play (jesus etc., pot kettle black)song I'm indifferent (reservations, war on war, I'm the Man....)and song I still am intrigued by (poor places, I am trying..., ashes--esp the outlying guitar part)did they hype it?    probably   but why not hype what you've put a lot of work into?and I never actually bought any of it  so I give them a 9 overall",1,1,"Sep  5, 2010"
9,"A.M. was basically an extension of Uncle Tupelo; with Being There, Wilco moved from country to a kind of alternative country and have slowly swayed from their roots with each album. However, they manage to change styles without losing their appeal. Not a real catchy group of songs but a solid one nonetheless.",1,1,"Sep  8, 2010"
10,"Rolling Stone said it best when they called it 'an American masterpiece.' Upon it's release, it quite frankly, changed everything. They created a sound that has been done and redone ever since 2002. And I believe history will eventually place this up there with Sgt. Peppers & Blonde On Blonde. 'Ashes of American Flags' is a highlight on an album of highlights. To further dive into the making of this record, check out the documentary I Am Trying To Break Your Heart. Another classic in it's own realm.",1,1,"Jun 30, 2011"
3,"Overrated. I liked their work with Billy Bragg better.",0,1,"Jul  9, 2005"
3,"Let's not get carried away by the hype. Their label was right to refuse to release this record. It's their weakest album yet and is completely self-indulgent.",0,1,"May 29, 2002"
5,"dull dull dull dull dull. I'm reviewing this in early 2006 After having some perspective, I think this record was carried by sheer hype. I remember the songs clearly and how smug I felt listening to it (take that corporate fools!), but now I can not even will myself to put it in the cd player. The mere thought of this album can induce a coma.",0,2,"Jan  9, 2006"
4,"One of the most overrated albums of the new millennium period. There are four good songs on this album, and that's the nicest thing that can be said about it. Experimental? Yes, but something new? No, adding computer sounds and fuzz is experimental for this band, but it's an old trick. Good folk rock has two defining characteristics, melody and lyrics. The melodies on this album are mostly the same and wear out after the first four tracks. So then the lyrics... decent, but certainly not world class. For example, 'Jesus, etc.' is a gorgeous song with great lyrics, but 'I am the man who loves you' has thin melodies and lyrics that are just boring. It's background music, something that puts me to sleep every time I listen to it, and I've listened to it several times, each time thinking, 'maybe this time it'll be interesting.' It never is.",0,1,"Mar 17, 2008"
1,"Your chastizing me!! This album is not even close to the quality of some of justin timberlakes stuff.",0,3,"Sep 18, 2003"
10,"Masterpiece. Only one weak song, but even the black hole of 'Radio Cure' is absorbed into perfection with multiple listens.",0,0,"Aug  3, 2002"
10,"Brilliance times 10",0,0,"Apr 30, 2002"
10,"This disc changed my life. I can't stop listening to it.",0,0,"May  6, 2002"
10,"best album of 2002, period.",0,0,"Jan  3, 2003"
9,"A disc that demands your patience. From annoying cacophony on the first listen... to strange curiousity after awhile... it eventually leads you to the conclusion that YHF is a brilliant americana symphony. Best of 2002",0,0,"May  5, 2003"
10,"One of modern indie's most important records. Lyrics and music go along perfectly and create a truly fantastic atmosphere throughout the whole album.",0,0,"Oct  1, 2004"
9,"Great album, I think this album is at the top of my list by Wilco. It really shows that 'less catchy' music is worth listening to. Whoever said it doesn't live up to the quality of Justin Timberlake, I hope you were joking.",0,0,"Oct 25, 2004"
9,"Having listened to this album through several times, I find myself constantly re-evaluating it. It grew on me slowly, reaching a peak but after a time slowly falling out of favor as I acquired new albums. Having just listened to it through once again, I remember all of the reasons why I liked it. This is definitely an album that requires patience, but one that will ultimately reward your faithfulness to it.",0,0,"Jan  4, 2004"
10,"This album is among my favourites and it has nothing to do with the 'giving a big fuck you to those coporate assholes' or anything like that. It's because the songs are masterful, delicate, played well and carries a atmosphere of hopeful melocholy with it.",0,0,"Jul 22, 2006"
10,"The most experimental album from one of music most inovative bands. Wilco is a force to be reckoned with this year!",0,0,"Apr 23, 2002"
10,"this is the best album from 2001 and probably from 2002 too! God bless Wilco.",0,0,"Apr 30, 2002"
10,"This shimmering beauty of an album is destined to be an all-time classic . . . it effortlessly blends Jeff Tweedy's earnest, unpretentious lyrics of love, loss, and life in general with studio white noise that complements, rather than distracts from, the lovely melodies already present. An album this great is a necessary shot in the arm to modern pop mediocrity--any music lover will fall in love with Yankee Hotel Foxtrot.",0,0,"May 11, 2002"
8,"It doesn't live up to the hype. But how could it? I was expecting to hear the sound of the present riding a rail right to the future. Instead i got an interesting, melodic and original record.",0,0,"Jun 14, 2002"
10,"10/10...and its not even my favorite wilco album...",0,0,"Aug 13, 2002"
7,"Okay their a great band and this a great record but honestly people need to calm down. Seriously calm down. You know how many great bands have gotten dropped from major labels and no one ever cared? Wilco isn't that much more special.",0,0,"Feb 27, 2003"
2,"Boring hokey country pop sprinkled with electronica. It's awful, not an interesting note of music on the whole album. YHF is an album only music critics could possibly enjoy.",0,0,"May 15, 2004"
10,"*gasps* it's.....BEAUTIFUL!!!!",0,0,"Aug 18, 2004"
6,"Inconsistent effort. Some songs will move the listener, some songs will put one to sleep. It is as if the musicians fought with each other over musical direction and they each won a section of the recording. Disappointing!",0,0,"Mar  5, 2006"
10,"Yankee Hotel Foxtrot could be considered a triumph for Wilco because it showed that they didn't need Corporate America to make the album that they wanted to make. Even through all the chaos and struggle the band came out with one of the best albums of the millenium. The album is melodic and soft because of the guitar and voice of Jeff Tweedy but also the noise that propels into the song brings out what the album was meant for. Now I am a fan of Wilco because they make smart music that is at times a riot of a mess and at times an orchestral triumph. You will find that this album is one of their bests and will remain that way because it is one of the high rated albums that deserves it and in 2006 is still listenable and better than anything that has come out this year.",0,0,"Jul  9, 2006"
10,"The best album in a LONG time...",0,0,"Nov 11, 2002"
10,"i have the downloaded version that they put on their website last year, so i have been listening to it for awhile and cannot hear it enough. definitely their best yet!",0,0,"Apr 23, 2002"
10,"This record is an instant classic. There hasn't been a better record released since the last Wilco record in 1999. GET THIS RECORD!",0,0,"Apr 25, 2002"
10,"Artistic masterpiece",0,0,"Apr 26, 2002"
10,"The bells and whistles are different, but the core is classic Wilco.",0,0,"Apr 29, 2002"
9,"Simply amazing. Flowing tales, rockin' fun, introspective, lost love, hidden fun... all rolled into one record company-panned album. A word to describe Reprise Records (in their decision to dis wilco an this album): Moronic.",0,0,"Apr 29, 2002"
10,"what's next? wilco",0,0,"May 22, 2002"
10,"Sheer unadulterated genius",0,0,"May 28, 2002"
8,"Just about all the glowing praise has already been said. I don't disagree in the slightest. But what I've yet to read is that the album cover is clearly borrowed from Modest Mouse's 'Lonesome Crowded West' album. Borrow one, borrow all. Such is music.",0,0,"May  6, 2002"
9,"Hard to remember the last time that the more I listen to an album the better I like it. This is one of them. Jesus, etc. is the best song of many.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2002"
10,"What makes YHF astonishing is how much it resonates after Sept. 11. And all the songs were written and recorded months before. For the remainder of my life, whenever I listen to this disc, it will be a haunting reminder of what occured that day. An Amazing Disc.",0,0,"Jun 14, 2002"
10,"This album is one of the most beautiful pieces of music I have heard for years. So it does not possess the political and breathless intelligence of the Minutemen's Double Nickels on the Dime or the brilliant anger of Nation of Millions or the genius of the White Album or Sgt. Peppers, etc. It is true - this is not pure pop music genius as the above albums are. On the other hand, it comes very close to that level. Sure - it cannot compete against the true greats outside of pop music (e.g., Kind of Blue). But, compared to the formulaic music that has been steadily pumped out since the mid 90's (see Wilco's early albums), YHF is revelatory. Congrats, Jeff.",0,0,"Jul 12, 2002"
9,"One of the most refreshing, yet strangely familiar sounding albums I've ever heard. I stupidly lent it to my friend without considering the huge withdrawl symptoms i was bound to feel! Please! Give it back!",0,0,"Jul 20, 2002"
9,"This was the album of the year...until 'The Rising' came out...",0,0,"Jul 31, 2002"
8,"this is, hands down, the best wilco album yet, featuring some of tweedy's best all-around offerings including the bouncy i am trying to break your heart, and the beautiful poor places. it is not, however, the GREAT album that it has been made out to be. perhaps the best album thus far this year, though ugly casanova could give it a run for its money.",0,0,"Aug 31, 2002"
7,"Apparently Wilco spent a lot of time listening to Stephen Malkmus's debut before recording Yankee Foxtrot. Wiclo is a group that used to rag on Pavement and now offers us a mild imitiation.",0,0,"Aug  6, 2002"
10,"Definitely my favorite cd right now... and has been for the past few months. Never before has a cd captured me so squarely. Please tell me how someone can NOT like this cd?",0,0,"Sep 19, 2002"
10,"Listen and Listen, it gets better.",0,0,"Sep  3, 2002"
10,"I've noticed that this has been said in 2 out of every 3 reviews I've read: if you judge this album by the first time through, you're going to be missing out and probably making others miss out. I was very doubtful that this would be a good cd. I ended up listening to it 8 times through the first day I bought it and it's definitely a must have.",0,0,"Jul 15, 2003"
9,"YHF is an album I find myself returning to over and over.",0,0,"Dec 30, 2004"
10,"I have purchases a ton of CDs since I picked up 'Yankee Hotel Foxtrot.' Somehow, YHF is the one that keeps finding its way back into my CD player. It inspired me to purchase the rest of the Wilco catalog, all of the Uncle Tupelo albums, the Billy Bragg collaborations, and albums by related bands, like Son Volt. As of yet, nothing has compared to YHF - perhaps, for me, nothing will. That all being said, I sort of hated it the first time I heard it. It took two or three listens before I realized that it was actually pretty amazing. Now, I find new things every time I listen to it. While I'm not convinced that this album I for all tastes, I do believe that more people would like it if they had an opportunity to hear it. That said, I highly recomend it.",0,0,"Jan  6, 2004"
8,"This CD is, simply put, a band and a songwriter at the top of their games. Wilco leaps headlong into musical experimentation and create a masterpiece. There is not a single weak track contained in these 11 songs. However, this is not easy-access listening. The music is dense, covering the inherent beauty of Jeff Tweedy's melodies. Upon repeated listenings, however, the beauty of this poignant country-rock album is revealed in all its stunning glory. 'I am trying to break your heart' will be your least favorite song upon first listen and your most favorite after your tenth. This record only gets better.",0,0,"Mar 13, 2004"
2,"How an album that contains such pedestrian and unmemorable music thoroughly gauzed over with electronic studio trickery and hampered by pretensions to poetry has fooled so many people continues to surprise me. This is an album implicitly and explicitly MADE FOR rock critics.",0,0,"Jul 26, 2004"
9,"Takes some getting used to and a few repeat listens, but once it finally connects... wow. Like a rush of chills in your ears.",0,0,"Oct 25, 2005"
10,"My first listen to this album was a little dissapointing as I soaked in what seemed a monotone acoustic guitar and lyrics about a camera (my brother had me skip the noise ridden elegaic 'I am trying..'. I dismiissed it and yet kept listening to it, until I found myself playing it from start to finish over and over and over and over again. The album is a masterpiece, a mood changer and a revelation in listening to music.",0,0,"Feb 22, 2005"
10,"Definitely one of the 5 best albums so far this decade. This timely masterpiece blew me away with its sonic creativity and poetic honesty,and sheer melodic brilliance.",0,0,"Mar 27, 2005"
10,"The more you listen, the more you will like!",0,0,"Apr 10, 2005"
9,"many say that it is a kid a ripoff , but the truth is, that is infinitely better",0,0,"Jun  1, 2005"
10,"One of the best albums I have ever heard. I really love this album, and think you will too!",0,0,"Jun 16, 2005"
10,"Keep listening! The more I hear this album the more I want to hear it again. This is the kind of album that becomes first priority and comsumes your musical thoughts. A truely great album from start to finish. YHF has set a standard that I doubt can be attained by many bands. Perfect in so many way!",0,0,"Jul 14, 2005"
10,"The final exclamation point of alternative rock. Demanding of the listener but well worth the dozen plays required to 'get there.' The best recording to date of this young century. And all of this from someone who has been listening to 'rock' in all its variations and aberrations for over 40 years.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2006"
9,"An outstanding album!",0,0,"Nov 13, 2002"
10,"this is my favorite CD. I have never heard better music than this",0,0,"Nov 18, 2002"
9,"Being There is still Wilco's masterpiece, an amazing combination of musical genre. YHF is a less ambitious project, but manages to surpass Being There in some ways. It is carefully built around a central theme, is musically multi-layered and, most importantly, is works at an intense emotional level. The more you play YHF, the more you appreciate its depth.",0,0,"Nov 27, 2002"
9,"An amazing progression. Wilco keeps on growing and improving with each new realese!",0,0,"Apr 13, 2002"
10,"Flawless, haunting, stalking, lingering masterpiece. Wilco have arrived and cemented in place an album that is unique and familiar, an album that is destined to be remembered. Brilliant.",0,0,"Apr 22, 2002"
10,"Yeah, it's perfect.",0,0,"Apr 24, 2002"
10,"I agree.",0,0,"Apr 24, 2002"
10,"simply the best record since 'Automatic for the People'",0,0,"Apr 26, 2002"
10,"This album? A Masterpiece? Don't judge it. Just give it a listen. And keep listening. Don't force yourself, you'll want to keep listening. You'll want to hear every note and every smokey word until you can't live without them. God bless you, Jeff Tweedy, you poseur hick, you.",0,0,"Aug 13, 2003"
10,"its not even worth argueing over, this alum is so obviously the best of the last decade.",0,0,"Jun 24, 2004"
10,"One of the greatest musical achievements ever. There is more in the album than any of us could ever dream of.",0,0,"Jan 14, 2005"
10,"While other bands put out albums that are less melodic and tuneful, Wilco refuses to be mediocre and takes the high road on an avenue of great country-influenced melodies, true lyric genius, and pointed social commentary. The best example of the last of these three has to be 'War on War,' which is my favorite song on the album because it reminds me of how hard this war business really is.",0,0,"Feb 24, 2005"
10,"Easily Wilco's most defining album. From the relaxing Violins is Jesus, ect, to the tearing guitar solo in I'm The Man Who Loves You, this album does it all. A Masterpiece.",0,0,"Mar 23, 2007"
10,"phenomenal album. it is one of those albums that i could listen to over and over again, even though i already know the whole thing by heart. although some tracks are not as great as others, they lyrics are consistantly unbelievable, and it has gotten me hooked to the band and jeff tweedy. clearly, im a huge fan, and i could not have asked for a better album",0,0,"Dec 26, 2006"
9,"Yankee Hotel Foxtrot is a great album. It has soft melodies that just stick in your mind. It's simply amazing. 'Jesus, Etc' is one of the best songs I've ever heard. All In All, Wilco has made a fantastic album that gets better with multiple listens. A-",0,0,"Jan  8, 2011"
10,"A flawless album, everything in it is balanced perfectly. At the end it feels like a record that you can dig as deep as you'd like, yet at the same time one with which it is perfectly comfortable to stay on the surface.",0,0,"Jul 10, 2011"
10,"An important, thought-provoking album by a the genre changing band. This is their greatest achievement. Watching the documentary 'I Am Trying to Break Your Heart' gives you an idea of what kind of problems they had trying to put this album out. YHF hit me like a ton of bricks, just like an OK Computer or Sea Change.",0,0,"Sep 22, 2011"
7,"It's good but I just don't think its as good as some people say. YHF is definitely the bands most ambitious album and arguably their broadest in terms of scope but for me it's a little short of their best work. YHF is an album that starts off in a curious manner and certainly sparks your interest but as often is the case with Wilco, too often the band miss the right time to move a song forward or develop an idea which sometimes leaves the record with a self-indulgent feel. Plenty of good songs and interesting ideas but not enough material that you could class as truly great. You could do worse with your time than check this out but there are better records out there.",0,0,"Jan 23, 2015"
10,"Perfect albums are not too easy to come by at all, and it's debatable that such flawlessness even exists, yet Wilco have simply crafted a masterpiece of American indie rock. Jesus Etc. might even be one of the greatest songs ever written.",0,0,"Apr 15, 2014"
8,"Often considered one of the finest releases of the 2000's, Yankee Hotel Foxtrot finds Wilco in a much more soothing and contained light than their previous releases. The instrumentation is luscious and ambitious, and are backed up by Tweedy's beautiful lyrics and vocal delivery. The album may fail to engage me all the way through, but there's no denying that an album that has songs like 'I am trying to break your heart', Jesus, etc' and 'Ashes of American Flags' in it deserves a big place in history.",0,0,"Sep  4, 2016"
9,"Best album of 2002 yet. Proof that less can be more.",0,0,"Mar 22, 2002"
9,"This is a slow, slow burn - especially if you're coming straight after the relative euphoria of Nixon. But give it a few listens and it'll sneak up and strangle you in it's relaxed, measured splendour.",0,0,"Apr  9, 2004"
9,"one of the greatest music's that they have",0,0,"Apr  5, 2005"
9,"Just kept replaying it, however not as many times as Nixon",0,0,"Oct 17, 2002"
8,"Ryan Adam's Heartbreaker introduced the contemporary alternative-country music scene to the enigmatic, frustrating, and often-times wasted lead singer of Jacksonville, NC's Whiskeytown. After splitting with co-leader and songwriter, Caitlin Cary, Adams seemed too want to prove exactly how much he'd been held back by his band. Heartbreaker sounded like an album cut by a madman. Adams seemed to throw haymaker after haymaker with huge whiskey soaked anthems like 'To Be Young', the gorgeous and dismal 'Come Pick Me Up', and perhaps the most underrated song of the year, 'Oh My Sweet Carolina'. The latter was a sweet, longing ballad sung with the inimitable Emmy Lou Harris.His follow up, 2001's 'Gold' found Adams perhaps a little less riled than he'd been on Heartbreaker, but he retained an intense focus on rapidly producing fantastic pop music. The album opens with the timely 'New York, New York' which springs forth with a strange ease for a native North Carolinian. In the dust of the World Trade Centers' collapse, the song became a solemn battle cry for those who saw the video on MTV and VH1. This proved important for him gaining the national spotlight. The next couple of songs seem to be open love letters to the Counting Crows. As if the rollicking country backing bands accented with banjos, reverb-laden telecasters, and Hammond B3 organ weren't obvious enough, Adam Duritz even makes an uncredited appearance with backup vocals on 'Answering Bell'. Critics may fault these songs for relying too heavily on their influences, but as strong an argument would be saying that rather than imitating Dylan, the Stones, or the Counting Crows, Adams was celebrating them in earnest, though not without flair. The fourth track is the hushed, melancholy 'La Cienda Just Smiled'. The same old tale of loving, then losing may have been sappy if the song had been produced differently. Instead, light, trebly, driving 32nd strums form the backbone of the track over which Adams sings simple, sorrowful, matter of fact lyrics as melodic acoustic guitar fills in the gaps.  Further ambiance in the song is aroused by seamlessly mixed-in synth pads.The next significant track is  the stunning 'When The Stars Go Blue'. To whom from behind tears is Adams  pleading 'Where do you go when you're lonely, where do you go when you're blue'? When his voice arches into an aching falsetto during the chorus, the sheer beauty of the moment nearly covers the sadness (but it doesn't quite). Julianna Raye's restrained vocal harmonies perfectly accent Adams' vulnerable call. The song is, simply, very, very good. Adams has created a good number of excellent songs, but this song may quietly be his best.Adams scores more points still with the rambling and **** 'Gonna Make You Love Me More', immediately followed by the broken-voiced, 'Harder Now That It's Over'.  The last gem of the album is the southern-gospel, R&B of 'Touch, Feel, Loose'. The song is significantly different from the rest of the album, but it's so good that you may catch yourself wondering why Adams doesn't just put out a whole album with similar work.Perhaps the only significant fault of the album is that it goes on a little long. While there are no bad songs, there are songs that simply don't contribute much to the overall aesthetic of the album. There probably should have been 10-12 songs on the album - there are 16. It's the length of the album that makes it unravel (though not much) toward the end. Did he not know when to quit? It's probably more likely that in the most prolific period of his career, he simply couldn't stop.",1,1,"Sep 17, 2011"
9,"This is artificial but, try to think of this as one of those old double album seventies singer-songwriter masterpieces (with sides starting song 1, 6, 9 & 13) - this works a treat. Cut off that hippy fat and add a wink and ya got gold, pure gold!",0,0,"Aug 16, 2002"
9,"this is a classic...it really is..good simple music can be so cool...i would have never thought.. a must but for everyone ..",0,0,"Apr  5, 2004"
7,"ryan tries too hard to be neil young, bob dylan, mick jagger, et al. all at the same time. not that he cares what others think (which is good in a way) but this album just doesn't have the punch, the emotion, or the lyrics of anything he did on 'heartbreaker' or just about everything he did with whiskeytown. that said, this is still a really good disc, it's just disappointing given his track record. that's life, ryan.",0,0,"Aug 23, 2002"
9,"Have recently discovered Adams as an artist, and the more i listen the moe i am impressed by his song writing ability. This album reached into your heart and soul and rocks it! - brilliant.",0,0,"Dec 20, 2005"
9,"It may not be as strong as 'Heartbreaker' or some of his work with Whiskeytown, but to say this album is bad is just plain stupid. There's a reason why it made number 6 on the top ten list of ALOT of critics. (Check out the Best of 2001 to see what I mean.)",0,0,"May 25, 2005"
10,"truly magnificient, definitely the greates songwriter around at the moment.",0,0,"Jul 25, 2002"
10,"Just bought this CD yesterday and after a few listens I have to say I love it. Somewhere between Bob Dylan, Springsteen and Counting Crows. I lay on the floor of my messy room listening to it as I drank beers off my guitar case.",0,0,"Aug  6, 2003"
10,"Heartbreaking good. Ryan Adams at his absolute best.",0,0,"Jul 21, 2006"
9,"Magnificent, an album to fall in (and out) of love by.",0,0,"Mar 31, 2007"
9,"Probably Ryan Adam's most commercially successful record and for me it's his best. It's a long record at 16 tracks but there is so much quality to be found. From the classic opener 'New York, New York' to the soft closer 'Goodnight Hollywood Blvd', its a superb record lyrically and musically. Highly recommended and a great place to start if your looking to get into this artist.",0,0,"Apr 25, 2012"
9,"After convincing my local CD dealer (yes, you, Play it Again Invercargill) it was not Bryan I was after, I took a punt on a friends recommendation and tried Gold. It was a little like getting into the Beatles at Sgt Peppers (which I did) - only to discover Heartbreaker (Revolver), and then try to keep up with his prolific outpourings. A real go to album. Go to it.",0,0,"Nov 16, 2011"
10,"From the soft, lovely tone of 'When The Stars Go Blue' to the sheer rock-out-loud attitude spilling out of the tune 'Tina Toledo's Street Walkin' Blues', this album presents itself as a showcase of some of the absolute best of what Ryan Adams has to offer from his ever-expanding musical collection.  Even though I did not quite get the appeal of 'Sylvia Plath', I am confident in saying that this album is a shining example of Mr. Adams' incredible capacity to write many songs that are above average; a quality that is much more rare than anyone really ever takes time to appreciate.  That is why this is in my top five of studio albums ever produced.",0,0,"Jul 14, 2013"
