7,"Elasticity is a solid techno album by A Sagitturn. None of the tracks are bad, Telescopium is an intense standout. Slow Dive is a nice chill techno number.",0,0,"Jul 24, 2016"
9,"Underworld's work is, at the same time, both iconic and underrated. Most people know the British electronica duo as the authors of the 'Trainspotting' theme a landmark in EDM and rave culture, but care to see well beyond this particular piece. Outlandish. 'Barbara Barbara, we face a shining future' proves once again that the band's talent is unlimited, and adds a whole new set of great songs to their repertoire. Songs which prove that, at almost 60 years-old, both Rick Smith and Karl Hyde aren't outdated. No. They are very much alive and up-to-date, despite continuing on with an eclectic formula that started back in 1993, with 'Dubnobasswithmyheadman'. Of course, having aged and survived dark times (check out Consequence of Sound's interview with Karl Hyde), the duo's sound has had a few trade-offs: less raw energy, more focused brilliance (e.g. 'If Rah' and 'Low Burn'); less boisterous beats, more mellow notes (e.g. 'Ova Nova' and 'Nylon Strung'). Nonetheless, it is still quintessential Underworld, at its finest. Calling a recent album 'a timeless piece of art that will endure the test of time' may seem a little misplaced, even reckless. This is not the case: 'Barbara Barbara, we face a shining future' will certainly achieve it. See you in ten years!",1,2,"Mar 18, 2016"
6,"Unfortunately Underworld lost their energy. Its a soft album. The thing that fascinated me, which used to be the energy mixed with hypnotic states, is no longer here. A Hundred Days Off was already less powerful. Barking was definitely one step down for me. Too 'melodic'. I hope they can come back to 'the good old days'. Still have hope. Despite this, I will listen to Barbara more carefully. I might be wrong...",0,4,"Mar 21, 2016"
0,"A real disappointment! Each song sounds the same, all in the same dreary tempo. It's amazing that the same band that released Beaucoup fish and other amazing albums has written this sleeper.",0,1,"May 30, 2016"
10,"My real rating is an 8, but I've given a 10 to counteract the rubbish '1' in red that some idiot gave this.  This album isn't in the same league as Toughest in the Infants, and and there aren't the same wow-level earworms like Slippy or Pearl's Girl, but it is much better than anything that came afterwards and I can easily see 'I Exhale' featured in the opening credits of Danny Boyle's sequel to Trainspotting.  It's coming, and we all know it would be incomplete without an Underworld montage.  This album is both immediately satisfying and a grower.  EDM needs more 'intellectual' artistry, and this carries that torch.",0,0,"Mar 29, 2016"
9,"This album is beautiful electronica. Each track shimmers and shines with grace and poise. It's awesome that musicians who've been recording this long (35 years if you include Freur) can still come up with such amazing, original, inspiring music.",0,0,"Jul 17, 2016"
1,"A shameless attempt to cash in on the success of The Force Awakens by mixing the obnoxious bland pop aesthetics of today with random SFX/dialogue from the classic Star Wars films. Most of the tracks don't feel inspired at all by Star Wars. Just...why?",1,1,"May 11, 2016"
8,"This an extremely cool album! Definitely worth downloading! I listen to it every night. If you are a fan of Star Wars, you should definitely have the Star Wars Headspace album!!",0,1,"Apr 17, 2016"
3,"For an electronic trance album (EP) this isn't that bad. Only two songs I liked were Opus & Breathe. I wished there would had been more meaningful writing on the album",0,0,"Mar 28, 2016"
8,"After nearly 12 years on the scene Eric Prydz finally releases his debut LP and yes, it's great.
If you're looking for something different or groundbreaking then you're better off looking elsewhere, but if you're looking for a solid dance album produced and mastered to perfection then you're in for a real treat. This is the same Eric Prydz I grew to love over the past few years - unmatched chord progressions, beautiful melodies and some hard hitting drums, this is progressive house at it's best.
The opening track, 'Liam', has a great metallic arp and string progression - and serves as a great introduction to the album, while a track like 'Trubble' takes a more darker approach, a definite standout on the album. This LP has a lot to offer, but I still think it might be a bit too much for the casual listener.
Opus is also quite a large body of work, offering almost 125 minutes of material. Tracks on the album follow a similar structure, meaning each track reflects off of the one before it - this creates a great overall flow without having to rely on a continuous mix.
Prydz mostly sticks to instrumentals throughout the LP, but a few vocal tracks managed to slip through as well. There's a noticeable drop in tempo and energy in these tracks which is not necessarily a bad thing because it gives the listener some breathing room before the next energetic instrumental hits. The vocal track, 'Breathe' (featuring Rob Swire), could definitely be on it's way to becoming a great commercial hit.
This is a fantastic album, there's no denying that, but even though I consider myself a lover of progressive house, I couldn't help but feel as if this album dragged on a bit at times. Other than that, it's a great piece of work and the production on here is nothing short of perfection - a true studio masterpiece.
Had this on repeat for a couple of days now. If you consider yourself a fan of progressive house or even just dance music in general, definitely give Opus a listen.
My personal favourites from the LP: 'Collider', 'Last Dragon' and 'Every Day'
- Alex Heyns. Cape Town, South Africa.",0,0,"Mar 14, 2016"
7,"This is a pretty solid album -- as authentic and true to its original influences as you will find.  If you already own their first album, this is a worthy follow up.  If you are looking for something fresh to complement your collection of Chic, Skyy, or Change albums, this will fit the bill.  The only downside is that it's not particularly inspired or original.  If you are not already deep into the (neo-)disco style, there are better places to start.",0,0,"Nov 18, 2015"
10,"Not surprised. Disclosure has created their sophomore album, and it was better than Settle, although both albums are unique at their own style. Disclosure has done it again.",3,3,"Oct 23, 2015"
10,"The definition of crazy is doing the same thing twice and expecting different result.except when it comes to dropping an album.  Some wanted a Settle 2. No doubt Settle was a classic and catches on instantly.  This is more  slow deep connection that draws you in after each listen but deeper than the first.  They touched a different fan base a drew in a new crowd with this one.  The bass is phenonmenal, vocals are repetitive but fun, and some songs make you want to cruise, others just listen, and some just go out and party on New Years eve like theres no tomorrow.  You can listen to every song all the way through which to makes it a classic.  Best song Hourglass, Nocturnal, Willing & Able, Good Intentions, Magnets. Caracal made me go buy actually CD which I havent done in years.",2,2,"Nov  8, 2015"
6,"After recording one of dance music's most critically-acclaimed debut albums in years, which merited two Grammy nominations and a nomination for the 2014 Mercury Prize, the British electronic duo of Guy and Howard Lawrence were compared to early revolutionaries of the house genre such as Daft Punk and Basement Jaxx. Expectations of the duo were very high long before the release of this, their second album.
The record features a stronger guest presence than their debut, 'Settle', with nine of the albums eleven tracks featuring guest artists, including The Weeknd, Sam Smith, Lorde and American jazz musician, Gregory Porter. However, where the presence of the Lawrence brothers was always noticeable on 'Settle', the wide variety of guests artists this time around plays to the records disadvantage, with very little in the form of cohesion between the tracks. While this is the album's major flaw, is almost seems the record was written not to be played from start to finish. The production on several tracks, particularly the Sam Smith-fronted 'Omen' and 'Jaded', make these two tracks feel quite flat and bland. 'Holding On' and 'Echoes' seem destined for huge amounts of play in nightclubs around the world. 'Willing and Able' and 'Good Intentions' demonstrate the deeper house sound that the duo have adopted since 'Settle', while 'Hourglass', featuring vocals from Lion Babe's Jillian Hervey is too long and and the bass is FAR too repetitive. Auto-tune also takes any emotion out the vocals on this track, and do so even more on 'Omen', taking away the most identifiable aspect of Sam Smith's vocals in the process, but still manage to suit the song. When the guests vocalists, production and the instrumentals all come together, it just sounds fantastic. The Lorde-featured 'Magnets' is unquestionably the best song on the album, with the New Zealand-born singer-songwriter providing one of the best vocal performances on a Disclosure track to date. The opener to the album, 'Nocturnal' featuring R&B's newest sensation The Weeknd, could easily have fitted well on his latest album 'Beauty Behind the Madness', as well as it being a strong opener to the album here with it's textured synths and good use of drum machine, although the instrumental section is a little drawn out. The closer of this record, 'Masterpiece', is arguably, the most sensual song the duo have recorded to date.
Overall, this album is quite a mixed bag, with potential hits, some fantastically written songs, and of course, it's fair share of stinkers. 'Caracal' is not as good as 'Settle', nor is it as cohesive, but it is an album that will likely maintain the duo's pop appeal whilst deepening their sound in the process. A solid album.
Album Highlights - 'Nocturnal', 'Magnets' and 'Echoes'.",1,1,"Sep 30, 2015"
9,"As a massive fan of Settle, this album came as a bit of a shock to the system, as it is definitely a far more experimental album with less focus on their deep house sound and more on a bass-fuelled pop sound which admittedly I can't get enough of right now.
While admittedly it's inferior to Settle, tracks like Hourglass and Holding On feel like evolved forms of the best sounds from that previous album; which ultimately had they utilised this in more of the tracks I think this album would be garnering more attention than it currently is.
I like to think I've supported this band from their incredible debut 2 years ago, and even though Settle had weaker tracks than others I think in particular 'Echoes' and 'Good Intentions' are not only both tracks that sound a little out of place on the album, but are almost filler material. Though so far that is my one and only criticism of the album. A must listen for fans, however this may not bind as well universally with other listeners.
A side note for real fans of this band; the tracks on this album when played live I can only imagine will be another phenomenal experience as they are touring in the next few months in the UK....",1,1,"Oct  1, 2015"
8,"After 'Settle', the expectations were on the roof for the Lawrence brothers to create another brilliant and groundbreaking album... 'Caracal' doesn't quite meet that expectations, because lets face it, Disclosures debut album was a beautiful masterpiece!!
Having said that, I still have enjoyed tremendously listening to this new album! The brothers do a great job playing to the guests strengths, showing off the prowess and understated brilliance of Kwabs, Lorde and Miguel, and introduce the big audiences to newcomers LION BABE and Nao.
The biggest stars Sam Smith and The Weeknd don't amaze me particularly, but their songs will step right into all the Tops and take Disclosure to broader audiences.
To conclude: Caracal falls far from Settle, but still plays to my heart!
7.5/10",1,1,"Oct  1, 2015"
9,"To be honest Caracal seems to be the better album. After listening to both this and Settle, I find that they're almost equal in originality, sound quality, and overall grandness. I have no complaints really and I find this to be a must buy
9/10 Amazing",1,1,"Oct 29, 2015"
9,"It's not Settle. You're not going to get the killer basslines or disoriented samples of 'Voices' or 'Stimulation', or even the CVS-ready pop hit 'Latch'. At first listen, it might seem a little dull - the synth wubs all sound the same, the hit hats always have the same danceable shuffle, and it seems like whatever chord patch they're using builds up exactly the same way before the drop.
But listen again. And read their interviews. Because Disclosure have taken themselves in a different direction here: they're less about creating dance hits and more about the brilliant songwriters they've featured. And the songwriting is there - from the chilled out brilliance of 'Willing & Able' to the undeniably catchy 'Magnets', just because the tempo dropped doesn't mean the record is any less eye-catching. At least, not if you go in with the right expectations.
Disclosure have been clear about what this album means for their evolution. And sure, the song structures might get a little repetitive, and maybe 'Omen' didn't catch on the way everyone hoped it would. Nevertheless, there are quality ideas here. Before you knock the lack of club anthems and house hits, relisten. There's passion in every voice. It's all about the songwriting.",11,12,"Sep 25, 2015"
10,"if Caracal outside Disclosure debut album had risen sure the rate of criticism. Good lyrics, good beats, good bass etc,What is wrong with the album??, caracal is not settle understand once!, Caracal was an album of experimentation and evolution, the next album will be as good as settle, or maybe better!
the humble opinion of a fanboy",4,5,"Oct 27, 2015"
7,"I liked most of the songs and the collaborations are hella fantastic!!! But some songs like masterpiece or the songs without collab are kind of bored.. anyways this is fantastic and PS I'm in love with magnets!! Lorde is back :D",2,3,"Sep 25, 2015"
6,"It is good, but not for everyone. Some songs are just boring and another songs you can like to hear but not in any moment. Well, it's just regular for me, but I have to say that Magnets is too catchy, it's one of the best songs of the album.",1,6,"Sep 29, 2015"
8,"What makes Caracal a disappointment is that you see the Lawrence brothers being out shined 50% of the time by their guest vocalists. Most apparent is on Magnets: an excellent track on its own but the production is messy and clunky while Lorde carries this song from being a complete disaster. While I do not expect a central theme from electronic acts, I do expect for there to be an overall sound that the Lawrence brothers are attempting to experiment with. There is a multitude of house and garage beats on Caracal and while that may not be a negative quality, it is clear that Disclosure were not sure in what direction they wanted to go with their sound. Instead, we got Disclosure trying to create a Latch 2.0 (a quality pop hit on the Hot 100) which explains the all-star guest appearances.
There is nothing wrong with seeking hit singles but at least make a cohesive record so that you dont seem so desperate to capture that success once more. This is what makes Caracal a disappointment in comparison to their debut. BUT that does not mean that Caracal is a bad record. It is quite the opposite  the pop tunes that Disclosure releases is excellent pop music and can potentially bring a fresh sound onto the Hot 100. I say potentially because quality pop rarely does well onto the Hot 100 (See Carly Rae Jepsens EMOTION  Run Away with Me). At its best, Caracal is a collection of quality pop music rather than an overall cohesive piece of music.  It will sell less than 100K total and will become a lost gem in the pop music industry. Its a shame but just because something makes no impact in a huge and broken industry that does not mean that is isnt worth your listen.
Best Songs: Magnets, Jaded & Superego
Worst Song: Moving Mountains (but that is on the deluxe version)
8.4/10",0,1,"Oct  6, 2015"
6,"A marked, poppy departure from their deep house sound on their first record Settle. The album is turned down tempo wise to make the way for R&B style songs with a guest singer on almost every track. Highlights include Echoes and Bang That, the latter being a simple but effective live set favorite.",0,0,"Dec  6, 2015"
7,"The problem of 'Caracal' is the comparison with the previous album of the band. 'Settle' is a masterpiece, historical and unrepeatable deep house album, a great surprise from a new band. Then, the sophomore album is very complicated to face it. 'Caracal' is sophisticated, sometimes in excess, clean, with good melodies and great voices, but without surprises. The deep house arrangements that everybody loves of 'Settle' have been disappeared for more electronic pop rhythms (taking advantage of the current trend of pop) and overloaded songs. Only 'Holding On', 'Willing and Able' and 'Moving Mountains' sounds like the marvelous and underrated 'Defeated No More' or 'January' from 'Settle', the most representatives songs of a great deep house album. But 'Molecules', 'Superego', 'Echoes' and 'Magnets' are nice to listen and good productions. The Weeknd and Miguel's collaborations sounds like The Weeknd and Miguel songs, not like Disclosure songs. 'Omen' is pretentious and clearly they search the top of the charts, maybe is the worst track of the album and could it be a song of Bieber or Katy Perry. 'Bang That' is beautifully rare.",0,0,"Oct  6, 2015"
7,"Favourite Songs: Jaded, Holding On (feat. Gregory Porter), Omen (feat. Sam Smith), Willing & Able (feat. Kwabs), Nocturnal (feat. The Weeknd), Hourglass (feat. Lion Babe)
Least Favourite Songs: Magnets (feat. Lorde), Masterpiece (feat. Jordan Rakei)
This album is nowhere near as good as 'Settle' because they've changed up their sound, the sound that gained them so many followers and so much attention. They've moved away from the deep house/pop, that they themselves helped push into the mainstream, to...this. An album full of good vocals (because the vocalists are good anyway) but plain choruses and predictable song structures. Appearances from Lorde and Miguel- among others- don't really live up to their hype at all, they're just completely unmemorable. Because I love 'Settle' so much I think I've almost forced myself to enjoy this but really it has no stain power; in a month or so I probably won't remember any of it. Despite this, there are a few great tracks like 'Jaded' and 'Holding On' which could fit on the last album pretty comfortably. 'Holding On' is definitely a house hit and it's just asking to get played on the radio. I liked 'Omen' as well but that might just be because Sam Smith looked pretty sexy in the video unlike usual when he looks like some kind of weird chavy owl. But Yh it wasn't bad it was just super mediocre every song (quality wise) is like a B-Side for songs off of 'Settle'.
Will I Return To It?: Probably not
Better or Worse Than Last Album?: Worse
Try This If You Like: Between II Worlds by Nero (Another dissapointing sophomore effort!)",0,0,"Oct  3, 2015"
8,"Right so, this album is very mixed in the music community. Some are criticizing it for not being as good as Settle, but others such as me are enjoying it for what it is. 3 Fav Tracks: Superego, Willing and Able, Good Intentions.
3 Least Fav. Tracks: Magnets, Jaded, Holding On.
Just to make it clear, I like every song on this album.
Personally I love Caracal for what for it is and to me is one of the better albums in the past month.
This is probably one of the better albums this year actually, especially seeing how the biggest albums this year so far are stuff like Rodeo, Fetty Wap and WATTBA (Which to me are all mediocre or bad)
8/10",0,0,"Oct 14, 2015"
6,"They have so much potential to push the boudries and but they alwys fail to impress. They do have some good songs on this album and some great voices singing for them, but the redundency of the production is underwhelming.  It doesn't make a very big statement and it is extreamly repetitive.",0,0,"Oct  1, 2015"
10,"Definitely the best album 2015.One of the best albums ive heard in awhile. From beginning I found myself enjoying every song. Well put together piece. I'd put it up there with the channel orange and 21 by Adele. It was that good. Just brilliant.",0,0,"Dec 17, 2015"
7,"I can't really comment on Disclosure's previous album given that I haven't listened to it but I decided to pick this record up months ago because I liked some of the singles they released prior to the actual album release.
This album is essentially a pot of reverb masking electronic house tracks in different ways. It's good, there are tracks which are compelling and showcase Disclosure's ability to tamper their sound rhythmically and sometimes in the sound design area. Tracks like Jaded (great track by the way) fuelled by Howard's vocals himself, Holding On with Gregory Porter and Nocturnal with The Weeknd are pumping, catchy and soothing in different ways. Superego with Nao is one of the best tracks here for me, a very obnoxiously good syncopated beat flowing through the track in a non-repetitive way. Echoes and Molecules were good instrumental tracks that kept the flow going. Lorde on Magnets was quite nice too as it shared that rhythmic characteristic in a different way and her vocals most definitely lifted that piece, but I didn't think the track was great.
This is where is starts. This album wasn't amazing for me. Although I commented on how the tracks were different, they didn't differ that much. The melodies blended a bit too much for me and it became noticeable that some of the chord progressions here are very similar. There were some forgettable tracks, particularly the one with Miguel where the instrumentation was stagnant and didn't protrude to anything worthwhile that was distinguishable from the rest of the record. A filler track if you like. Hourglass didn't do much for me either. Build-ups and outros started to get repetitive and formulaic across the board.
It felt like the record was too boxed in at times. Not enough exploration outside of rhythm and emphasis on reverb. But it's a theme and it is successful - most of the time. Jaded, Echoes and Superego are my favourite tracks on this one. Worst one is easily Good Intentions.
All in all, a good album. Will listen to every now and then.",0,0,"Jun 25, 2016"
7,"7.5
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz",0,0,"Aug  9, 2016"
9,"Overall this album is a great. Lots of awesome electronic pop tunes and awesome vocalists.
My only issue is that the songs sound very similar and towards the end of the album ( I own the deluxe version ) it does run a little long. But overall it's a really good album.",0,0,"Jul  6, 2016"
10,"My favorite album to come out so far this year! The chilling melodies in combination with their vocals are simply brilliant. 'Tearing Me Up' and 'Too Much is Never Enough' are the big highlights of the album, however I loved it from start to finish. This duo is really going places!",1,1,"Oct 14, 2015"
9,"This is just a lovely record, moody/lush sounds that work on home speakers as well as the dance floor. I'm not an unreserved fan of EDM/house music but this music has perfect crossover potential ... the tunes stay in your head, great visceral appeal and you can dance to them! Big atmosphere, pristine vocals, cool lyrics. The jangling guitar really appeals. There has been some good single choices, Talk, Too Much is Never Enough and Tearin' Me Up, but I'm partial to the more upbeat Touch and Go, which I often play two or three times whenever I hear it. I'm interested to see how Bob Moses goes, as this is such a strong first album with Domino Records ... a small side-step away from their earlier work with Scissor and Thread. Much stronger than the earlier material and showing upside potential. Would like to see them gain wider appeal!",0,0,"Oct 23, 2015"
9,"very deep and depressive songs ! when you listen to first  3-4 tracks of this album, you drown completely into it ! it was a great experience for me !",0,0,"Jan 13, 2016"
6,"I like the first tracks, they are wonderful. And Jess voice is amazing! I'm not a huge fan of her music, but british artists are way better than americans (the most of the times).",2,2,"Sep 13, 2015"
7,"Not all tracks here are really easily enjoyable, but Jess shows some savy-pop-knowledge by chosing the right songs to be singles and these are the songs that will make of her a memorable artist.",1,1,"Dec 15, 2015"
7,"Even though this album doesn't really offer anything new to the table, Glynne has a lot of fun and has a very distinctive voice which makes this album pure pop pleasure.",1,1,"Oct 17, 2015"
10,"I don't understand the hate that this album is receiving. It's a fresh but familiar house and dancepop record that wants you to get on the floor and have a good time. What's wrong with that?",7,8,"Sep  1, 2015"
10,"Amazing album!!!!! I love every song, every song is an anthem and a potential hit on the charts. British are much better in the music industry!!!!!!!!!",4,5,"Sep  2, 2015"
8,"I think critics are so harsh and wrong on this album.It's a simple and beautiful house music oriented pop album.Most of the songs are catchy and satisfying.Only down side of this album is being too generic.Otherwise it's awesome!",3,4,"Sep 18, 2015"
10,"This album is phenomenal, anyone who says different is out their mind. Jess Glynne is is vocally talented beyond her years and this record will be a huge success.",2,3,"Sep 18, 2015"
4,"I have to admit, I'm not a huge Jess Glynne fan. The first two singles, Right Here and Hold My Hand, don't offer much to excite you, and the majority of the album is basic filler content. The highlights of the album, and I stress that there are very few, include 'Don't Be So Hard On Yourself' and 'Why Me' but mainly due to the production rather than the quality of the songs themselves. A disappointing first effort",1,2,"Sep 19, 2015"
10,"British album of the year!!!!!!!!!!!! don't be sohard on yourself is the song of the year it's sooo good!!!! shes SLAAAAYING HARD!!!!!!!!!!! you deserve your success jess!! love ur album!!!!!!!!",5,17,"Aug 28, 2015"
10,"Excellent,I like every song. I was expecting her release since Rather Be and the waiting is over. I love this album and I'm so glad that Jess slayed the charts in her origin country. Give it a listen you won't be disappointed. 10/10",3,14,"Aug 26, 2015"
1,"If Hold My Hand was not on Jess Glynne's new album, it would be a zero for sure. The music doesn't even flow together. Hold My Hand is amazing but the rest of the album is a for sure disappointment,.",1,5,"Sep 13, 2015"
10,"O que dizer do lbum do ano?
Com o 'I Cry When I Laugh', Jess Glynne nos deu um lbum completo, daqueles em que todas as faixas so timas e voc se apaixona de primeira.
Um ponto que no pode de forma alguma deixar de ser citado,  a flexibilidade do lbum, que consegue trazer msicas animadas e viciantes como 'Hold My Hand' e msicas tristes e belas como 'Saddest Vanilla'.
De 1 a 10, esse lbum com certeza merece um 11.",0,2,"Oct 21, 2015"
4,"This album isn't awful but it certainly could be better I had high hopes after hearing that she had achieved several UK number ones before its release but it did disappoint a bit but I think she can improve and release some interesting work in the future.",0,0,"Jan 24, 2016"
6,"Dissapointing for a woman with such an amazingly erratic voice. I think she could do well moving in a more Florence and the Machine-like direction. The album is too unfocused and the lyrics are weak. I don't think the type of music she is making does her justice. I will wait for the next one",0,0,"Jan  4, 2016"
8,"i like the happy go lucky vibe of this album at the same time that it looks to throw back the 80's music in a very fresh way. Its the mix of present and past that her voice  makes it very of her own way to show it.",0,0,"Feb 22, 2016"
8,"In My opinion this is one of the most underrated albums of 2015. For a pop album, the sound is quite diverse eg. the The Upbeat radio pop of Hold my Hand is in complete contrast of the deep Rn B of Strawberry Fields. The instrumentation is also one of its strong points, combing electric sounds with strings, horns and keys,the lyric content is not the most poetic, but its definitely well written. The strongest quality of this album is  Glynne's voice, unique, powerful and soulful. Best songs are Don't be so hard, Hold my hand, Ain't got far to go, You can find me, and a whole lotta other great familiar stuff. I recommend this for radio listeners looking for something with a bit more depth. People are way harsh on album. It's GOOD!",0,0,"Apr 29, 2016"
6,"'I Cry When I Laugh', o primeiro lbum de estdio da cantora pop britnica Jess Glynne, apresenta singles muito mais concretos do que o prprio disco, possuindo canes espontneas e divertidas, enquanto os arranjos instrumentais so muito bem acoplados com o incrvel potencial vocal de Jess; que tardiamente falha em demonstrar qualquer tipo de inovao dentre letras simplrias e sonoridades alternadamente ensurdecedoras. Sem sombra de dvida, Jess possui uma voz potente e uma alma irradiante, mas ela deveria organizar melhor seu arsenal musical e investir em ritmos mais marcantes e sadios. C+",0,0,"Jul  6, 2016"
8,"Electronic pop music at its very finest, the songs are beautifully crafted and the LP as a whole has an ethereal, yet lucid, mood throughout. I highly recommend it.",0,0,"Oct 19, 2015"
10,"If you aren't familiar with DJ Koze, he's one of the DJ's that turns up in parentheticals, *alot*. I first came to know him, I believe, with a Nichoals Jaar remix or maybe it was Matthew Dear, but regardless, he's kind of the slick remixer *already* slick DJ's use. It's an odd role, but the DJ Kicks series suits him perfectly because his talents seem to be collaboration, production et al. rather than outright songwriter etc. The album is on Spotify if you want to sample it, but usually it's best to buy the Kicks series, as Spotify loses the rights to the myriad of songs on usually on the albums.
If you want a taste of Koze at his songwriting pinnacle, try Amygdala. It sounds a lot like this, incidentally, but has a more uniform feel than a typical mix record would.",0,0,"Jul 15, 2015"
4,"The album feels extremely limited, and though Bilocution and Universal Everything are thrilling and wonderful to listen to, they are also the only thrilling and wonderful moments, before the truly awful Head and Shoulders comes on, and everything generally slides downhill afterwards.",0,0,"Sep  5, 2015"
9,"Love it, hard to have another stab at what was already perfected on Leftism....thrilling, compelling, superbly produced and well worth the wait. Roll on number four.",0,0,"Sep 25, 2015"
7,"A decent album. Alesso's recognisable build-ups, oozing sidechained bass and synth manipulation obviously show in the piece. Personal favorites include Sweet Escape, Scars and Immortale but from know this is where the problem starts.
A fair few of the songs are material he released sometime before the album release, such as Years, his One Republic remix, Under Control and even Tear The Roof Up. The rest of the songs are a bit too similar, which stifles his creativity. As much as I know Alesso is accustomed to the 4-on-the-floor kick pattern, I get the impression that apart from a few songs, he chose to play it safe and not delve further into his sound palette to paint textures other than the his typical build-ups and obvious synth tones. Alesso could have explored his sound so much more rather than lazily sticking his older tracks on the album. As much as I appreciate them, they are fairly similar and have been already heard. More new, different tones felt like they were needed.
The album could have used more variation, possibly the most disappointing track is In My Blood.
The rating I'm giving it is very fair considering Alesso is one of my favourite progressive house artists and it would be nice for him to pursue his sound further to open up and show us what he really is capable of. Obviously he wants to maintain his signature sound, but overdoing it does seem to make the album get a bit stagnant.",0,0,"May 12, 2016"
10,"Great Dance Album!!!! One of the best I own!!
Awesome Pop songs Great EDM songs. Just awesome overall
Really Emotional and well done good collabs as well.",0,0,"Jun 13, 2016"
1,"Unbeliavebly boring ass tape... I mean, it didnt catch my interest once. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .",1,1,"Jul 14, 2015"
4,"Saudades David Guetta do lbum Nothing But The Beat, esse lbum est horrvel, poucas se salvam
Pontos altos: S.T.O.P. e Bad
Pontos baixos: Rise e Goodbye Friend",2,2,"Dec 16, 2014"
5,"There is an inherent problem with David Guetta's Listen - the lyrics are all sad and downbeat (coming off the break up of his marriage) and yet he insists on employing his usual uplifting EDM music to the tunes. So many of these songs would have benefited from being kept stripped back and simple. Instead Guetta tries to add his signature pounding dance beats to them. The result is a misfire.",1,1,"Jan 19, 2015"
0,"Agreed completely with the negative reviews. One of the biggest letdowns this year in the genre of electronic dance music. At least Motion was slightly better than this.",3,5,"Nov 26, 2014"
1,"OMG where do i start. this has to be the most boring and worst album made as far as EDm/pop is concerned. There is literally nothing in this album that hasn't been heard before. All the songs follow the same formula and are literally all the same thing with the same drops and the same sound. What makes this worse for me is the fact that David Guetta had the guts to say he focused more on songwriting and was coming out with a new sound. **** please. this is the same boring EDM formula every so-called DJ uses. At least Calvin Harris had the decency to not hype his album knowing he was making some more formulaic crap. This album deserves a nice zero for wasting my time and everyone else's but I'll give it a one just because i actually liked one of the songs.
NB: This album is literally the first album in which Sia has a song I don't like. You went and broke Sia's perfect streak with this horsecrap. Well done.",7,12,"Nov 24, 2014"
0,"After huge disappointment of Motion by Calvin Harris, another highly anticipated album by famous French DJ David Guetta made a debut. Lead by single Dangerous featuring Sam Smith, the album failed to impress audience unlike his previous works. There is nothing special to enjoy every single beat of the tracks and the whole album just go wrong. A very bad year for EDM albums.",4,8,"Nov 26, 2014"
10,"This is definitely my favorite upbeat, dance music cd this year.  I plan to wear it out, while exercising and during my morning commute to energize me and put me in a positive mood to start the day.  Every track is high energy and so much fun.",2,6,"Nov 26, 2014"
9,"A great new album of the french DJ David Guetta. The songs are great. After a long time waiting of new songs finally we got it. For me was it a great comeback because the competition is big so i start listen other DJs but now with this amazing album i start listen again. His old music he made was different but despite that i think it is great because that it is one of the best albums i have ever listen.",3,11,"Nov 25, 2014"
7,"No entiendo las notas, su ltimo lbum en mi opinin tena canciones mucho menos pegadizas, este en general me parece bastante animado, algunas canciones estn bastante bien.
No seis tan amargados, no merece un suspenso!",0,7,"Nov 26, 2014"
7,"A nice move from Guetta, a mature and more elaborated album. Not only the usual EDM songs, but some well produced non-electronic sounds like in 'I'll Keep Loving You'. The French DJ combines his sound with british singers Emeli Sand and Birdy, the band The Script, Australian songwriter Sia, rapper Nicki Minaj, OneRepublic's front-man Ryan Tedder, brilliant singer Skylar Grey and others. The Highlights are 'What I Did For Love', 'No Money No Love', 'Goodbye Friend' and 'Listen'.",0,2,"Jan 24, 2015"
6,"Honestly, this album feels more like a top-40 showcase than an actual house album. You could play these songs one after another with Calvin Harris' Motion album, and it'll be hard pressed to tell the difference between the two.
Thats not to say its a bad thing, but I can see how it would be a turn off to some. Some songs hit, a few more miss, making this album just slightly above average.",0,0,"Feb 22, 2015"
6,"6.0    z",0,0,"Aug  9, 2016"
5,"It's an okay dance album, Motion was definitely better.
Not as bad as Forget The World by Afrojack
Some songs are great others are just ehh.
Could've done better.",0,0,"Jul  6, 2016"
7,"This could be the best tech-house album in five years. Some tracks are impressively dark and  smooth but it lacks uniformity. It takes too much to get from one great part of the album to thew other, specifically from what I believe to be the best track, 'It's through,' to 'Cruel intentions.' Together with Peaking Lights' and Caribou's latest works, this album it's some of the best electronic music of the year.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2014"
10,"Fifteen dollars is given,
All tracks of this album are works of art !!! I've never heard a better song than Avaritia !!! Continue like this deadmau5.",3,3,"Jan 17, 2015"
10,"Best album ever. I can't stop listen to it. Thanks Joel for making good music. I presently listen to My Pet Coelacanth and that's awesome ! I can't understand how people can dislike this album. Ignore all the haters, that's AMAZING !!!",1,1,"Jan 17, 2015"
9,"Deadmau5 shows a much deeper side of himself and his power as a songwriter, this album certainly is more experimental and less club friendly but for his true fans it's a great and satisfying album.",4,5,"Jun 24, 2014"
9,"Absoltely fantastic album. Here we see deadmau5 abilities in mixing genres and even creating new sounds. I love this deadmau5 and I hope he will eventually release many other tracks.",2,3,"Jun 26, 2014"
4,"Ritmos que pasan por el Club House y Chiptunes son parte del sonido que Deadmau5 evocaba al menos hasta su anterior trabajo 'album title goes here' no inclua temas tan pegajosos como 'Some Chords'  'Ghost and Stuff' pero se entenda que era disco para tocarse en grandes masas.
Sin embargo en 'While (1-2)' hallamos 141 minutos de piezas largas que si bien en varias de ellas  no abandona su estilo juguetn y bailable, la verdad es que en la mayora ha desinflado esa maquinara electrnica epilptica y la convertido en piezas de piano acompaadas por sosegados sintetizadores. Haciendo una travesa arriesgada e insatisfactoria entre Boards Of Canada y Aphex Twin, resulta un sonido repetitivo sin sentido, una especie de dinamita con una mecha fallida que nunca explota.
Es claro que Deadmau5 haya querido dar un sonido ms extenso, sosegado y maduro, pero el trabajo en si es una ola de sintetizadores alargados que se desvanecen y pierden entre tantas canciones.",1,2,"Jun 24, 2014"
5,"Deadmau5's next entry into his discography, in my opinion, has been a mixed  entry. The two songs that stand out from the others are 'Seeya' and 'Aviritia', mainly because they were released as singles so you know they're the gems out of the album, and because they're quality songs from Deadmau5. However, I feel that the rest of the album lacks in this. 'Seeya' is one of my most loved songs  - I've practically listened to it every day since it came out, same with Aviritia, but all of the other songs from 'While(1",1,2,"Jun 27, 2014"
10,"Definitely Deadmau5's best effort yet. This is the first deadmau5 album that actually feels like an album and not just a compilation of songs, and you can really see that in the 2nd disc.
The highs are:
Disc 1
Avaritia, My Pet Coelacanth. Infra Turbo Pigcart Racer, Somewhere Up Here, Phantoms Can't Hang, and Gula
Disc 2
Acedia, Errors in My Bread, Rlyehs Lambet, Mercedes, Bleed, Monday, Pets, and Seeya
My least favorite is creep, and its probably because i haven't listened to it that much or I just like the other ones more. But regardless, amazing album. Congrats Joel. Don't have your opinion based on a score or critics opinion. Have your own.
,",1,2,"Jul 25, 2014"
7,"I'm glad that Deadmau5 followed up from a fairly mediocre effort with Album Title Goes Here, to a pretty decent album. For the most part this is a solid album with some great mixes in this behemoth of an album. This also includes a couple of remixes one much better than the other unfortunately. For the most part it it's a pretty good album yet there are some problems with it. There is a lot of filler in this like just some interludes that are just unnecessary. A couple of songs aren't that great and the nine inch nails song he remixed wasn't that great. Overall I liked this album. Stand-out song: Pets: I very much like the atmospheric feel of the song.",0,1,"Jun 24, 2014"
2,"Franchement du... Moi qui tait fan de 'Strobe', 'Move For Me', 'I Remember' ou 'Ghost'n'Stuff et de son album 'random album title' je ne retrouve pas ce style dans son dernier album... Aprs il ne dplaira srement pas  d'autres personnes mais ses fans de la premire heure risque d'tre surpris mme si 2-3 chansons sortent du lot.",0,3,"Aug  3, 2014"
9,"The double album that Deadmau5 needed to make. As mixed reviews have shown, It's a polarizing album; if you're already a big fan, odds are you will love it. If you're a casual fan and expecting  cookie-cutter EDM singles, it's probably not for you. The album nods at The Fragile by NIN as well as Trent Reznor's soundtrack work to great affect, proving that Deadmau5 has aspirations beyond the current electronic scene.
As a long time fan, this is the album I've been waiting to hear.",0,1,"Jul  8, 2014"
8,"deadmau5 dio un giro a su estilo msical al que estabamos acostumbrados , pero este nuevo album muestra quizas su otro lado de el , ya que la gran parte de el disco es bastante quieta y quizas hasta obscura , claro , tambien sin dejar a un lado los clasicos beats de club , definitivamente como el lo dijo , este es su primer album real , y asi es como suena , como un albm y no como una simple recopilacin.",0,1,"Jun 24, 2014"
9,"Sry for using Polish language, i just can't say everything what i want in Eng.
Trzeba otwarcie przyzna, e ludzie nastawieni na muzyk do klubw czy dyskotek mocno odbij si od tego albumu. Pozostali za doceni kunszt Deadmau5'a przy fantastycznych poczeniach utworw fortepianowych z mocnymi, elektronicznymi brzmieniami. Z mocniejszych akcentw warto wyrni 'Avaritia', My pet Coelacanth', 'Gula', 'Mercedes' i 'Pets'. Z drugiej strony Joel czsto spowalnia tempo i pozwala na chwil zapomnienia przy 'Invidia', 'Rlyehs Lament' i 'Silent Picture'. Nowa pyta zostaa fantastycznie skomponowana i jest warta zakupu. Aczkolwiek nie obra si, jeli nastpny album bdzie bardziej 'danceflorowy' :)",0,2,"Jun 24, 2014"
10,"WOW! Just wow. This album is just amazing. When a readed all the bad things people were saying about this album I wanted to find out if it was all very true, and trust me it wasn't!!
2 discs are very very good although the first one is a little better.
better album yet and **** the hate
best songs :
disc one : My pet Coelacanth , Phantoms can't hang , Infra turbo pigcart racer , Gula , Terrors in my head.
Disc two: Pets, Petting Zoo , Mercedes , Acedia
there are few slowbeat chill step that are good as well : Creep, somewhere up here, a moment to myself, rlyehs Lament
are the worst tracks are : coelacanth (2min of boring beat) , superbia ( feels like an intro, nothing special either) invidia ( another filler that is useless
althought the disc2 contains a lot of pointless songs, its experimental so thats great at less its not clubbish songs, Deadmau5 as FINALLy done an EPIC LP HERE! mercedes, infra turbo pigcart racer, pets and phantoms cant hang are some of the best songs he ever DID!",0,1,"Jul 14, 2014"
8,"Joel Zimmerman AKA deadmau5 has considerably created his best album to date by virtually doing the same thing he's been for years and years -- seriously, some of these songs originally came out years ago, 'Bleed' being one of my most notable favorites. But by inserting in some more ambient influences, '80s synths, melancholy melodies, piano pieces, and Nine Inch Nails-esque glitchy bleeps and bloops (as well as NIN remix), he fools us into believing we're witnessing some sort of transition since his previous album, >album title goes here",0,0,"Aug 10, 2014"
9,"This is Joel spreading his wings a little bit more -- diverse, emotive, dynamic, and every bit as endearing.  The genres interweave around progressive house and modern classical (but not exclusive). Made for listening in your home because frankly there is more than enough crap house to play in your local night club.  God bless electronic musicians (Trentemller also comes to mind, for some reason) that go forth and reinterpret EDM and bend a few genres.  Very fun, approachable album for the masses -- should make you smile. :-)",0,0,"Mar 15, 2015"
7,"Deadmau5 has put some great songs on this album, though it is a bit unnecessary that he made it into a double album. The piano tracks are sweet and this way he makes it a perfect tribute to Aphex Twin (think 'Drukqs'), but he could've better made an album in which he just shows his new sound and combining that sound with those piano tracks, like he did on 'Somewhere Up Here'. Also the two remixes were very unnecessary. But I'm not gonna rate an album on what it should not have, but I'd rather look at the positive things it does have. 'Avaritia' for instance is so repetitive that it is almost hypnotizing; 'Phantoms Can't Hang' may be my favourite of this album, in which he puts a melody with an unusual rhythm in very satisfying chord progression; and I'm also very happy with the fact that he finally put 'Bleed' on an album. This new sound he created is very minimal, yet melodic and it sounds promising, he almost sounds more like a composer than a EDM producer, but I'm not satisfied yet.",0,0,"Aug 21, 2015"
7,"This album has its great moments, but it occasionally gets lost in its length, spiraling off into the white space of its simple, soft piano pieces. However, it flows in the vein of the Selected Ambient Works albums by Aphex Twin and is worth a listen.",0,0,"Dec 19, 2014"
7,"After giving this album a few lessons, I can safely settle on believing that this album is pretty... good.
At times, the album is good. An amazing song or remix comes on, such as Ice Age, but many of these great moments are blocked out by some pretty mediocre sounding songs. While these songs aren't bad, I couldn't tell them apart or even name them if I tried. They're just there in the album, and while they continue the atmosphere of the album they are pretty boring to trek through if you want the whole experience of listening to the entire album at once.
Overall, mau5 has a pretty interesting album here. Some of these songs make my favorites list, while others could be thrown away easily. 7/10",0,0,"Dec 15, 2014"
9,"I am starting to appreciate other music than music from the ''EDM'' scene (like all songs on spinnin, revealed and wall recordings). Overall it sounds a bit sad (I think it has to do with the breakup with his girlfriend). But this album is just a masterpiece.",0,0,"May 21, 2015"
8,"8.5    z",0,0,"Aug  9, 2016"
10,"Definitive masterpiece by one and only deadmau5, not deadmau five, it is deadmau5 like maus, mouse.
This guy is a unique example of Anti-EDM producer, someone who cares about music and so makes such an awesome albums.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2016"
10,"An album full of fun and good party. Makes you feel like you're in another planet.
Songs like 'Radio Stereo', 'Goody Two Shoes'' feels like a real good summer's party.
A 70's anthem like is aNYway. 'NRG' and 'Spandex' is like heaven.",2,2,"Apr 15, 2014"
8,"It's a fun electronic music album that has many influences, ranging from 70s disco, to 80s pop, to 90s dance music . It has many great beats, while the skits are a hit and miss. My favorite tracks are: 'aNYway', 'NRG', 'Ring Me', and 'Time Waits for No-One'. I'll definitely be listening to them when the summer hits.",0,0,"Apr 26, 2014"
8,"A good, fun, 80's/90's disco type vibe. Hardly any filler....except all the skits at the end of tracks. Should've made them separate tracks so they can be deleted.
Hard to rate accurately given 'Barbara Streisand' & 'Anyway' were bangers in their day but totally sick of now that the album's come out 3 years later. Would given it a 9 otherwise.",0,0,"May 13, 2014"
9,"A great fun 90s style house album in 2014! A 9 only because some of the end of song skits get annoying. Other than that a great house album and perhaps the best album of its kind we will see for a long time.",0,0,"Apr 21, 2014"
8,"Tensnakes debut album Glow is a diamond in the rough of electronic dance music. Although his technique and thought process mature and transforms as the album progresses, Glow consistently delivers; its music both your body and spirit can shake to. Some of the sounds and beats have a hard time sticking their landings, and some tracks may have unclear directions, but the ultimate result is quietly exhilarating. The album feels greater than its individual tracks, an exceptionally difficult feat to achieve in the electronic dance genre. By the time you hit Last Song, you feel like a changed man, as if the album imparted some ancient dance floor wisdom on you. Like a home cooked meal, Glow doesnt add flourishes or pretend to be high art; it simply provides with its entertainment factor set on high and its heart on its sleeve. Simply put, Glow is a humble beauty. Tracks like See Right Through, 58Bpm, and Pressure are worth a listen even if you arent an EDM or nu-disco aficionado.
FINAL SCORE: 77.5 (pretty good ---------------o----- great)",0,0,"Mar 12, 2014"
9,"Headphones required. Weed might help too, but this is an amazing album. The songs flow nicely and there is an insanely well balanced mixed of ethereal and harmonic sounds.",1,1,"Feb 17, 2014"
9,"This is a little bit of an underrated gem that carries a bit of spirit that reminds me of Flying Lotus. Expect a chill, electronic vibe. Good for late night drives when the rest of the world is asleep.",0,0,"Nov 16, 2014"
10,"**** YEAH. These are awesome jams made in one compilation. Definitely worth getting for those whom like the original beats and dance music of the day.",0,0,"Apr 22, 2014"
9,"Love it. One long sweet mix with some really really nice changes in tempo. Different form their album Fin. This is more akin to a BBC essential mix . Plug in the headphones and enjoy.",0,0,"Apr  7, 2014"
8,"The best techno record I've heard in forever. Every sound and detail is precise and perfected. I also like how the album starts off very cold and robotic, but ends more viscerally, although, the former style is definitely better. Favorite track: Water Jump",1,1,"Oct 12, 2014"
10,"wow, its amazing album  very quality sound for dancing and even chilling. every track its kinda different story but conect overall. love techno sounding like this",0,0,"Oct 13, 2013"
10,"I knew nothing about Daniel Avery before looking into this list  This is the best f*ckng album in any genre i've heard in a long time.  F*ckng Genius.",0,0,"Nov  1, 2015"
10,"One of the most ground-breaking achievements of 2013. These British musicians infuse multiple genres, and hand-pick vocals so potent, they will make anyone jump out of their seat and start dancing. Every track brings something new, yet uses the remnants of previous tracks (much like the Australian group The Avalanches). A very awesome album indeed.",1,1,"Jun  4, 2013"
7,"Soft synths and smooth-voiced collaborations fill this album with brilliant dance tracks. Its beats flow well and, while there are some not-impressive-at-all tracks and a chance of boring you by its repetitive dullness, the album gets more solid with every listen. Some of the highlights here, 'Latch' and 'Help Me Lose My Mind', may be the right way to start this album. If you find yourself willing for more after hearing these two tracks, then you should go ahead and get this album. It's worth the money.",3,4,"Jun  4, 2013"
10,"I totally hated this album when i first heard it. I didn't understand what the fuss is all about. Then it received many accolades from numerous music critics, so i decided to give it a second chance.
I started discovering a track here and a track there that were really amazing. 'Latch' and 'Defeated No More' made me really wanna get up and dance.
Then i took notice of 'Help Me Lose My Mind', and i fell in love with it. And finally i re listened to the entire album, and was totally captivated by it, particularly by 'F For You', 'Second Chance', 'You & Me', and 'Boiling'.
I love how the album was like a journey to me. I'm really excited for Disclosure and can't wait for their new work.",2,3,"Mar  5, 2014"
10,"I have only listened to this album and i have decided that it is a great album that has some fantastic sounds and riffs to it. Really fresh and different, with some of the collaborations are the best tracks",1,2,"Jun 21, 2013"
8,"A dance album that you can actually enjoy in its entirety. No reason to cherry pick tracks here. Disclosure have created a thoughtful and surprisingly sure-handed debut that will be on a few Top 10s at the end of the year. From track to track there is nothing here that hasn't been done before, but they is rarely a miss. I look forward to the band's future projects and would love to see them progress from here. It wouldn't hurt to see other groups or electronic producers take note and consider making albums with this much kinetic synergy.",1,2,"Jun  5, 2013"
9,"Disclosure are a UK electronic duo of brothers with a knack for smooth grooves and catchy passages. They maintain good musical flow throughout their debut album, 'Settle,' by incorporating innovative vocal tracks and very intelligent synth parts. Every single song on this project is worthy of fervent head-bopping, making it an insanely FUN listen. Tracks like 'Defeated No More' have very ethereal and introspective keys layered on driving and galloping drum sounds.  Now, these are the kinds of jams where I can easily imagine a catwalk replete with glitter-laden models strutting seriously, and the crowd in completely engrossed in the spectacle on the stage. And bangers like 'Stimulation' make the listener feel as if they are witnessing an assembly line for dancing robots, fueled by the power of funk. The duo nearly perfectly balance atmospheric integrity and appreciation with danceability. As the familiarity of electronic music becomes familiar to the normal listener, the guest singers add a new depth into the already surreal atmosphere and dimension of the songs, really complementing the album, giving it a unique trademark and style. It's a project that retains the familiarity of popular electronic music as well as the unpredictability of adept song composition skills.
Follow at @PRTYNTGRVS for more music reviews",1,2,"Oct 23, 2013"
10,"Yes.
Perfect.
Best Tracks: Confess to Me, January, White Noise, When a Fire Starts to Burn, Help Me Lose My Mind
Worst Tracks: ...
Honestly, however, this is an album to be appreciated in its entirety, rather than in specially-picked songs..",1,2,"Apr 14, 2014"
8,"Settle is probably the electronica/dance album that I have returned to most this year. I came into the album after hearing 'When a Fire Starts to Burn,' but 'Latch' and 'White Noise' kept me hooked in. The softer sound and R&B vocals give the record a nostalgic feel (not that I'm old enough to actually understand what that means). The album works great when played from start to finish, but its 18 tracks do start falling into each other.",1,2,"Mar 23, 2014"
0,"Absolute garbage. There is nothing original here. Stay far far away. Overhyped junk, masquerading as, I don't even know. This sounds like something a high school kid put together on a mac in 1997, mixed with some sappy R&B vocals. If you dance to this you are a terrible dancer.",3,17,"Jun 25, 2013"
10,"This has been a good year for the electronic and sounds of the 90s with new artists, we have enjoyed the best music and 'Settle' continues that run of good albums in this genre. these guys make exciting songs to anticipate a debut that takes them to a new level and puts them as the most important artists of the last years. the songs and their guests fit perfectly and feels like a party atmosphere that seems to never end and hopefully so be it.",0,1,"Jun  7, 2013"
6,"'Settle' is a very refreshing and innovative record that serves as a new colour on the palette of electronic music. That being said, the album feels a tad samey by the end, and songs like 'Stimulation' or 'Grab Her!' only intensify that tiresome quality. The guest vocalists, however, all deserve an A+.",0,1,"Aug 14, 2013"
10,"Dear Brits: please don't stop what you're doing. Young British brother duo Disclosure knock the music world off its socks with their groundbreaking garage debut album 'Settle,' proving to the world that it's the Brits, not the Swedes, who will elevate the electronic dance genre to the artistic potential it's meant to reach. 'Settle' is sexy, slick, stylish, and impeccably produced  imagine the robot from the Svedka advertisements got a degree in music theory and teamed up with early 2000s Daft Punk to create the hottest album of 2013. The beats are never laid too thick. On the contrary, they act as pulsating beds for the powerful vocals that carry each track. Disclosure establish a remarkably minimalist yet complex sound that dominates the album but never overwhelms any individual track. You won't find any other album like it, and if 'Settle' is any decent indication of the future of EDM, then I am all ears for 2014. As for the future of Disclosure  well let's face it, with a debut this commanding, they're set.
FINAL SCORE: 100 (perfect)",0,1,"Feb 21, 2014"
7,"http://osianlewis.blogspot.co.uk/2013/09/disclosure-settle-album-review.html
'Despite its issues, this is a very enjoyable album which is brilliantly produced and delivered. It has plenty of pop hits but also hypnotic rave worthy tracks. A good debut that I hope to hear pumping in clubs for months to come. 7/10.'",0,1,"Sep 10, 2013"
8,"This album is great light electro album, with a throwback at the 90s. Fun for running, chilling or in the car. Sometime towards the end it seems to linger on. I will definitely not forget it any time soon.",0,1,"Nov 21, 2013"
9,"Outstanding debut for Disclosure! With it's massive basslines and exploding house beats, Settle makes the list as one of the best albums released this decade so far (and possible my favorite album of 2013). Disclosure could have taken the easy path and create hit after hit with little to no quality, like David Guetta or Calvin Harris but they decided to make themselves stand out from the crowd of bland electronic producers that have been flooding the charts of the time. In their debut, they bring an, in my opinion, an all-star list of collaborators and as excellent as they deliver, they never seem to distract you from the infectious production of Disclosure. By far,my favorite electronic album this decade. Quality pop music on here - highest of recommendations to check this out.
Best Songs: Defeated No More, Help Me Lost My Mind, Latch
9.6/10",0,0,"Oct  6, 2015"
6,"It is not bad. Not bad at all. But it lacks innovation and some 'freshness'. It is a highly eclectic album, picking the best from different genres of electronic music but it fails to bring something new to this not-very specific selection. It is also too long with repetitive tracks which are mostly worsened by guest vocals. Boys are at their best when they are doing songs by themselves.",0,0,"Jun 18, 2013"
9,"I never really was a fan of electronic music. Maybe I didn't explore the genre too well, but to me electronic music seemed black and white; consisting of either over-the-top dubstep or stagnant ambient music.
However once introduced to this album through a friend's suggestion, I fell in love with it almost immediately. Of course I was enamored by Sam Smith's Latch at first, though through a couple of playthroughs of all the songs, I found that I liked a majority of the tracks. Though some songs didn't seem to have any direction like 'Grab Her' and 'Second Chance', none of them were a pain to have in the background. The rhythm of every song is catchy and will have your fingers tapping.
While the album tracks can be considered 'sexy', they never included graphic sexual references. This was a nice change for a music industry that focuses heavily on either rampant sex or sappy love songs. The mood was mature, but not necessarily inappropriate either; a really good combo. And although the lyrics weren't deep or meaningful, the flow and tone set by them really enrich the music. The inclusion of UK singers additionally accentuate the romantic feel of the album. While romance is the overarching theme of this album, the songs are never repetitive. Songs like 'Latch' and 'White Noise' will make you feel like dancing, whereas 'Defeated No More' and 'Help Me Lose My Mind' offer smooth relaxing beats and lyrics.
Disclosure's settle is a tremendous album. Definitely buy it and check out some of the remixes.",0,0,"Sep  5, 2014"
8,"While the sounds in this album have been done before, the House beats that these two brothers employ feels lively as ever with tons of great tracks that are great to jam to.",0,0,"Apr 23, 2015"
9,"Deep House is usually up there with my least enjoyed Dance genres, so for this to get my attention was a big deal. Only liked a few tracks at first but it really grew on me, with some of the tracks gaining next level status.
Fave tracks: 'White Noise', 'Latch', 'F for You', 'When a Fire Starts to Burn', 'Help Me Lose My Mind'",0,0,"May 13, 2014"
9,"A surreal experience that only groups like Disclosure can offer you is where you're on throughout this amazing album. The best piece of House work by far!",0,0,"Apr 22, 2014"
9,"Disclosure jumps out of the crowd with bursting originality and sound. Dance and Electronica come together in an almost perfect harmony, however this album loses interest around the middle with somewhat dull songs, but picks up afterwards.",0,0,"Oct 29, 2015"
8,"8.0
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz",0,0,"Aug  9, 2016"
9,"Simply, it is a pleasure to listen this album. It is certainly what a dance record should be like. The beats, melodies and the rhythm can get you into the groove!",0,0,"May 11, 2016"
10,"I think this is an excellent album.
has excellent songs like Professional Griefer, The Veldt, Channel 42, maths and Supperliminal think Deadmau5 did a great job",3,3,"Jan 16, 2013"
6,"For anyone who's familiar with EDM's favorite mau5, Album Title Goes Here is as expected more of the same, and whether that be a yay or nay, is up to the listeners. For newer audiences that may not be familiar with the EDM cult, 'Professional Griefers' featuring Gerard Way from My Chemical Romance is probably the most accessible track, featuring electronic guitar-esque stuttered beats along with Way's signature aggressive vocals. Its recommendable tracks are 'There Will Be Coffee', a progressive house breakdown that's strong on melody, 'The Veldt', another progressive house song strong on melodies which blend swimmingly with newcomer James' soothing voice, and 'Telemiscommunications', which features synthpop songstress Imogen Heap in one of her most plausible vocal performances to date. However, its negativity derives from the negatives previous album faced: deadmau5's sheer lack of progression, with tedious opener 'Superliminal' and headache inducing 'Maths' being notable examples of that. So far fans, it depends on whether you're looking for the same ole, same ole. And for newer audiences, it just depends on what you expected from the hype.",2,2,"Oct 13, 2012"
7,">Album Title Goes Here< is certainly does little to be the most standout offering from the now super-popular Deadmau5.  Nokia has uses Deadmau5 in great amounts to showcase their products worldwide through 4D city-wide projects, and it's been cool.  But all that stardom warrants greater expectations from the fan base and those who are interested in checking in with Deadmau5 for the first time.  While >Album Title Goes Here< won't necessarily be regarded as his best work overall, there are some stellar movers & shakers to be found here.  Easily one of the best cuts features My Chemical Romance's Gerard Way on 'Professional Griefers', carrying a tightly woven, sick & infectious production with Way shout-chanting his way through some kind of post-apocalyptic surreality where the world is gone insane and digital fantasties run amuck.  Outside of Griefers and the album opener 'Superliminal', >Album Title Goes Here< finds most of its stride in restrained club-house tendencies.  'The Veldt', 'October', and 'Closer' demonstrate this greatly with longer intros that blend into steady beats overlain with programmed synthesizers to carry the hooky melodies.  No, this may not be his best work, but it certainly is fun and worth adding to the collection for already-fans.  Newcomers may want to start with some of the predecessors to >Album Title Goes Here< before fully jumping in this late in the game.",1,1,"Jan  8, 2013"
9,"Pretty good album and satisfied with purchase. There are some really bassy songs like Channel 42 and Fn Pig. This album is mixed with vocals and techno.",1,1,"Apr 24, 2013"
0,"This is the worst album  I have ever heard from deadmau5. I am a huge fan since 2008. I saw him and had the opportunity to meet and talk to him in 2009. Cool guy. This album seems like it was rushed. None of the tracks flow together, each song sounds like 2 songs put together, yeah cool but it doesnt sound relevant, it just sounds like to completely different songs in one that have nothing to do with each-other. superliminal was cool but it doesnt even come close to what hes capable of. October, Veldt and profession greifers (only the intrumental) are great. The sound qaulity is really good but the rest of the songs sound cheesy (no pun). The tracks sound like amature work. deadmau5 used to blow me away with his music now I am only shocked at how horrible some of the songs are. I hope he was just rushed into making this album and I think he should take some time off and focus on making music instead of having some pretty lights. I mean thats cool n all but I seriously am not going to another show unless he comes out with a better album and or he just doesn't play majourty of the songs. I also liked failbait for what it is, and most of the collabs are great. but this album terrified me. Where did that deadmau5 funk go?",3,6,"Oct 12, 2012"
10,"Just another great CD to workout to, do homework, drive, and enjoy life. Everything is better listening to Deadmau5, and he is diverse enough to have music that appeals to any mood I could be in.",2,4,"Oct  4, 2012"
6,"I usually love deadmau5's albums through and through, but this is his weakest attempt in a while. Most of the good songs were eithor leaked or previosly released. I feel like he tried to make a really long album. I would rather have a great small album than a large one filled with alright songs. the only good songs that werent already released were superliminal and Sleepless",1,2,"Sep 29, 2012"
9,"Songs in this album are individually made. You don't dance them, idiots, you 'dig' them with your 'head' and that is how it's made. It's one of the influent and concentration giving albums that I am able to hear by myself. And because of deadmau5 and his career of progressive house, there will still be no f***s given to the mainstream, todays trending, nor the world out there, just listen. The criticizers should start listening instead of making bias to the funny and obvious sounding title. It's deadmau5 and his idea of making the title that way, the same way he told everyone the truth in his album 'For Lack of a Better Name'. Stop whining. > album title goes here < isn't bad at all, it's just Failbait that is out of style. The album itself is different, people around the world are listening to the whole thing. I throughly enjoy all the songs from Superliminal to October. Sleepless and Telemiscommunications are just a bit from deadmau5's mind. Never ever mind the Failbait (while reviewing).",1,2,"Oct 19, 2012"
3,"In his 2012 effort, Album Title Goes Here, deadmau5 sticks to his style that works for him and his fans, which is no problem in my book. However, some tracks never find their footing (",1,2,"Nov 12, 2012"
9,"This is the new Deadmau5 album, absolutely wonderful. Such a kick to listen to whilst working out. Superliminal is the best track on the album.  Good job, Joel.",1,3,"Sep 29, 2012"
8,"Some great tracks, some OK tracks, a couple I found a little annoying or totally out of place for deadmau5. The album doesn't flow very well; it's too bad he didn't write it as a continuous mix like his others (though there is a pretty good one on youtube by SNSR3DLINE). I'll give it a decent rating because I like deadmau5, and there are some great songs on here, but he can definitely do better.",0,0,"May  9, 2013"
8,"This album is a good album if you ask me.This album is better than 4x4=12 for me that is just my opinion.This album ads more harmony and happines into songs.Deadmau5 did a good job going on a big risk to go full progresive house on this album.Irespect the only hardcore fans who love hard songs from deadmau5 but its still a good album.It does not desever like a 55 it deserves a 80.Critics i think just listenen the songs like telemiscomunications or filbait and closer but they did not listen to the super songs named the veldet or professional girafigers or eaven there might be coffe.its an 8 for me and you shoud buy this album if you like house and that kind of music.",0,0,"May 31, 2013"
8,"Great album! I hear a new style that I really like, shown in October, Closer, and There Might be Coffee that I really like! What I do not like is Telemiscommunications, Failbait, and Sleepless. But overall, great job!",0,0,"Dec 11, 2013"
3,"Don't get me wrong, I love Deadmau5, and this album has it's moments like 'Superliminal', 'The Veldt', and 'Professional Griefers', but overall the album is sub-par for Deadmau5 standards.  In particular, songs like 'Fn Pig' and 'Take Care of the Proper Paperwork' are just simply not that good and the rest of the tracks seem like they are half-baked at best. Though this album is forgivable since it is just a collection of past recordings, hopefully Deadmau5's next album is far better.",0,0,"Dec 27, 2013"
9,"This review is not in english, sry about that.
Ok, na wstpie warto zaznaczy, e Deadmau5 pody waciw ciek. Odstawi w niepami dubstepowe wstawki na rzecz czystego house'u bd eksperymentalnej muzyki (czyt. elektronicznej). W pamici zapad mi utwr Fn Pig przywodzcy czasy starego Joela, ale gwiazd albumu jest dla mnie Take Care of Proper Paperwork. Geniusz w czystej postaci, nie rozumiem te narzeka co do braku przysowiowego 'dropu', takowy jest tam zbdny. Ogem martwa mysz sklecia fantastyczny album, ale mam wraenie, e sta j na wicej :)",0,0,"Jun 24, 2014"
9,"This might be a really good EDM album I've so far listened. Deadmau5 is my favourite DJ and I think this is one of my favourite albums I ever brought so far. Really good album.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2016"
6,"6.5    z",0,0,"Aug  9, 2016"
10,"Just amazing. Highlights include I waited for you, Interference, and Put your Hands together. I waited for you, Interference, and Put your hands together are all very dance/club friendly.",1,1,"Jun 29, 2012"
9,"Excellent album. It took its time to really build up each track but yet didn't seem to drag on like a LOT of dance albums (52 minutes went by fast).  It ebbed and flowed quite nicely. The LP packaging is awesome as well. 'Your Love Aint Fair' is my favorite track on the album. The synth track on that song alone was worth the price of the album.",0,0,"Aug  8, 2012"
9,"Unpatterns is a very strong and experimental, although club-friendly dance record. A more mature effort compared to SMD's first two albums, which I still enjoyed nonetheless.",0,0,"Oct 22, 2014"
8,"I think Steve Aoki deserves more credit than he gets. This is a good album, and it will certainly make you dance. It is definitely not cerebral, in any sense, but it is not meant to be. Take it for what it is, a nice fusion of electro, house and even some dub.",0,4,"Feb 18, 2012"
7,"This album is definitely an album that fits well outside of the club. Andy Butler has a great musical mind that goes beyond one type of music. The Most interesting song from this album has probably got to be the song 'step up' but the different vocalists all sound great as well. It gets a 7/10 from me because even though it was decent, it didn't push any musical boundaries or show us anything totally new or different.",0,0,"Aug 17, 2011"
4,"Hercules and Love Affair are the people responsible for one of the greatest albums of 2008 and the best debut of that year. It",0,0,"Oct 23, 2011"
8,"I know that I am supposed to make my review sound more intelligent by stringing polysyllabic words as closely together as possible, but I am just going to tell you how I feel. Matilda is definitely up there with my favorite albums of the past year. I am relatively eclectic with my music, but this is certainly not my most frequented genre (if it falls in a genre). This speaks to how strong this album really is. I also feel that originality is undervalued by most people, and this has quite a bit of that. The album tends to mix several genres (one example - Spanish guitar, dub step, and hip-hop with melodic ballad type vocals) on some songs, while offering beautifully slow vocals and piano on others. Don't see my eight score as taking any thunder away from the album. Eight is a level that few achieve in my book. Overall I think that with a few more tracks and a couple of tweaks (don't ask me what they would be) to 'push it over the edge' on other tracks, you have a classic album on your hands.",0,0,"Jun  1, 2011"
10,"Simply put, this is genius. There is so much you can say. It deserves to be heard. Not only does it deserve to be heard, it lives and breathes. Jamie xx builds on the explosion of British dubstep by melding Gil Scott Heron's poetry with awkward alternative aesthetics that call on you to abandon your perception of music as functional for purpose. The truth is this album is worth much more than the $13 dollars it cost to buy your download, especially if you fully understand musical composition, production and engineering (or in fact, general artistry). Put simply this is high end art and some artists have been known to sell for $20 mil. 100/100",0,2,"Mar  9, 2011"
8,"This is a very complex album with a lot of depth. A little depressing at points, the album is consistently groovy, and the mix of Gil's spoken word and great production gives the album a jazzy, gritty, urban feel. Highly recommended.",0,0,"Sep 27, 2011"
7,"Jamie xx's singles and remixes are catchy, quirky and intelligent, and even genius at times, but after the first listen can become sadly forgettable. However, some of Jamie xx's tracks are absolute headphone gems, and will most likely stay on your iPod for eternity.",0,0,"May  7, 2013"
8,"From the 2 albums from SHM this is the best one  The album Until Now is a little bit week but it has two very strongs songs  Don't You Worry Child & Save The World   although Until One has one of the most epic songs ever  Leave the world behind  that was and still is a club hit",0,0,"Apr 26, 2013"
8,"Starts off with three cracking tunes which are among their best but with the tunefree Hamburg Hotel it takes a dive. Thereafter it's back on form with Moon in Water being the stand out. The tail end is brought up with Louisiana, a slow and somewhat dull track. It's a better album than any other since Second Toughest In The Infants but falls short of the standards of Dubnobasswithmyheadman.",0,0,"Mar 30, 2016"
8,"Very fun to listen to and makes you want to dance in your car.",1,1,"Jul 30, 2001"
9,"Hey! The duo that can make the whole music scene celebrates the fun of dance music again made a even more cheerful and groundbreaking LP that will make every listener get high all night.",0,0,"May 25, 2002"
10,"Best dance album of the year. You could easily dance yourself to death.",0,0,"Feb  1, 2004"
10,"Where's your head at is a timeless classic. I could listen to that song alone over and over. But the rest of the album is great as well.",0,0,"May 18, 2006"
