The Quietus,90,"Even if youre not spiritually inclined, the music is still proper techno: chuggy in some places and mystical in others, but always total class."
AllMusic,80,"This particular release has all the textures, tinkles and poise the listener craves from Moss, while often arming them with some pretty hefty, distorted kicks and bass."
Exclaim,80,"Bullish and forceful, The Discos of Imhotep is also a work of considerable intricacy and mystery. Jamal Moss aims high and rarely overreaches, making the album not only ambitious, but a welcome blast of modern house that would live up any club night."
PopMatters,80,"The comparison between [The Disco's of Imhotep] and Ancient Echoes revealing the absolutely consistency of Moss's vision over the years. [Aug 2016, p.50]"
Resident Advisor,80,"This is a kaleidoscopic, hard-hitting record designed for the feet as much as the synapses, healing by frequencies."
Uncut,80,"The release does an excellent job of touching on several facets of Moss' personality, and will most certainly encourage newcomers to seek out as many of his other recordings as possible."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Sweaty and ecstatic, elevated and pure, The Discos of Imhotep weaves quite the spell. This might be the most accessible Hieroglyphic Being album to date, but Jamal Moss remains out there on his own."
The Wire,80,"This is techno music that fires the mind and soothes the soul; intricate, micro-tuned productions that work on a guttural level; electronic music that soars by aural intelligence rather than lumpen sonic trickery. In the end, you may not be healed by The Discos of Imhotep but youll certainly be uplifted."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Where previous releases under the moniker have explored the grittier, DIY side of house, here Moss leans towards the lush, psychedelic end of the spectrum, and delivers a kaleidoscopic sonic journey that commands you to keep going back."
Exclaim,70,"A premise so potentially sprawling is over and done with after 35 minutes. As the conduit probably has his next spiritual plain and energy source in mind, it all adds to the enigma."
AllMusic,70,"For an artist who has released as prolifically as Moss, having a defining solo album is a hard choice. But this is an excellent primer for Jamal Mosss singular ideology, and deserves our dual attention."
Mojo,70,"Though at times a little too cacophonous, the nine-track LP is an impressive collection that remains true to its Afrofuturistic roots."
PopMatters,60,"It's foundations are suitably raw, emotional and, more often than not rhythmically muscular. And yet, by skillfully offsetting this by weaving in strands of Afro-jazz, the pervading mood is one of calming, introspective reverie. [Sep 2016, p.93]"

Mixmag,80,"ts a record about how the night is more than just an expanse of time to sleep through or drink away. Indeed, through Wests eyes, its much more: a richly populated terrain where life can be discovered, avowed, and confronted, even in the darkest of corners."
Resident Advisor,70,"It takes us back to the late 00s, when the likes of Martyn, Sepalcure and Joy Orbison were bringing lushness and melody to (post) dubstep--and thats no bad place to be at all."
Mixmag,70,"While there's certainly a sorrowful theme to this album, it doesn't seem like West is merely interested in creating dark, depressing music; there's still something hopeful and encouraging about it."
PopMatters,70,"West, when left alone to his devices, is able to transform emotion into the esoteric, colluding synthesis into vibrant, organic swaths of sound. Rhythmically taking jabs like hesitation marks, throwing caution to the wind."
Record Collector,70,"On Night Melody, West has created a touchingly personal piece of art that feels more like an addendum to Howl than a jarringly new chapter in his musical journey."
Dusted Magazine,64,"The mood of each piece sticks to a narrow range between quietly brooding and vaguely anthemic. But it's not only business as usual for Rival Consoles. In small pockets and slight gestures, distinctive traits emerge from West's symphonic electronics."

The Wire,78,"Many of the tracks on Hangin' At The Beach, much like Pink's low-key classic 'Life In LA,' grapple with the paradox of feeling lonely and alienated in paradise. Perlman's able to evoke these ideas without lyrics, using a casual, collagist approach to create his most profound work to date."
The Observer (UK),75,"You get the sense that he can go pretty much anywhere sonically, and the brevity of each track combined with all the driving rhythms makes the record feel like a roller-coaster tour of his firing neurons."
AllMusic,70,"The album is clearly the product of the artist's singular vision rather than anything created with commercial expectations, and while certain listeners might find it indulgent or amateur-sounding, give it a chance and it might prove to be a rewarding, amusing listen."
Pitchfork,70,"Fans of surrealist, lo-fi beats and the 1980s will finds Edwards' beach worth visiting."
The Quietus,60,"There are rhythms and sounds that instantly come off as nostalgic, but in the best moments the beats and textures merge to form something wholly unidentifiable."

The Skinny,80,"The variations arent as wild, but that doesnt mean you dont notice them, the Glasgow zeitgeist keeping things moving as a supreme technician (ever the perfectionist, this final cut apparently took five takes)."
Clash Music,80,"An energetic, main-room mix that touches on many styles."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Revill's thoughtful selections and undeniable ability to fuse a number of moving parts into a thoroughly enjoyable listening experience make for a wonderfully ambitious venture worth every minute."
Exclaim,80,"DJ-Kicks is essentially a peak-time mix of house and techno that would be devastating if played at any club, standing still and not cracking a smile would be basically impossible. The mix is mostly made up of tracks and not songs and as such really works best on a speaker system than headphones."
Mojo,75,"Jackmaster lets his choices breathe and doesnt hurry from cut to cut for the sake of covering more ground, even as tracks pool together and reform anew."
PopMatters,70,"This wonderfully demonstrates Jackmaster's flair for surprising selections while keeping the mix focused on moving the crowd."
Mixmag,68,"DJ-Kicks isn't the best mix Jackmaster's ever done, largely because his taste in new house and techno is less convincing than what's in his record collection at home. There are, however, flashes of brilliance that confirm his status as one of the most skilful and thrilling DJs working today."

AllMusic,80,"The man who won a BAFTA for his soundtrack to Broadchurch stitches his own sombre and beatless exclusives into rainy, greyscale pop, intimate ambient and frosty bass like it aint no thing beautiful."
Drowned In Sound,80,"The whole set is neatly balanced and a joyous listen."
Exclaim,80,"Arnalds says he spent months agonising over this mix, and the effort shows. This latest addition to the Late Night Tales catalogue isnt just a seamless journey into his music collection--by the end, you definitely feel like you can relate to him too."
Resident Advisor,60,"Considering the emotional arc of this mix, it seems likely that the listener will have fallen asleep crying by that point. There's some fine music on it, but it's not recommended if you're expecting pleasant dreams."

Resident Advisor,82,"The second Floorplan album feels triumphant enough to bear the title Victorious. It's a stellar follow-up to Paradise."
Pitchfork,80,"Missteps matter little on an album that proves a minimal tour de force, home to some of the most simply enjoyable music in Hoods 20-plus-year production history."
AllMusic,80,"Less one-eyed compared to, say Omega: Alive, far less experimental than the last Nighttime World, Victorious still leaves open the interchangeable nature of where Robert Hood starts and Floorplan ends."
Exclaim,68,"Victorious is filled with moments that give you glimpses of the club in heaven, but like the afterlife itself, its always out of reach, distinct only in brief flashes and in feverish moments."

NOW Magazine,80,"Trippy instrumental Traanc is probably the most quintessential Audion track, while Destroyer and Sucker scream Circoloco 2016 until their production lungs run out of steam."
Clash Music,70,"A more refined classic techno sound, paying homage to his adopted hometown of Detroit. [Aug 2016, p.71]"
Mixmag,70,"The album retains Dear's personality while dutifully serving its function."
XLR8r,70,"Alpha divides its time between striking out, tempering aggression and giving time to think and go deeper, walking the line between something to respect and invest in. For a producer with as marked an evolution as Dear, thats pretty clear cut."
Drowned In Sound,68,"As far as home-listening goes, Alpha is too inflexible to give a dynamic front-to-back experience. But that's not surprising: Alpha was made with DJs in mind. And on that level, the music has plenty to offer."
Pitchfork,61,"Tracks such as There Was a Button and Traanc are acceptable as minimal-house DJ tools, but as greater parts of a long-playing whole, they seem lost for a broader context--a context Dear previously had no trouble offering. Only at Alphas tail end does Audions (and Dears) personality assert itself."

AllMusic,80,"You nearly always know what you're going to get with Plaid albums, but equally to miss them, to pass them up, is akin to passing up on some of those curious pleasures that make life so enjoyable, whatever these might be. So, you know what you must do; get digging The Digging Remedy."
Resident Advisor,80,"While this ninth LP retains Plaid's signature style, it also offers far more range than dependable recent outings Reachy Prints or Scintilli. [Aug 2016, p.96]"
Mixmag,80,"It is a summertime record if ever there was one, filled with sunshine and nostalgia. It just goes to show that there will always be room in the world for more hook infested, balmy electronic music that makes you grin like an idiot."
Clash Music,70,"At times a track will roll into monotony, sort of running in place, but such is the pitfall of electronic sequencing. This is mostly avoided and instances of off kilter somersaulting that toy with the matrix of beat measures make for engaging conversation between rhythmic elements."
Drowned In Sound,70,"There's little on the pair's ninth album that will surprise longtime admirers; rather, Plaid play to their strengths. [Aug 2016, p.80]"
AllMusic,70,"With The Digging Remedy, Plaid remain eclectic as ever, keeping their oddness and exploratory nature intact."
Resident Advisor,65,"Plaid's sweet spot is halfway between cross-eared sonic  doodling and IDM convention, the midpoint where you can hear both ends. [No. 133, p.59]"
The Quietus,65,"The good news about The Digging Remedy is that its lovely and listenable for any longtime followers, or for anyone remotely interested in the kind of melodic IDM defined by this piece. However, it is neither an exciting deviation nor a refinement; as such, its really just more of an already-good thing, albeit packaged less delicately."
Clash Music,60,"Its more of a reaffirmation of what Plaid have always been--dancing between the clever and the clever-clever, always remembering that you need to have gone clubbing to enjoy any post-club chill out."
Pitchfork,60,"The departure comes with tracks like The Bee, itself a pastiche of the trip-hop genre, while tracks like Melifer fuse the distinctive Plaid sound with pretty Balearic guitar melodies to keep things interesting."
Mixmag,60,"Tracks can occasionally patter past without triggering the same fight-or-flight response, but when their machinery really gears up, they remain masters of electronic mood. [Aug 2016, p.115]"
Uncut,60,"Plaid remain enjoyable, if a little stuck in a rut."
AllMusic,56,"As a whole, the music is warm and pleasant, even occasionally gorgeous, but it feels a bit bloodless."

Clash Music,100,"Its an album that feels reflective but forward-thinking, observing a time and space but interpreting it in a way that all can appreciate."
Resident Advisor,100,"So pretty, so welcoming, so ridiculously clever."
Pitchfork,80,"Better considered as an 11-track experience than a conventional record, Good Luck and Do Your Best is a work of admirable consistency and tonal clarity."
The 405,80,"For an album that started out from just a very simple phrase, it is remarkable just how complete it is."
Mojo,80,"Inspired by a trip to Japan, Good Luck and Do Your Best is one of Gold Panda's warmest, sunniest releases, reflecting the colorful foliage of the island nation."
PopMatters,80,"Bound to give you that warm, fuzzy feeling."
Under The Radar,80,"GLADYB doesn't really deviate from the path that was laid down by previous albums Lucky Shiner and Half of Where You Live, but--perhaps even more impressively--it stays decidedly on it, rounding out a beautiful trilogy of semi-danceable, definitely nod-able records. It may even be his best."
Uncut,80,"Choppy beats and rhythms along with shuffling percussion helps create a feeling of urban movement and flux. There is a swagger to the songs that is hard to ignore--Panda has created the album that he has always hinted at."
AllMusic,80,"Executed with conviction and instilled with its spirited concept, Good Luck and Do Your Best is an excitingly off-beat take on a feel-good album. This is Gold Pandas most accomplished and adventurous work yet."
Magnet,80,"As with previous releases, Gold Panda blends repetition with rich sonic textures that are so diverse that they are almost tactile. This is one of 2016's best electronic albums so far, and it's difficult to see how it can be topped."
Pitchfork,75,"Theres a sense of positivity throughout that recalls the lighter works of contemporaries like CFCF or early Baths. Utilizing that warmth, Gold Panda is able to master restraint and thoughtfulness."
Record Collector,74,"It sounds quite unlike any of the electronic music being made in 2016, and is refreshingly unfashionable in that way."
Clash Music,72,"2013's Half Of Where You Live was largely built around recordings made while traveling the world, including Japan, so what's unique about Good Luck is how it sounds less like a specific place than a flurry of memories made there."
Q Magazine,70,"Despite not taking any drastic leaps, hes once again delivered another wide-eyed, hypnotic set that finds a satisfactory compromise between quasi-ambient soundscapes and headphone-nodding grooves."
Exclaim,60,"This one feels more grounded, less frantic and, despite that constant pulsing movement, more at home. [#361, p.109]"
Resident Advisor,60,"Good Luck and Do Your Best is so far out there but at the same time feels right at home; making it one of Pandas most thrilling pieces to date."
Record Collector,58,"Good Luck and Do Your Best is dull, an affair that lacks curiosity because the answers are in front of him. None of the production is outright bad, just done before by the likes of Four Tet, Nujabes, and John Talabot."

The Skinny,90,"For the most part, its a sweaty journey of ribcage-rattling techno from the genres biggest players."
PopMatters,80,"This is a great, high-energy mix that really gives a flavor of a night on the floor at Fabric, and presages a promising career indeed for Fitzpatrick."
musicOMH.com,80,"Fitzpatrick latterly allows breathing space by lessening the intensity to a measly 85% or so; the beats keep rolling to a ubiquitous clatter of hi-hats until youre flintstoning your dancing shoes and moving Zombie-like to the less than subliminal command of Session Restores Speak Out."
AllMusic,66,"Recorded in one take, fabric 87 captures the peak-time spirit of fabric's Room 2, and showcases exclusive edits from the DJ and remixes of currently boxfresh tracks like 'Lolly Pop' by Reset Robot. So it's a shame that the mix runs out of energy before the end, pulling the knockout blow it should have had."

The Guardian,85,"Though its easy to compare his music to the ambient and electronica progenitors, Elasticity is very much the product of now--from the depth of production to the modern palette deployed."
Exclaim,80,"Elasticity's 78-minute running time can be daunting and exhausting, but A Sagittariun's abundance of creativity and positive energy is admirable, making the album a rewarding experience."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Elasticity rewards repeat listens from start to finish."
The Line of Best Fit,60,"Stitched together with a number of spoken word excerpts from the likes of neo-shaman Terence McKenna, it's music rooted in the early UK rave scene. [May 2016, p.91]"

Under The Radar,91,"These tracks dont feel futuristic, but they shine with a blinding light, capping one of the most impressive arcs of any album so far this year."
Consequence of Sound,90,"Its both pretty much anything you could ask for as a long-term fan and the kind of late-period album that is actually worth spreading beyond the faithful."
Pitchfork,85,"Sometimes you have to look back to move forward, and by doing that, Underworld have made their best album in almost twenty years."
Resident Advisor,83,"By the time the triumphant final expansive push to the end arrives, its become one of Underworlds most powerful musical statements--and the memorable grace note to a strong return to form."
No Ripcord,81,"Underworlds never had trouble getting listeners to their feet. This gorgeously love-drunk finale makes Barbara a record that can bring them to their knees."
Q Magazine,80,"From the thumping, industrial charge of I Exhale to the sublimely hypnotic techno of Low Burn, Underworld are in full form, giving meaning and substance to every single minute with hardly a wasted moment."
DIY Magazine,80,"An album on which Underworld reestablish themselves as supreme dance music architects."
Pretty Much Amazing,80,"The forceful pace and commanding lyric-mangling that originally brought them to the publics attention are still very much in place."
Mixmag,80,"There are several elements from their entire career fused with new ones, as well as a newfound accessibility that also signals a creativity boost. It's great to see Underworld this vital once again, indeed facing a shining future."
AllMusic,80,"Where Barking was all about the kinetic energy of the feet and arms, Barbara joins the soul and the head, its rhythms enhancing rather than driving the experience."
Clash Music,80,"The album sags a little in the middle, but whats an epic without a few longueurs? The optimism of the title is well founded."
Resident Advisor,80,"Near perfect and a step forward as well, Barbara Barbara, We Face a Shining Future belongs on Underworld's top shelf."
XLR8r,80,"Barbara Barbara, We Face a Shining Future is never weighed down by its makers history."
AllMusic,80,"Barbara, the duo's first album of original material together in five years, often stacks up with their best work and suggests that the ideas they pioneered in the '90s aren't just back en vogue--they've held up amid decades of fast-moving techno."
Resident Advisor,80,"Hyde and Smith prove they still have the Midas touch."
Mojo,80,"It's elemental Underworld, and their most generous work in years. [Apr 2016, p.86]"
Pretty Much Amazing,80,"Barbara Barbara is an ideal way for them to restate their currency. Having lain dormant, the creature is alive once more, electrifyingly so.[Apr 2016, p.103]"
PopMatters,75,"Those looking to understand the evolution of electronica across the pond will find that Barbara Barbara, we face a shining future will welcome them in nearly as much as Underworlds debut LP."
The Line of Best Fit,75,"Weighing in at just seven songs, album number eight is a far meatier experience than it seems."
The A.V. Club,70,"Underworld refuse to heed their own advice, and the subtle juxtaposition of light and dark elevate Barbara from a decent listen to an enthralling one."
Pitchfork,70,"Underworld have forsworn the well-trodden path of replication and opted instead for another path. Gone are the tub-thumpers of yore in favour of understated, yet nevertheless, euphoric electronica bursting with hope."
No Ripcord,70,"Barbara Barbara... makes explicit the band's influence, as well as their core strengths. [Apr 2016, p.81]"
The Quietus,60,"Its purpose is to cement Underworld as elder statesmen of minor-arena-filling, rather than floor-filling, amorphously electronic music. Its not hip, but its not square either."
Record Collector,60,"That could stand as a motto for the album: this is music seeking to let in the light."
Sputnikmusic,60,"The album, which at just seven tracks long (and none of them 15-minute monsters on the order of Juanita) feels almost like a two-fisted EP."
musicOMH.com,60,"Barbara... is less massive comeback than slight return."

The Observer (UK),90,"No other album made by the countless electronic composers delves this deeply into places people fear to face."
AllMusic,90,"Hollowed will give you hope, then gut you. Nothing but a victory all round."
The Guardian,80,"It's a remarkably brutal record, gleefully stomping about with all the toys spread across the floor, and all the better for it. [Apr 2016, p.54]"
Los Angeles Times,80,"Above all, it represents a bold, sensorily majestic step in the right direction by an artist no longer content to tread water."
Spin,80,"There's a cohesiveness here hard to miss, an emotionally-charged aura and elegantly precise feel that runs from Hollowed's surging opening notes to its final, poignant fade."
Mojo,80,"Hollowed is a dark, sometimes devastating album that finds Ital Tek letting go of his previous methods of composition, resulting in his most personal, accomplished work yet."
Q Magazine,74,"As the realised aspirations of Myson's inner-teen, Hollowed is startlingly articulate and mature."

Consequence of Sound,100,"Daze challenges the listener more than most dime-a-dozen electronic music."
Under The Radar,80,"DAZE is a collection of perverted smash hits in overdrive, a keyed up, obsessively concerned, hyperbolic exaggeration along the lines of Werkflow compatriot Recsunds recent mix for Disjecta."
Clash Music,80,"What it does have is stimulating music that takes you on a journey, something every piece of electronic music should aspire to. In this way, Brood Ma has created a clear success. Everything else is just icing on the cake."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Daze's exhilarating intensity is tempered by an undercurrent of grim pleasure in physical discomfort, worming under your skin like Tri Angle labelmate Rabit's similarly caustic 'Pandemic.' [Feb 2016, p.53]"
Uncut,80,"Daze is an astounding leap forward, harnessing an overwhelming amount of energy and transforming it into an arsenal of sonic warfare. The album also feels like it's the beginning of what could become a lengthy saga, with many additional battles to come."
Tiny Mix Tapes,75,"Part of the success of Daze is how fully Brood Ma commits to his sonic palette without committing to a singular musical style."
The Independent (UK),70,"Brood Ma's vision of the future may be dark, but on the challenging, rewarding DAZE, his future as a purveyor of its soundtrack is all but secured."
Slant Magazine,60,"When Brood Ma gets all his dice in a row, he comes close to nailing it. But more often than not, his attempts fall short because of their sheer hyperactivity."
The Skinny,60,"This is electronic music both messy and menacing. Listen if you dare."
PopMatters,58,"The sheer density of his music is its most interesting quality, but also a weakness. Like the panicked crowds filling the streets in your favourite disaster movie, Stringer's tracks run in a hundred directions at once and ultimately get nowhere."

Clash Music,90,"The album is a sharp, thrilling experience, and easily one of Funk's most focused works."
The Wire,90,"Fans will still recognize his inimitable approach to propulsive off-kilter rhythm and dissonant timbres, organized into fluid yet alien structures, but the sound is deeper, and its inherent joy all the more resonant."
The Quietus,80,"One of his most engrossing albums yet, a gorgeously unsettling collection of itchy electronics. [Apr 2016, p.81]"
XLR8r,80,"Traditional Synthesizer Musics rudimentary way of coming to be has an added bonus in that its softer on the ears than pretty much any of its predecessors, making the points at which Funk wakes from his slumber all the more palatable."
AllMusic,80,"As the listens pile up--one realises suits Traditional Synthesizer Music (both the album and the notion) more than anticipated. A welcome return to top form."
Resident Advisor,74,"Traditional Synthesizer Music feels not so much traditional as a refresh: a suite of music that is crafted and ferociously complex, but at its root a pure and primal thing, high on its own chaos."
Drowned In Sound,70,"It's Venetian Snares going back to the root of his influences by means of a longer-established medium. An admirable idea well executed, but as a listener I'm just not ready for a drill & bass revival and as such this album beggars few repeat plays."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Throughout the record there's the vague notion that Funk is taking a swipe at the synth fetishism that's made modular systems achingly hip again in recent years. Traditional in essence it may well be, but it's done with arched eyebrows and a knowing smirk."
PopMatters,66,"Venetian Snares albums are usually tough and intense listens, but Traditional Synthesizer Music can be fuzzy to a fault. It lacks the internal turmoil that defines Funk's best music."
The Wire,60,"The timbres of the modular synth, in my opinion, are dull, but that doesnt mean that Venetian Snares hasnt created interesting music from his machines."
AllMusic,50,"It's only when that rhythm programming is either stripped right back or broken apart that you get a sense of overabundant glee in playing with the blurts and splurts of the synth timbres, and this feels like more than the generic, albeit impeccably executed IDM record that the title rightly suggests. [Mar 2016, p.53]"

Pitchfork,80,"There are echoes of recognisable genres here, but the overwhelming sense is of a burned-out mind, muttering freaky things to itself, as sounds fizzle and char around it. Yet somehow, as the rhythms chatter, vocoders sing hymns to deviant gods and the synths melt, it sounds like something you want to get involved with."
Exclaim,70,"Its not necessarily perfect, with a number of its brief 13 tracks sounding like unfinished sketches, but somehow the sum total adds up to an engaging, if unsettling, minor masterpiece."
The Quietus,70,"Overall, Smoke still gets over on his ability to craft rich, moody soundscapes, although almost all the tracks on the album would have worked better as standalone instrumentals."
Clash Music,70,"The result is an attention-grabbing album that reaches inward and artfully delivers vulnerable thoughts through sharply honed production skills."
Resident Advisor,70,"Love Over Will offers a techno release beyond the noise, one that wrestles with vocal placement and layers chaos into algorithms and filtered metrics strung out in evolving time."
AllMusic,70,"As fans of the Glaswegian producer will know only too well, the solemnity of Menzies work as Alex Smoke has always proved itself to be multi-faceted; transcending the sphere of electronic music to incorporate the multi-instrumentalists penchant for classical instruments. Fast forward to 2016 and this truth remains intact."
Exclaim,70,"Menzies fuses his recent interest in classical work with glitchy dystopian techno, painting a nine-more-black picture that lurches between bruised James Blake and after-hours heroin party with no little elegance before ultimately losing its way in all the fog. [Feb 2016, p.80]"

Uncut,80,"Dark, dislodged, and blown out while still being approachable, Better Strangers is a very impressive album."
Sputnikmusic,74,"With a relatively small number of building blocks, Acre has built an album that feels varied, showcases a range of emotion and, most importantly, feels whole."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Within the iron grip, the looseness of categorisation between dubstep, grime, trap and mutant techno means each mission has something riding on it, transferring an aftershock of grim satisfaction throughout."
Pitchfork,60,"Better Strangers' intense mechanoid rhythms and unfamiliar time signatures can make for uncomfortable listening, but snatches of melody are never far away. [Jan 2016, p.94]"

The Quietus,80,"Echoes of Aphex Twin, Nils Frahm, Arvo Part and Biosphere swirl around a deeply personal but sonically seductive piece of work. [Jan 2016, p.94]"
Clash Music,80,"Seemingly out of nowhere (but actually taking three years to materialize), Bratten has crafted a spectacular, surprisingly confessional album of bone-chilling electronic music suggesting that his previous releases barely hinted at his prodigious talents as a composer and arranger."
Resident Advisor,80,"Bratten's sound is somewhere in-between classic Trentemller and BOC's campfire melodies. By your third listen, you'll be hooked."
Tiny Mix Tapes,74,"Bratten has made an expertly produced, emotionally honest record that defies genre and expectation."

The Wire,90,"Howl is a well-crafted structure, built on the foundation laid by its predecessors. It's certainly the pinnacle of West's career so far, and up there for electronic album highlight of year."
Mixmag,80,"With compressed mechanical wheedles circling each other like birds on Ghosting and the self-explanatory Morning Vox, the machines pumping through Howl are the most organic youll hear all year."
PopMatters,80,"It is the sharpness, leanness, and absorption in detail found on Howl that combine to make it a success. Its not impossible that it could ultimately out-shine a lot of the bigger names it has been pushed up against this year."
Pitchfork,80,"It is the album's ability to create such an immersive experience with relatively few constituent parts that makes this Ryan Lee West's finest release to date."
AllMusic,80,"Howl finds Rival Consoles limiting his palette in order to creatively push himself, resulting in what is easily his most cohesive, expressive full-length to date."
The Quietus,80,"Even though West does chop and change his palette across Howls nine forays into artificial life, its this evolutionary approach that supplies the record with its essential--and highly effective--framework."
Clash Music,77,"The soundscapes he's constructed on his third LP, Howl, are spiky and imposing, too solid to sink into. The music is always shifting, so it's impossible to lose track of time while listening."
Uncut,60,"Despite its shortcomings, Howl is a fine album for those interested in analog electronics and curious what can be done with them outside of a club environment."
AllMusic,58,"Despite its frustratingly monadic nature Howl does hold attention."

Resident Advisor,90,"The music on 20 is equally a view into that mind and its peculiar tastes. Though he rarely gets the level of recognition and respect as his good friend and one-time collaborator Aphex Twin, Paradinas is a visionary, an incredibly talented producer and a savvy curator."
Clash Music,85,"20 is a summary, a quick history lesson, and a celebration building upon itself. It might bypass some of Planet Mus finest momentsinstead, the compilation aims to highlight the history of artists most likely to be around for Planet Mus future."
Mojo,80,"20 gives this now-classic label the classy tribute it deserves."
Mojo,80,"As varied as this all may sound on paper, just keep in mind that Planet Mus most listenable artists are already pretty far into left-field from the start. So when 20 hops from one stone to another, it feels like youre following a path of some sort."
AllMusic,70,"It's fair to say with such as varied collection of sounds from disparate sources, 20 doesn't make it easy on the listener. After spending two hours of being buffeted by a dizzying array of beats and sound textures, listening to the third CD, with its wilful experimentalism, was almost too much on the first listen."

Mixmag,85,"One of the best editions of Total to come along in a while."
Pitchfork,80,"While it doesn't offer up any game changers, it does provide a snapshot of Kompakt's eclectic and, ultimately, satisfying vision of electronic music in 2015."
Exclaim,80,"Sure, it might be the same old names working within the confines of their signature sounds, but Total 15 presents Kompakt's current roster in vintage form."
Spin,76,"This series has always been Kompakts annual attempt to try to shape mainstream house and techno in its own idiosyncratic vision. Once again, it has done so in style."
musicOMH.com,70,"Total 15 demonstrates Kompakt's reliability as well as its unpredictability."
The 405,70,"Total 15 initially feels a bit slight. The second disc more than makes up for this though. [Sep 2015, p.83]"
AllMusic,60,"Esteemed Cologne unit corrals a trans-global selection of the dancefloor's most revered. [Sep 2015, p.95]"

PopMatters,80,"Like Alexander's debut, this is one of one of Ghostly's highest-quality releases of the 2010s. There's no excess."
Pitchfork,80,"From the unidentifiable and minimalist object on the cover to the track titles referencing interior design and architecture, via the very makeup of each track, Body Complex feels like a journey through a space both public and internalised."
Resident Advisor,72,"His architectures still have an unreal sheen, but they're convincing enough to get lost in."
Sputnikmusic,69,"Fortunately, Body Complex never gets bogged down by ambient music's wallpaper associations. This isn't music for living rooms; it's music for living in."
Resident Advisor,60,"The techno seedlings that before poked through the soil sporadically now burst into full bloom. [Sep 2015, p.93]"

XLR8r,82,"This is machine music for a machine-ruled future made by someone who truly loves machines."
Exclaim,80,"With Homesick, Matrixxman has at last found a depth of exploration and expression that stands up to the ideas so visibly floating around the edges of his work."
PopMatters,80,"Theres no shortage of potential DJ weaponry on Homesick, but what makes the album truly impressive are the cuts where Matrixxman gets out of his presumed comfort zone and steps away from the club."
The Quietus,80,"The album offers a fresh perspective on minimal techno, keeping things energetic and more than a little bit apprehensive."
XLR8r,72,"Homesick is not quite a concept album, but there's a ghost of a narrative visible in the record's bookending tracks."
Exclaim,70,"It can arrest large scale arenas, and Matrixxman's Swiss Army Knife game is indisputable, though it's often used as a plot twist that's not necessarily relatable to the original story."
Mixmag,60,"Homesick is a rocky album with songs stretching too long for their same-sound focuses."

Resident Advisor,80,"The Orb's relentless, yet somehow unaggressive dance beats have a timeless quality that endures beyond any specific electronic trends, and its muse remains undamaged by time and space. [No. 122, p.59]"
AllMusic,80,"Moonbuilding 2703 AD proves that his space academy can still churn our excellent results. [Aug 2015, p.88]"
Uncut,80,"As with the album's first two cuts, it incorporates several movements, yet it's hip-hop much more than techno and never fades into the background like a fusty Mo' Wax scrap."
Mojo,80,"Moonbuilding 2703 AD, like many other Orb albums, is tailored for the close listener in all of us--not to pick up on the details themselves, but to witness the many details interacting with one another as they wash over you in a mental state of zero gravity. They did it again, those guys, and it will put you over the moon."
AllMusic,80,"Ultimately Moonbuilding 2703 BC is an immersive, imaginative journey into the unknown that, unfortunately, won't end up being the space travel concept album of the year. Public Service Broadcasting have already locked that down. Top marks for effort though."
The Quietus,80,"Moon Scapes 2703 BC has languid, spaced-out beats, clattering echoes and jungle tom-toms, but almost imperceptibly evolves into a mangled orchestral dub."
Resident Advisor,80,"It's an album heaving with ideas, but just coherent enough to stick together as one piece of work."
Pitchfork,80,"While the album is relatively low-key and meandering, thats arguably what we want from The Orb--and hence it might just be the one youve been waiting on from them for 20 years."
Mojo,78,"Each production here feels less like a 10-minute single than a condensed DJ set, and The Orb navigate these spaces with a fresh wind in their sails."
Resident Advisor,70,"The sound is typically dense but never overwrought with a wide sweep of styles and textures, The Orb being past masters at moulding a huge pool of raw material into a cohesive, listenable whole."
The Quietus,70,"Each [track] is assembled like an audio drama, starting with static noises and amusing spoken-word fragments before frequent musical plot changes. [Aug 2015, p.77]"
Spin,70,"On their latest full-length, the duo maintain their ambition, putting together four sonically challenging tracks that range between nine and 15 minutes in length."
AllMusic,70,"It's never quite a tour de force, but as a union of the Orb's heady roots with their spiritual ascendants' minimalist ethos, the album is a consistently satisfying groove machine, and a worthy entry to the upper ranks of the Orb canon."
Pitchfork,70,"The record is made up of four nine-minute-plus epics that waft into view, all dub basslines, ambient synth washes and well-chosen samples. The exception to such rambling--and standout moment--is the title track."
Clash Music,67,"Some moments on Moonbuilding show the Orb, if not regaining their form, then offering up decent ambient music. But elsewhere they revert back to a formlessness that's devoid of their quirky stoner persona."
PopMatters,60,"Though never matching the otherworldly brilliance of their first two albums, Moonbuilding 2703 AD does at least find these 50-something space cadets still aiming for the stars. [Aug 2015, p.111]"

Magnet,100,"LP (2015) is a short and sweet affirmation for the faithful."
Mojo,80,"LP might be Ren Schofield's shortest album as Container, but it's also the one that best captures the full elemental force of his music."
AllMusic,80,"There is no being taken on a conceptual journey, or losing yourself in these tracks. They overwhelm and punish your ears and synapses, disappearing before you get a chance to acclimatise yourself. Asymmetric guerrilla dancefloor bangers in effect."
PopMatters,80,"All of Container's recordings are amazing, but this one is his most concentrated burst of energy yet, and it cements his status as one of the most exciting and inventive artists in the underground American electronic music scene, as well as one of the most successful in merging noise with techno."
The Quietus,80,"On LP, Container shows his ability to create a complete barnburner of an album in the least flashy and showy manner possible."
The Guardian,75,"The moments where things sound like theyre spilling over, bleeding outside of the track's imaginary lines, are when LP is most thrilling."
Drowned In Sound,70,"LP builds a steamrolling production and piston-like percussion out of broken electronics and heaps of scrap metal."

Record Collector,80,"It may not be as groundbreaking as Klsch's debut album, but it still hits all the right notes. Fans will be chuffed to bits with this."
Resident Advisor,70,"The albums others [songs]--all of them, except for the title track and album opener, remarkably stick to five minutes--like the skittering, piston-punctuated Pacer, rise to the occasion of possibly even bigger stages."
Clash Music,70,"The album is all about comfort and steady, forward motion."
Uncut,65,"On an album of 13 tracks, it would have been nice to have a few that don't follow the same template. Still, there's no doubting Klsch's mastery of his chosen style."
Exclaim,60,"An over proliferation of fluffy beats and soaring strings may have you hankering for something tougher. [Jul 2015, p.91]"
Slant Magazine,60,"Denmark's Klsch repeats the trick of 2013's '1977', hanging on the coattails of the EDM set with a less extravagant set of fireworks but with plenty of instantly recognisable and effectively crafted signposts and set pieces."

New Musical Express (NME),70,"Think Africa 70 minus the choruses and sax solos. If that doesnt sound heretical to you, the groove awaits."
Pitchfork,63,"At its best moments, Sounding Lines drifts in an intriguingly ambiguous space where each member invokes the genres theyre best known for playing while bending generously to accommodate their partners."
Q Magazine,60,"There's the occasional hint of another, more vivid album.... Elsewhere they often seem all too separate, like combatants squaring off in a strange, airless room."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"The highlights, unsurprisingly, occur when Allen is allowed to exert more of his power, heard in the darting/jabbing third and twisting sixth tracks. Those two tracks are worth the wait."
Resident Advisor,40,"This trio are rarely an ecstatic proposition, preferring the slow burn to the white flame, but in truth there's little heat here at all. [Aug 2015, p.54]"

The Quietus,80,"This is 39 minutes of three musical visionaries spreading their wings and breaking down barriers. [Apr-May 2015, p.86]"
AllMusic,80,"The vibe is more often trippy and transcendental than indulgent, whereas even the most far-out moments fail to disguise Rundgrens pop nous, most evident in the synth rushes of Put Your Arms Around Me and the electrifying soloing that follows it."
Exclaim,70,"The programming is intermittently suitable for boogaloo, but the breaking sunshine in the melodies and Rundgren's singing deliver on the promise in titles like 'Liquid Joy in the Womb of Infinity' and 'Wave of Heavy Red (Disko-Nektar).'"
Pitchfork,70,"Runddans is 39 minutes of continuous music, most closely related tot he percolating grooves of Lindstrom's Where You Go I Go Too. [Jun 205, p.81]"
Spin,60,"Fans of Rundgrens more song-oriented LPs may balk at Runddans, but fans of experimental electronics will grok the vibe."
Mixmag,60,"Wildly uneven, sporadically awesome. [Jun 2015, p.92]"
Spin,60,"The input of all three musicians can be heard from front to back, through swirling layers of ever-shifting sounds and trance-inducing sequences that escalate, expansive and borderline theatrical, with shifts between light and heavy that occur gradually more often than abruptly."
AllMusic,54,"Runddans is an intriguing and sometimes fun experiment, but it's not quite a meeting of great musical minds."
Pitchfork,50,"While Rundanns has all the makings of a late-career triumph, its less a new watermark for Rundgrens sprawling discography than an analog to it: beautiful and baffling in equal measure, all over the map, and beholden to nothing but its own inexplicable logic."
Mojo,40,"Fans of psychedelic soirees ala early Syd Barrett-led Pink Floyd will likely find satisfaction. As for everyone else, well, suffice it to say, drugs of another sort may indeed be needed."

Clash Music,85,"The decision to reject seamless beatmatching has only enhanced the mix, and lets us look into the Actress's process in a different context."
Spin,80,"Relatively straightforward compared to the drastically misshapen makeup of 2014's Ghettoville."
Pitchfork,80,"As dense as it is bare, the aural fog and disorientation of alt-techno he has made his own across four albums has Actress throwing himself headfirst into a heap of wires and making sure every choice earns their right to the tracklist."
Resident Advisor,80,"Fortunately, the role of curator suits Cunningham's talents, and despite the choppy mixing and non-continuous programming, DJ-Kicks never feels as alienating and outright strange as some of his past mixes."
AllMusic,80,"Cunningham's DJ-Kicks exclusive 'Bird Matrix' probably won't fill a dance floor, but its moody detachment is, like the rest of the record, entrancing in its own right."
The Wire,70,"The transitions are typically brusque, though a few feel unsatisfying, creating drops in tension. [May 2015, p.58]"
Under The Radar,62,"Cunningham focuses primarily on selection for his hour-long jaunt through murky technoisms. All too often, though, technique and sequencing seem to have been banned from the booth."
The Guardian,60,"Its all pleasant enough, but it largely lacks the appeal of Actress own recordings."

Rolling Stone,80,"A successful exploration of dance music both subtle and sharp."
Uncut,70,"Some of the vocal numbers feel like cluttered indie-dance throwbacks, but they are outshone by pure electronic creations. [Apr 2015, p.80]"
Blurt Magazine,70,"Its strength is the number of differing styles it turns to largely satisfying effect, reasserting Mugwumps status as a producer who knows how to entertain and charm in equal measure. This satisfying, toe-twitching debut-of-sorts will only enhance those claims."
Mojo,56,"Beneath its stylish veneer, Unspell lacks substance."

AllMusic,91,"Its an exciting step forward for an artist who could easily have been content to hang back."
Resident Advisor,90,"It is as brilliant. What Faith in Strangers does do is confirm Stott's position as one of the most stirring and explorative producers going."
Pitchfork,90,"The most fully formed and wholly unique record in his discography."
PopMatters,84,"The intended arc from invitation toward aggression occssionally scans more as zigs and zags between a few distinct suites. Still, the separate moments are astounding, evidence of a musician who has managed to remain inquisitive even as hes established his signature."
XLR8r,83,"Not dance music in any traditional sense of the world, Faith In Strangers has injected itself into a crowded conversation on originality alone."
AllMusic,83,"Faith in Strangers is more than an album that comes to life. It details life from the inside out, focusing on each movements innards rather than its outer coat."
Clash Music,80,"His most intimate work to date. [Jan 2015, p.68]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"The repressive weight of the production creates a micro-climate that's compelling to move through. [Feb 2015, p.83]"
Exclaim,80,"There are no phony builds, no bass dropping, no obvious patterns. Faith in Strangers keeps listeners on their toes, and keeps their head nodding the whole time."
The Wire,80,"Faith in Strangers is long-form listening at its finest."
Resident Advisor,80,"Faith in Strangers is pretty outstanding, an eclectic, innovative, and cohesive addition to the ambient canon. Yet for all their bold gestures, most of its tracks remain beholden to the genres tradition of layered open-endedness."
PopMatters,80,"Thats maybe whats so remarkable about Faith in Strangers, its uneasy balance between beauty and menace, calm and roiling intensity."
AllMusic,80,"Faith In Strangers amplifies human interaction with the elements and the fractured nature of our relationship with them; this might not be the most joyful depiction, but it has been impeccably well documented here."
Uncut,80,"On his new record, Faith in Strangers, the details are different but the achievement is similar."
musicOMH.com,80,"Despite a radical switch from digital to analog gear, the album is as bleak and as bracing as Luxury Problems."
Resident Advisor,80,"[Stott's] sound is so much more finely honed, well defined, better executed, yet left frayed around all the right edges."
The A.V. Club,80,"The album is another leap forward for the producer, refining his sense of songcraft and expanding his instrumental palette without sanding down his rough edges in the slightest. Faith doubles down on the industrial brutality of Problems, while also balancing that with a sense of hope and comfort rarely heard from Stott previously."
Exclaim,75,"It remains as disquieting and spectral as anything Stott has done, but its newfound guile is such that it no longer needs to bludgeon listeners into submission to strike a killer blow."
Resident Advisor,70,"It certainly makes for a more expansive work, but loses some of the immediacy that defined Stotts music as recently as on Drop the Vowels."
Pitchfork,60,"Andy Stott cooks down the abstract beauty of his 2012 LP Luxury Problems to a new minimalism."

Pretty Much Amazing,80,"Natural Selection is a triumph of style and content. [Jan 2015, p.120]"
Consequence of Sound,80,"Dark, beautiful, and deft, Natural Selection should only be played at night, but it should be played on most nights, and maybe on some rainy, especially hazy afternoons."
The Wire,70,"Solid if unspectacular then, yet youll find that, much like when in high school, its always worth checking out the Art Department."
Uncut,60,"When they let their experimental impulses coexist with their pop instincts, the results are strong enough to overshadow the occasional misstep."
RapReviews.com,50,"While there is nothing here to relegate Art Department to the role of also-rans, there is nothing to get wholly excited about either, as the music consistently retreats towards the background."
Paste Magazine,40,"Where their first album felt like a definitive statement, Natural Selection sounds, as so many second albums do, like a diffuse bunch of half-realised ideas."

PopMatters,90,"Fragile yet utterly destructive, this wolf in sheeps clothing will hurl you five ways and leave you hovering over a bleak abyss. In a great way, obviously."
Blurt Magazine,90,"This really does come very close to the top of the pile. An essential opus from a truly essential artist."
Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"Clark is anomalous but deeply rewarding. It's the type of release you could easily live inside for weeks and still find interesting nooks every single day."
The New York Times,85,"The LP's white-hot bursts of energy are all the more thrilling for their scarcity, and as such, these moments linger in the memory as a sort of post-euphoric haze."
AllMusic,83,"Whats always set Clark apart is his eclecticism, dynamism, and flair for the dramatic, all of which is on fine display here. His tracks dont drop as much as they slip or swerve, forever off-balance."
The Quietus,80,"Its an album that plays as an album, not a D.J. set."
Spin,80,"Its chilling industrial soundscapes are all-consuming, painting a vivid, metallic portrait of a robot dystopia, sounding simultaneously futuristic and retrospective."
XLR8r,80,"[The term techno] seems inadequate for the magnificent noise emanating from Clark. [Dec 2014, p.96]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"As the album advances, you get the sense that Clark is finally accomplishing what he claims to have been doing all along: making a techno record."
Rolling Stone,80,"Clark is an album of unsettling beauty and exceptional skill."
Q Magazine,80,"Clark unleashes an uncompromising downpour of ideas collapsed between eroded rebar and concrete."
AllMusic,80,"The smaller Guggenheim portion, served up in smaller doses, decreases the tension only slightly on Clark's most exhilarating work yet."
Clash Music,70,"An elegant, sculpted electronica that's cerebral of construction but robust enough to beat a dance floor into life. [Jan 2015, p.69]"
NOW Magazine,70,"Even when Clark is firing sounds at bewildering speeds, it's never a chore--in other words, it's a lot more fun than Clark's reputation might suggest."
musicOMH.com,70,"The results as diverse as one would expect from such a multi-faceted pairing: chaotic, withdrawn, subtle, bombastic, promising and ominous all at the same time."

Resident Advisor,80,"The new sound stands up straight as the original iteration, but is backed by the depth of his previous work."
Clash Music,70,"Its a record that, despite all of its differing hues, manages to come across as a unified mosaic of sound."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Amid all this diversity, Abaporu is a remarkably steady work, with Boratto's consistent sound palette and knack for melody running strong throughout."
Exclaim,60,"Taken as a whole, Abaporu isn't a bad LP, and for fans of classic Kompakt records by the Modernist, SCSI-9, or even The Field, the album might be exactly what they're looking for. More adventurous listeners, however, are advised to look elsewhere."
XLR8r,60,"Like much of Boratto's previous work, it's all superbly crafted but not much of it leaves a lasting impression."
Pitchfork,60,"At 13 tracks and close to 70 minutes in length, Abaporu just contains too many (albeit many terrific) ideas and stylistic flourishes to properly cohere as a singular work."

The New York Times,100,"A startlingly accessible, possibly even pop-friendly effort. [3 Oct 2014, p.69]"
Under The Radar,100,"A standout record in an already peerless discography."
Mojo,100,"Syro sees a master craftsman return with renewed inspiration. And while it might not technically be James' most innovative album, it way well be his best: his most complete and engaging under the guise of Aphex Twin."
Dusted Magazine,100,"It has none of the deliberate pratfalls or raspberries hes prone to. Rather, its entirely welcoming."
The Quietus,95,"Were going to be talking about this album for years to come."
PopMatters,91,"Richard D. James has successfully crafted one of the most stunning records of his career, and he did so by exercising a deft amount of self-control."
AllMusic,91,"Even if Syro isnt a radical departure, its still a swaggering return, a reminder of just how many varieties of warped sound remain at James command--and just how few of his acolytes can touch that versatility."
Uncut,90,"It isn't perfect, its sheer restlessness prevents it from being so, but it will undoubtedly come to be remembered as another masterpiece from possibly the greatest electronic composer to walk the earth."
Resident Advisor,90,"While there's nothing as pop as 'Windowlicker' here, it's still thrilling to hear him romp deliriously through all manner of styles in the key of Apex for the bulk of these dozen tracks. [Nov 2014, p.71]"
musicOMH.com,90,"There is craftsmanship here, but its genius lies in letting the raw quality of his sound speak first rather than arranging it into something new."
The 405,90,"He wants to continue to be happy the way he is and that contentment is helping him to produce some of his finest work. For a musician, that's truly unique."
PopMatters,90,"Richard D. James is back, and hes still absolutely untouchable."
Resident Advisor,90,"Syro is amazing: bug-eyed, banging rave that sounds quintessentially Aphex while not quite sounding like anything hes done before."
XLR8r,88,"The artist has presented an utterly human, mostly nonverbal defense of his aesthetic: atmospheric, occasionally funky and meandering instrumental electronic tones, lovingly crafted, with imaginative internal logics."
AllMusic,87,"Syro contains some of his most tactile music; its a headphone record par excellence, an hour-long feast for the ears."
Exclaim,83,"James has primed the Aphex Twin for its next metamorphosis--one that has promised to be more combustible than the beats that ground SYRO."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Syro feels like a perfected memory of 80s music. [Oct 2014, p.54]"
Resident Advisor,80,"Syro is an album that instantly connects. [Nov 2014, p.109]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"Imagine a mirror which distorts not just the reflection, but reality itself, and you have a fair idea of the stunning legacy to which Syro triumphantly belongs."
Mixmag,80,"James is still at the reigns, and Syro is proof that he is still very much the king of his own tangled domain."
Paste Magazine,80,"Syro stands as a quiet achievement, an un-fussy, humbling, and excellent release."
Pretty Much Amazing,80,"The skittering electro-jazz rhythms, classical melodic complexity and mind-bending liquid acid funk are so unique that the closest comparisons you can make are to other Aphex Twin albums."
The A.V. Club,80,"Its a breathless record, one that threatens to last an eternity--such is the speed and dazzling depth at which James expresses himself."
No Ripcord,80,"Syro is hardly alienating. On the contrary, it is by turns raw, intricate, and intimate."
Uncut,80,"Whilst it is true that Aphex Twins delicate and more minimalist side is neglected on Syro, save for the piano kiss-off of aisatsana (102), there are plenty of signs of James maturing and developing as an artist."
Exclaim,80,"At times, the whirl of ideas threatens to spin out of control, but more often, as on CIRCLONT6A, they cohere thrillingly. A welcome return."
The 405,80,"Admittedly, Syro will probably not win over a new generation of fans like the Richard D. James album once did, but as a continuation of everything that has made Aphex Twin compelling, it's a triumph."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"Graying snobs once called this 'intelligent dance music.' Even now, few do it better."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Low on frenetics, Syro is anchored by rotund and agile basslines that zip and glide, and it's decked in accents and melodies that are lively even at their most distressed."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Overall, its a collection primarily concerned with the somatic rather than cerebral sides of Richard Jamess music, overdosing somewhat on staccato, bouncing synth twangs and jittery drumnbass beats."
Pitchfork,80,"By sounding simply like a series of Aphex Twin tracks, Syro is still utterly engrossing and remains, somewhat unbelievably, on a completely different planet to almost anything else thats been released over the last decade and a half."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Its an effortless comeback, then, that almost plays like a greatest hits set."
The Wire,75,"Syro is surprisingly listenable without drawing much attention to itself. [No. 115, p.52]"
Q Magazine,67,"Syro pales next to Richard D. James' groundbreaking best, compared to the plurality of drivel penned as EDM, it'll more than suffice for another decade or until Aphex's next fix comes along. A grower not a show-er."
Slant Magazine,60,"While many moments on the new LP are arguably musically as good as much of his back catalogue,  it no longer has the same visceral, evolutionary energy of something truly new. [Dec 2014, p.88]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"What is missing is that impish, dangerous side, the famous contorted grin and all that it suggests: humour and horror, surprise and confrontation. [Nov 2014, p.89]"

Sputnikmusic,90,"The active present Human Voice takes advantage of each of Dntel's original promises. [No. 114, p.54]"
NOW Magazine,80,"Human Voice represents an artist's drive to push his work forward, but also retains the signature relationship with melody and emotional presentation that have always set Dntel apart from the rest."
DIY Magazine,70,"Tamborellos mutated electronics and instinctive composition is on full display on Human Voice, so even if its a little modest, interested listeners are sure to be touched by something on the record; for a genre so often criticized as cold and detached, thats worth celebrating all on its own."
PopMatters,68,"Human Voice gently nudges him back into the spotlight to speak his mind alone, and even if his voice isn't the most exciting and innovative one in today's electronic music landscape, it is unmistakably his own."

musicOMH.com,90,"Now, in 2014, Vessel has given us one of the year's best electronic music albums, and it's hardly electronic."
The Observer (UK),90,"Its broodingly mechanic, and yet harrowingly human; its truly Bristolian, and neither futuristic nor nostalgic; its simply and unignorably now."
XLR8r,80,"Punish, Honey is also a diverse and sonically surprising work, infectiously odd and encouragingly bold. [Oct 2014, p.63]"
Rolling Stone,80,"Though you might struggle to dance to it, Punish, Honey is an unexpectedly saucy missive from the serious electronic underground. [Nov 2014, p.119]"
AllMusic,80,"Punish, Honey intrigues, but its the prospect of where Seb Gainsborough goes next thats really fascinating."
The Independent (UK),80,"Utilising his own crude, handmade instrumentation to full effect, Punish, Honey sees Vessel firmly digging heels further into his own brutally rewarding corner of noise."
The Guardian,80,"The results are truly thrilling, mechanized dance for a post-industrial age."
Clash Music,80,"On Punish, Honey, Gainsborough has stepped up his sound design, but he's done so with a newly brutal approach. One hopes that he hasn't entirely abandoned his earlier, more atmospheric sound, but as career turning points and transformations go, this album is an accomplished one."
Magnet,80,"It all makes for riveting listening for anyone willing to let Vessel punish--and reward--their ears."
Austin Chronicle,80,"The compositions here are solid, but it's sonically where Vessel holds his own. In that regard, Punish, Honey is close to perfection."
Under The Radar,75,"Punish, Honey moves forward powered by the tension between what it keeps hidden and what little it shows."
Mojo,73,"Unquestionably, Gainsborough's sonic ingenuity continues to be his greatest asset; his growth as an artist hinges on accepting that others can't always enjoy his noise as much as he does."
Magnet,60,"Vessel's ambition has exceeded his abilities. By trading in his synth for sheet metal he has lost out on what caused people to stand up and take notice."
AllMusic,60,"Gainsborough seems to be testing not only what his crude instrumentation can withstand, but also his listeners. For all the physical exertion though, the album sounds surprisingly sexless and apathetic at times."

PopMatters,83,"The resulting sound pieces are still intricately weird and weirdly intricate, and if Anchor sacrifices some of the hushed intimacy of a Books record (see: Zammutos self-consciously rock delivery on IO or the raw and lurching snare sound on the great Sinker), it retains the promise that anything, and any sound, is momentarily possible within these musical boundaries."
Pitchfork,82,"Anchor proves to be just as the name suggests, a collection to cement Zammutos place in musics past, present and future."
Resident Advisor,80,"One of the most exhilarating and creative albums of the year thus far. [Sep/Oct 2014, p.107]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"Every move on the album is intentional and nothing is unchartered territory for Zammuto."
The Wire,80,"Fans of Nick's previous work should feel right at home; it's livelier and more overtly catchy than anything in his catalogue, but at its core, much of Anchor is a refinement of the things he's done well in the past."
Q Magazine,80,"Where the self-titled record felt like a vivid explosion of feelings, sounds, and ideas in line with the end of a summer full of motion and conflict, Anchor sounds grounded and wintery, a little older and making the space to look before it leaps."
Fact Magazine (UK),70,"Although Anchor feels lacking at times in terms of experimentation and exploration, its affirming energy and confidence never come off as suppressed, and it is through this lens that its true ambitions are revealed: play like youll never leave this place."
Clash Music,51,"Even though Anchor is a truly disappointing work from such an inventive mind, its not enough to suggest that hes reached the point of creative bankruptcy."

Dusted Magazine,80,"The album's middle third is exceptional, where Moir's output once again draws from Parrish, Lawrence, and also Moodymann with raw, almost jacking beats, sustained high-pitch strings (either sampled or synthetic), and entrancing, downcast melodies."
XLR8r,80,"By and large, though, Moir counters spontaneity with poise."
AllMusic,76,"Dialing down his avant tendencies has given Moir a fresh perspective and helped tame his music, for better or worse."
Exclaim,70,"Where the album works best is in the loose, mesmerising fluency of tracks where such odd structures loses its slight air of gimmickry. [Sep 2014, p.64]"
Consequence of Sound,70,"Shelter is a haven that tugs you out of your comfort zone."
Pitchfork,70,"Shelter has plenty of moments of understated genius, and its fun to watch a producer find what works for him or her as their game just begins."
The 405,60,"There's a near-perfect EP buried in here somewhere, and an inventive musical personality waiting to burst out, but Moir's debut album does a better job of showcasing his potential than realizing it."

The Quietus,100,"Its an altogether different beast: a gigantic, wondrous thing to get lost in."
Consequence of Sound,80,"EX is a contemporary masterpiece. [Sep 2014, p.88]"
Paste Magazine,80,"The sounds are by turns troubled, angry, isolated, and wonder-struck in ways that only Hawtin can sound, and Ex adds another mysterious chapter to the Plastikman story."
Under The Radar,80,"Using a finite set of equipment to create these seven tracks, much of EX comes off strikingly similar in sound, but Hawtin being the staunch veteran that he is, uses it to his advantage, reusing and appropriating signature tones and modes to craft the most solid live set you weren't lucky enough to attend."
CMJ,80,"EX is a proper album of all-new material--composed specifically for that iconic space--and features some of the best work of his career."
The Quietus,70,"Ex is full of Hawtin's old sleek menace and disdain for obvious peaks, though the sound design is fractionally lusher than that of brutalist texts like Musik (1194). [Sep 2014, p.75]"
AllMusic,70,"EX is flawed yet enjoyable. [Aug 2014, p.56]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,65,"Its better to conceive of Ex holistically, rather than as seven individual tracksin part because the album's distinct parts tend to blend into one another, with little to differentiate them."
Pitchfork,60,"Ironically, listening to most of EX feels like watching a film with the sound turned off."
AllMusic,60,"The first new Plastikman material in over ten years was always going to carry some high expectations, and as solid as it is, this one doesn't quite match up."
Fact Magazine (UK),50,"EX will neither enliven classicists nor win new fans. We need challenged by this artist, who normally thrives on doing exactly that."
Pitchfork,50,"Recorded just a few days prior to the Guggenheim performance, the textures that continue to develop during repeat listens of EX hint at a producer with minimal analog dreams flooding his brain."
The Wire,40,"EX is not awful, but its certainly not good either."

Clash Music,80,"The Phoenix shouldn't shock those who know the producer's past."
musicOMH.com,80,"This album is not afraid of discord or rhythmic slippage, but it's delivered with an assurance that his experience and discography allows. [Jun 2014, p.51]"
Resident Advisor,80,"Even given the sheer wealth of variety and detail Fhloston Paradigm crams in, its never lofty or inaccessible; instead, it both upholds an electronic music convention even as it carves its own singular niche."
Mixmag,80,"Whether it's 'Tension Remains'' collision of religious chorale and space-age pulse or the jazz-soul cyberpunk of 'Never Defeated', the result is always original."
Mojo,75,"It could be argued that you need to put in some effort yourself to fully enjoy music like this that demands activity from your brain, but with a catalyst like The Phoenix, all you need to do is listen and let your mind wander into a galaxy far, far away."
AllMusic,67,"A well-polished album that sometimes feels perplexingly one-dimensional."
Exclaim,60,"The Phoenix is, ultimately, a collection of immersive and impressively well-produced analogue techno tracks, bound up in a package with overt cultural references that tend to distract rather than add to the experience."
NOW Magazine,60,"If The Phoenix is that feature film we were waiting for, it could stand an edit or two."

Uncut,100,"Its easy to pick out highlights, but every single one delivers something different and equally fantastic."
The Wire,80,"An album of rich, intricate grooves that use house and techno merely as a jump-off point. [Jul 2014, p.94]"
Pitchfork,80,"Martyn is very good at what he does: the record radiates maturity, technical chops and a cool, sometimes poignant emotionality. [Jun 2014, p.62]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"Despite nods to jazzy glitch and ambient glide, most of these beautifully crafted tracks are united by supple but solid 4/4 rhythms. [Aug 2014, p.75]"
Resident Advisor,80,"Playing like a combination of its two predecessors that vividly incorporates the production expertise Martyn has accumulated over his decade-long career, The Air Between Words may be short on surprises, but it is rich in finesse and detail."
Clash Music,80,"This third LP is jumpy and beat-driven and banishes the memory of the dubstep scene he emerged from."
Consequence of Sound,80,"On The Air Between Words, Martyn comes off tranquil, playful and completely in control of his own kaleidoscopic world."
Fact Magazine (UK),80,"This album's depth and excellence--only the tedious 'Like That' falls short--suggest that Deykers should consider going all analog all the time."
AllMusic,80,"Martyn manages to strip through countless layers, to absorb numberless ideas without losing sight of his own identity. A fine return."
The Wire,70,"The glue holding Martyns third LP together is his immaculately-produced tone rather than succinct emotional movement through the album. The individual tracks dont suffer from it, but it makes sitting down and listening all the way through The Air Between Words a less attractive prospect than doing the same for Immunity. That being said, theres plenty to take away from Martyns third LP."
Fact Magazine (UK),70,"The lack of cohesion is not a criticism per se, but rather a recognition that The Air Between Words is not really an album in the classical sense, as its parts are greater than its sum."
New Musical Express (NME),66,"A solid, conventional effort by an artist who once seemed so vital."
The Line of Best Fit,60,"Its all genre-splicing and too little genre-defining, and I cant help but think that Martyn, with both his musical knowledge and his production chops, is capable of something better."
Pitchfork,50,"Martyn has an incredible musical heritage and series of works in his past, and its a shame that The Air Between Words simply is not as interesting nor as rewarding."
Tiny Mix Tapes,50,"A collection of big, bouncy and immaculately produced club tunes, it brings together some fine productions. But it's also a tough record to love."

Resident Advisor,85,"The sheer variety of genres in this remix collection is just one indication of the breadth of influence that N.O.W has exerted over the past two decades."
Mixmag,80,"All of it fits together surprisingly well here--a satisfying, if imperfect, sampling."
Mojo,75,"What's interesting to note is, with instrumentation technology improvement, Evelyn appears content to capture analogue warmth. [No. 111, p.57]"
The Wire,70,"Basically, each successive Nightmares on Wax album has featured new music made from the same basic ingredients. But, as N.O.W. Is the Time proves, those ingredients usually add up to a flavorful, highly-enjoyable, quite possibly pot-laced brownie."
Uncut,60,"The cream of their output is undeniable--the Air-like stringed beauty of Les Nuits, gut-wobbling soul wailer I Am You and early singles Dextrous and Aftermath--but theres an awful lot of so-so wallpaper here, especially for a Best Of."

The Quietus,80,"The pleasures of Reachy Prints are deceptively complicated, and it's another masterclass in how lightness needn't be thin or naive. [May 2014, p.72]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Tracks such as Hawkmoth and OH pull the listener in with their dreamy harmonies, typifying a style that has infused contemporary pop and R&B, and influenced producers including Hit-Boy and Clams Casino."
Exclaim,80,"Reachy Prints is quite something, and it makes you glad to be alive and kicking so you can enjoy the paintings in sound that this duo so deftly accomplishes."
AllMusic,80,"There are new tricks in these old dogs yet."
Clash Music,80,"It's to their credit that Plaid aren't preoccupied with being cutting-edge on Reachy Prints. Instead, they bring the playful, brainy spirit of their best work over the years into the 21st century with lively results."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"Reachy Prints is yet another artful and aerial treasure."
Drowned In Sound,70,"The technology has evolved, but the Plaid Aesthetic remains constant. [Jul 2014, p.78]"
Pitchfork,64,"Reachy Prints is yet another tedious exercise in modern IDM attempting to stay relevant, and failing to do a very good job of convincing us listeners that it is."
Fact Magazine (UK),60,"The significance of their sonic puzzles can remain frustratingly out of reach. [Jul 2014, p.114]"
musicOMH.com,60,"As an experimental electronic album, Reachy Prints comes off as milquetoast. As a pop album, though, it sparkles."
Resident Advisor,60,"On paper this is a solid album, and Plaid have pushed all the right buttons, but they've pushed those same buttons many times before."
The Line of Best Fit,50,"Ultimately, Reachy Prints is a bravura performance that lacks bite."

AllMusic,90,"An entirely ravishing aesthetic experience. [Jun 2014, p.76]"
Magnet,90,"The loving layers of static, submerged guitar progressions, and effortless meshes of naturalistic themes and glitchy processing all play into a language of sound distinct to Fennesz and reaching some of their clearest articulations here."
PopMatters,90,"With Bcs, Fennesz achieves the near-impossible, crafting a musical sequel that retains the energy, vision and flow of its predecessor."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"The soundtrack to blissful bucolic afternoons threatened by the black clouds of the coming apocalypse. [Jul 2014, p.95]"
The Wire,80,"Becs is something of a return, then, but equally it demonstrates that the guitarist's approach to pop composition has developed considerably over the past 13 years. [May 2014, p.83]"
The Guardian,80,"It captivates and betrays the listener who, unaware of the deceitful plan, falls victim of the most heinous crime in art: representation through deconstruction."
PopMatters,80,"Musically, it's painfully simple; sonically, it's painfully complex."
musicOMH.com,80,"Bcs is seldom unapproachable; its also his style to leave just enough beauty poking through the seams."
AllMusic,80,"At points, listening to Becs is to hear gauze become gossamer, and feel it too."
Clash Music,78,"The relative warmth and light here gives the music a nostalgic cast, which was at the heart of what made Endless Summer so memorable, but Bcs also possesses an added layer that doesnt necessarily work in its favor. Fennesz once illuminated the beauty of a digitally scrambled memory, but Bcs is a memory of a digitally scrambled memory."
Uncut,76,"There aren't many artists who can deconstruct and rebuild such interesting tracks equally based on both disturbing and exquisite soundscapes, yet Fennesz continues his winning streak."

Sputnikmusic,80,"Opener Miami Theme sets the tone, Erika Janungers voice floating over brooding piano chords, like a Lynchian club scene."
Q Magazine,70,"BBF's effort may not be anything ground breaking, but if you're looking for a solid mix to vibe out to, this could be just the ticket."
Pitchfork,70,"Much like the trio's studio work, the set has a unique touch that seems happenstance and carefully plotted all at once."
Exclaim,70,"As with most DJ-Kicks comps, this one shows a different side to the group and is as much of an homage as it is a glimpse into the trio's future."
Resident Advisor,60,"Brandt Brauer Frick's contribution to the series, while not a classic, is still a little treasure trove."
Uncut,60,"For their DJ-Kicks mix, Brand Brauer Frick continues the trios pursuit of the human element, which is often lacking in electronic music and digitally assembled computer mixes, by recording their entire set live on vinyl during a daytime session at the Berlin club Watergate. This particular approach is immediately evident through a warmer-EQed sound of some recognizable pieces and a few less-than-surgically-perfect track transitions."

AllMusic,80,"While the record as a whole rewards revisit, the excitement concerning its many idiosyncrasies inevitably levels off. And yet, that initial pang of shock never fully subsides."
Exclaim,80,"It ensnares the listening consciousness, simultaneously revealing the trap and pacifying the listener."
Mojo,80,"Working in long phases of slow development, Death After Life manages to pull energy from the darker corners of several splintered fields of techno to craft a strange and menacing hybrid that reaches dizzying places of both ugliness and resolution on almost every track."
The Wire,80,"The eight-part suite greatly expands on Thug Entrancer's previous efforts, yet still finds the producer relying solely on analog synthesizers and drum machines"
PopMatters,76,"Death After Life gets a little cute here and there (cf. the extended roboseizure freakout outro to 'III'), and it starts to lose a little steam near the end, when the downtempo digression of 'VI' and the hopped-up yet unsurprising 'VII' roll towards the official conclusion."
The Quietus,75,"Ultimately, only time will tell, but as things stand now, his Death After Life LP is unquestionably a strong and inventive first full-length."
Fact Magazine (UK),75,"Its music that shakes you to your core, and even if youre left frosty-hearted afterwards, youll be under the spell."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Death After Life is so seamless and consistent that it might grow tedious for less patient listeners."
Pitchfork,60,"Taken individually, the album is full of moments of tiny decadence, and though it never really coheres as a whole, theres a sense of being taken aback by this album."

Sputnikmusic,80,"Psutka's production on A/B Till Infinity is evocative and daring, and combines a future-oriented polish with an austere sense of simplicity, solidifying Egyptrixx's distinctiveness amongst a new crop of surface-obsessed underground producers."
Mixmag,80,"Think of A/B Til Infinity as a more mysterious version of the project's 2011 LP Bible Eyes, and all the meticulous production, overall album flow, and attractive song structure rules still apply, but this one can be parted out much easier, offering up about four 12's worth of late-night dancefloor intoxication that are still rich enough tracks to hold up for headphone listening."
The 405,78,"There is a sense of limbs and lungs stretching, followed by the triumphant punch through to a higher plane."
AllMusic,70,"It's a record more about sound design and structure, an abstract deconstruction of Night Slugs' sleek chrome aesthetic."
Exclaim,70,"Though precise and at times cold and glassy, the album is by no means a minimalist evocation of a future world of urban decay."

Resident Advisor,90,"In bold terms, this is quite possibly the commercial mix of the year."
PopMatters,80,"It isn't just a celebration of the warm-up DJ; it's a self-portrait of an artist who wouldn't be who he is today without once having had all those empty rooms to fill."
The Quietus,80,"It might not be enough to breathe new life into DJ-KiCKS but hes created a new blueprint for every other curator to follow. This is brilliant, and mix number 47 has got some way to go to match it."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Talabot's DJ-Kicks proves to be an essential listen, not only because it is an immaculate mix in its own right--one which moves swiftly through a graceful arc--but also because there is just so much vital music to take in over the course of its 70-plus minutes."
AllMusic,79,"John Talabot's DJ-Kicks entry isn't the flashiest mix you'll encounter this year, and there's plenty of room for debate as to whether it ranks in the upper echelon of the series' many installments."
Exclaim,70,"While the majority of tracks involved sound more suitable for a late night study session than a singles soire, like all good DJ-Kicks compilations, this one succeeds by enlightening listeners, not just seducing them to the dance floor."
Pitchfork,60,"Those who enjoyed the wooziness of Talabot's 2012 studio album IN should find much to enjoy here."

XLR8r,90,"Khncke walks the thin line between pop and kitsch and remains focussed throughout Justus Khncke & The Wonderful Frequency Band, which is his finest yet, and one of the best of 2013. Fernweh techno of the highest order."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"Get ready for shimmering, disco-dipped house and digital soul, long German titles and impish unconventionality."
Resident Advisor,70,"Kohncke hasn't yet managed to pull off a completely successful, consistently great album. Wonderful Frequency Band is the closest he's come, terrible punning aside, largely due to its focus on the dancefloor. [Feb 2014, p.77]"
PopMatters,70,"The quirky and antiquey title track is nothing but a cute lark and comes off as a bit trite in such purposeful surroundings. Think of it as a slight misstep or comedic interlude, but otherwise, this is engaging sweet techno with a smile, carefully crafted and yet seemingly carefree."
XLR8r,70,"Although Khncke may have released stronger singles in the past, Justus Khncke & the Wonderful Frequency Band stands as his most all-around complete full-length to date."
AllMusic,65,"Even at its best, TWFB is mostly just a well-crafted collection of genre exercises; a few too many tracks, like the motorik double whammy of Das Selbstgesprch and Idee, Prozess, Ergebnis and the ironically-titled A New Direction, are standard-issue deep cuts that offer little in the way of surprise."
Pitchfork,50,"You'll have to cherry-pick the best moments from Wonderful Frequency Band, but that's Justus Khncke. He may bemuse you, but you can never write him off."
Resident Advisor,50,"Unfortunately, whichever way you try and dress it up, frippery and kitsch alone isnt enough to carry this album."

Exclaim,80,"The Pyrrhic pleasures of their Confield-era tracks00all those advanced-topology rhythmic angles--remain in the first half of 'tac Lacora,' sharpened by being somewhat tamed, pushed into the pulsing exhilaration of the second half. [Nov 2013, p.65]"
Resident Advisor,80,"The EP is an exhausting listen, one that offers an experience of immersion, not itemization. Autechre hasn't lost a step, and this EP is certainly memorable."
Spin,80,"Much of it is among Autechre's most direct, least complex output, yet it's no less fascinating than any of their intricate material."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"As with Exai, no major new ground is broken here, but when the landscape is this vast, fascinating and intractably alien, there's no need."
XLR8r,70,"Autechre present a uniquely realistic vision of our present-future: always problematic, limited by human nature and other complications, yet driven forward by incredible optimism, perpetually fixing itself and, adapting to new contexts, engaged in a constant state of becoming."
Pitchfork,64,"L-event isnt a world away from the Exai material. It's not passive listening."
Exclaim,40,"The thing with the L-event EP is that across four tracks, there isn't the room afforded on their best LPs for something resembling accessibility. [Nov-Dec 2013, p.100]"

AllMusic,80,"The LP's 11 tracks play like a string of variations on two or three ideas, but most of Murray's and Smith's experimenting is strong enough that Syndrome Syndrome sounds more like a collection of singles written by a veteran outfit dedicated to perfecting one beloved sound."
The Quietus,80,"When the whole thing drops back to its kickdrum-hi-hat backbone in the closing minute, its as stringent, and as satisfying, as any techno moment of recent times."
Mixmag,80,"They might be skeletal and drained of colour, but their tracks have an unpredictable, wandering spirit that makes them far more than listless jamming."
Uncut,70,"At times their desire to wrongfoot the listener  can seem deliberately perverse, but when they properly collapse down a wormhole, as they do on second-half highlights 'Magicville' and 'Success In Circuit,' the results are terrifically psychedelic. [Jan 2014, p.72]"
AllMusic,70,"A better way to appreciate the record isnt in one beefy sitting, but rather in bitesize portions. Devour it slowly and youll be able to savour its flavour."
Exclaim,63,"Syndrome Syndrome offers some rewards, but it may have been a fraction too soon for them to make their first move."

Pitchfork,90,"It's safe to call Outside CFCF's magnum opus; it's an immaculate zenith that represents every brave, leftfield musical choice this young musician has made up until this point."
Resident Advisor,80,"Its music delivered with an understated, glacial splendour. [Jan 2014, p.97]"
Fact Magazine (UK),80,"Its well worth the journey."
The Wire,70,"Silvers a markedly better songwriter on Outside than on Continent, more adept pacing and structure, more keen on crafting variegated moods and atmospheres. But Continents strength was its insistent hip-hop thump, which is largely lacking on Outside."
XLR8r,67,"While the rest of Outside may not deliver in such a manner [as A Forest at Night], it still showcases one of North Americas more unique and talented producers on his own terms."
AllMusic,67,"The shadows its shape casts may not always create flattering silhouettes, but there's both comfort and anticipation to be found in knowing that Silver's constantly tweaking the lighting."
Resident Advisor,60,"It's all very melancholy and mysterious, as you'd imagine, but the production has a pleasingly seductive, 12st-century sheen. [Dec 2013, p.103]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Ambient ebb and flow aside, vocals and synth/guitar motifs show Outside as a pp record, while a darkly urgent cover of Bonnie 'Prince' Billy's 'Strange Form Of Life' provides unexpected topspin. [Nov 2013, p.67]"
Pitchfork,60,"Unfortunately, without much to grasp onto in terms of tunes, hooks or discernible lyrics CFCF can slink away into the territory of background music, albeit prettily and inoffensively."
Uncut,60,"Ultimately, Outside's exercises in nostalgia are pretty, smooth, and inoffensive, but not nearly as interesting as CFCF's debut album or the EPs that followed it."
XLR8r,60,"Silver may believe in the changeless beauty of his art, but he doesnt quite succeed in convincing the rest of us."
Fact Magazine (UK),60,"It's a well-assembled album, and the steady trance-like flow of 'The Forest At Night', and the eiderdown of sound on 'Transcend' are absorbing."
Resident Advisor,40,"Its tranquil, amiable and very familiar."
Uncut,40,"Some may find something deep and spiritual amongst the cuts on Outside, but it just makes this reviewer want to stay indoors."
musicOMH.com,40,"Outside sounds exactly like the repetitive spinning wheels on a bus (going round and round) and causes you to become restless and slightly angry of its lack of forward movement."

Pitchfork,87,"Cupid's Head is a dark, exquisitely detailed album that rewards patience and further cements the Field's reputation as one of modern electronic music's most satisfying auteurs."
Exclaim,85,"What is truly special here is that Willner has made an album that will acclimatise itself to your surroundings."
Mojo,83,"More than ever, Willners own soul is put on display through his repurposing of sound, and what results is both synthetic and organic, both detailed and blurry, further cementing The Fields reputation in the electronic ether."
PopMatters,80,"The Fields etheric sound continues to soothe, anesthetize and drown. Like a headcleaner for muddled thoughts and scrambled state of mind, his music somehow launders all thats crumbled, stiff and foul."
Dusted Magazine,80,"A deceptively simple soundworld of banal electronic tropes that gradually pulls you into blissful wormhole depths. [Nov 2013, p.94]"
Pretty Much Amazing,80,"With each track developing at an imperceptible pace, this is subtle but irresistibly compelling. [Nov 2013, p.69]"
Pitchfork,80,"Even through all the morass, a vague optimism seems to always seep through; he plays with our senses, waiting for that final act to pull a disappearing act that can leave one utterly spellbound."
Q Magazine,80,"A sentimental, succinct collection of independent tracks, all of which are raw, honest, and scrumptiously concocted."
Uncut,80,"At times, it seems like his most interestingly textured and complicated release to date."
musicOMH.com,80,"The occasional deployment of distortion maybe hints at a lingering anger or resentment, whilst the presence of detached, ghostly human voices shows Willner is a master controller of his musics constituent elements."
AllMusic,80,"On Cupid's Head, the Field demonstrates his expert ability to move forward with his craft while still retaining his signature voice."
Fact Magazine (UK),70,"His fourth LP is darker, but, more important, it's rougher, working wrinkles and jagged edges into music that used to feel almost too smooth to grab on to."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"While it may take until the next album for these darker elements to be as rewardingly complex as Wilner can be, its still an immersive trip."
Blurt Magazine,65,"On Cupid's Head there are moments of magic, but you'll have to remain patient. [Nov-Dec 2013, p.100]"
Clash Music,60,"This offers another slight change from Willner's past--enough to maintain perked attention from listeners in love with his sound, while those who are less enamored won't hear enough that distinguishes it from any other Field album."

The Line of Best Fit,80,"This album is something that any open-minded Mixmag reader could appreciate."
Pitchfork,80,"An unpretentious euphoric debut. [Sep 2013, p.95]"
The Line of Best Fit,80,"This is actually a deeply groovy album, beautifully produced and full of sparkling detail. [Sep 2013, p.108]"
Pretty Much Amazing,80,"A striking, satisfying album that balances the boldness of a debut with the experience Rocketnumbernine has gained since You Reflect Me."
PopMatters,75,"RocketNumberNine should be commended for the killer tracks that theyve managed to pack into MeYouWeYou."
Mojo,70,"Tracks like 'Steel Drummer' shade between euphoric rave and freakout energy, while 'Black And Blue' has a distinct rock edge with its dark riffs and darker mood. [Sep 2013, p.63]"
Uncut,70,"This is a perfectly fine debut, but probably nothing compared to seeing them live."
No Ripcord,70,"MeYouWeYou is an ambitious and confident record from a band with enough smarts to keep one foot in the electronic realm while letting the other roam free."

Consequence of Sound,80,"Aerotropolis manages to navigate its concept without being crushed by the weight of it, and is a thoroughly enjoyable LP that--perhaps like Ikonika herself--will only mature with time."
Resident Advisor,80,"Its frequently funky and witty, the production and melodies burn themselves onto your memory, and while occasionally its more impressive than lovable, you cant argue with its clarity of vision."
musicOMH.com,80,"Its a poised, carefully executed balance that captures Ikonika in an intriguing period of transition."
Exclaim,80,"Ultimately, Aerotropolis is not just a statement of Ikonikas personal growth and reinvigoration, but a measured statement of British electronic musics broader lift-off."
Rolling Stone,80,"Ikonika has delivered one of 2013's definitive summer albums. It's time to get happy."
Fact Magazine (UK),80,"Sleeker but no less cartoony than her debut, it mixes freestyle house into her signature sound and comes off richer than anything shes done before."
Under The Radar,80,"Aerotropolis, her second album, adds even more references to the mix and leaves her fine debut in the dust."
AllMusic,80,"The end result is immensely listenable, and so goddamn fun."
Mixmag,75,"For the most part, it's simply a pleasure to sit back and plug in."
Mojo,70,"The album tends toward generic, blocky sci-fi-tronic. [Sep 2013, p.90]"
Q Magazine,70,"Theres very little thats boring about Aerotropolis, quite the opposite in fact, but theres also not always enough that jumps out."
AllMusic,65,"Aerotropolis' 180 pop move--as comfortable and assured in its own niche as it is--is so abrupt that it almost feels like an innovative rulebreaker hitting the reset button and starting a completely new, much more familiar persona from scratch."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),60,"The album doesnt bring anything new to the table, opting instead to build on established structures."
The Wire,60,"Her drive and influences are there, but, moving forward, the search for hooks may remain her greatest challenge."
Resident Advisor,50,"Even though the evidence isnt excessively rife on Aerotropolis, its clear that somewhere under the shiny, retrogressive hedonism and 4/4 decadence, theres a voice trying to escape the easy confines it has found for itself."

Exclaim,80,"Robert Hood's first album as Floorplan is if anything more functional than Marcel Dettmann's offering. [Oct 2013, p.58]"
Fact Magazine (UK),80,"From a distance, Paradise continues to connect the dots of Hood's career, but up close, it's completely absorbing."
Mixmag,80,"You're drawn in by a minimalist master at work."
musicOMH.com,70,"Paradise is a record with a big personality that demonstrates how much your integrity as an artist informs your music and why that slippery qualification separates someone like Hood from the legions of lesser producers out there."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Aesthetically, funk, soul, and gospel are part of the same tradition that runs from African polyrhythms, through house and classical minimalism, to minimal techno, and Hoods faith enables him to embrace these influences as more than just empty signifiers. The result enriches all of these traditions, making for a thrilling and enlightening listen that forces a fresh look at Hoods peers and back catalogue."
Resident Advisor,60,"It's slightly more accessible than his previous work. [Sep 2013, p.102]"
cokemachineglow,60,"Theyre solid tracks though few approach his greatest moments."

AllMusic,90,"Whether dealing out breakbeat punishments like '777,' wriggling dubstep like 'Ascension,' or mystical funk like 'Isis,' he sounds like no one else, simultaneously street and chic, enticing and elusive."
Clash Music,90,"At a time when many electronic albums sound more like mixed sets than collections of songs, this expansive double album is all the more impressive, with its 33 abruptly separated songs holding the listener captive within Zombys edgy world for well over an hour.... Its unnervingly beautiful."
XLR8r,83,"With Love is the most focused and refined release from Zomby yet, which is quite the feat considering it's a double album."
Uncut,80,"Even many of his prettiest, most delicate tracks are grounded in thumping bass. As a result, it's a more satisfying listen than Shlohmo's or Nosaj Thing's albums."
Drowned In Sound,80,"This beautiful mess of splatter-painted hi hats, creaking kick drums, and swooning synth patterns, as confusing as it may be, is something to behold."
Pitchfork,80,"There are plenty of small discoveries to be found within each of With Loves intricate sound trips, but there is enough mystery and intrigue injected into each textured layer to keep you wanting to find new ways to get lost."
CMJ,80,"A truly stylish but somewhat overly long affair."
Exclaim,80,"The results are like a retrospective charting 25 years of innovation in UK club music."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Hopping from house nods to drum-and-bass winks and into spells of bottomlessly deep garage and bass, With Love isnt so much a trip down memory lane. Its more like a really wild shortcut."
The Wire,80,"Rarely longer than three minutes, Zomby tracks don't make much sense in isolation but the cumulative effect over 80 minutes is moving in ways that are hard to explain. [Jul 2013, p.113]"
XLR8r,80,"It's always an after-hours, nocturnal experience."
Resident Advisor,79,"With Love is like a pocket book of poetry, a series of short thoughts only tangentially related. Zomby is the elegant menace, capable of beauty and great affect but too stoned or disinterested to fully commit."
Exclaim,70,"As a 33-track double album, With Love has space for a small village's worth of memory lanes. [No. 100, p.61]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Between the two, disc 1 is more memorable than its counterpart, but together they still form a fascinating insight into one of the foremost production talents operating on our shores today."
Q Magazine,70,"All the tracks are suggestively clipped and short, like urgent jottings in a diary still in a state of being written."
Mixmag,70,"With Love is a flawed collection that is on a par with Zombys previous work but one that is minted in the producers unique persona."
AllMusic,70,"If someone compiles their favourite 12 tracks from it, they may well have their album of the year, but in its current state With Love is pretty far from a classic."
Drowned In Sound,70,"For an artist so intent on self-mythologizing--with his grand pronouncements, rare interviews and mask-wearing anonymity--With Love feels like a surprisingly comprehensive piece of work. But it's still a rambling outpouring of quick-fire songs."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),70,"As with his previous output, regardless of the myriad influences in effect, you never once have any doubts you are listening to a Zomby record."
RapReviews.com,60,"While With Love is an ambitious and entertainingly composed undertaking, offering glimpses into Zombys varied inspirations, it can still be frustratingly piecemeal and somewhat self-indulgent."
Consequence of Sound,60,"With Love's blackout material is thinly stretched, allowing light to shine in on a skeletal basement stock of dubstep sketches and flat house beats that repeatedly loop out to abrupt endings, halting Zomby's greater narrative ambitions. [Aug 2013, p.92]"
The Line of Best Fit,60,"Aside from its sheer heft, though, it's hard to imagine it converting anyone who doesn't already care."
Clash Music,60,"With Loves desire to obscure any traces of the artistic hand that made it is both its most compelling trait and what ultimately prevents it from ascending to the aesthetic nirvana it imagines."
Mixmag,60,"What could be mistaken for something approaching a masterpiece reveals itself as far more hollow."
Boston Globe,50,"With Love is by no means a terrible album, but the bar that Dedication set was in no way reached. Its worth giving a listen, but be prepared to edit it into a condensed and sensical format."
Q Magazine,40,"You just dont get a sense of the depth and variety of the history Zomby is trying to encapsulate. Also, much of With Loves second half is made up of loping, rather dull dub and dubstep."
The Independent (UK),40,"The execution is consistently weak. [Aug 2013, p.79]"

Pitchfork,90,"For him, music is all about expression and collaboration. On The Visitor, he has crystallised those principles into a richly beguiling and inventive work that crosses musical boundaries effortlessly."
Magnet,80,"You may not always know what's going on or why, but that hardly matters when it's such a joyous whirl."
No Ripcord,80,"An hour of absorbing rhythmic transport, The Visitor fully satisfies the brief. [Aug 2013, p.84]"
Rolling Stone,80,"Mischievously sexy. [Aug 2013, p.94]"
DIY Magazine,80,"It's the multilingual, mulch-direcctional, half sung, half spoken vocals that really make The Visitor though. [Jul 2013, p.66]"
Fact Magazine (UK),80,"Right from the silly, scary opener RRRR, its daft, hypnotic, erotic, evil and unhinged all at once."
Resident Advisor,80,"Listeners attached to Aguayo's comparatively spindly early-2000s work will hear much of this as cracked chaos, but the level of carefree delight brimming throughout has to be, at the very least, admired."
Exclaim,75,"It's hard to knock Aguayo's unique spirit, and the boldness with which that shines through on this LP is certainly captivating in its own right."
The Quietus,70,"Aguayo always has heaps of ideas, some of which work brilliantly but more often than not, he finds himself stranded in a groove, unsure where to go next. [Aug 2013, p.67]"
Mojo,70,"The Visitor works as a great example of an artist honing his craft in reverse, expertly inserting his distinctive style into a tried-and-true blueprint."
Spin,60,"It is yet to produce anything quite as lovely as his 2002 minimal classic, Maria."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"A post-digital block party full of computer music whose Latinate rhythms and rolled Rs don't conform to grid or template."
New Musical Express (NME),59,"There's potential in The Visitor's mix of electro, new wave, and pop, but it's obscuring or distorting Aguayo's personality, which is the engine that has driven his songs for so long."
CMJ,50,"Other than final track A Certain Spirit, the clearest crossover of irked techno and David Byrne-d, samba deconstruction, the melting pot (remember those aforementioned ingredients) that has gestated for five years ends up being served cold as gazpacho."

PopMatters,80,"Those who don't share his sense of humor or fondness for quick-shifting sounds may be left scratching their heads while listening to Enthusiast, but listeners who are ready for anything will enjoy the wild ride the album offers."
Uncut,80,"Serious and focused but also enormously fun, it represents the late flowering of a distinctive, accomplished talent."
musicOMH.com,75,"Enthusiast is a solid, eclectic offering, and, if it truly is Siriusmo's last, it's not a bad way to end a long career."
Resident Advisor,60,"The overall impression is one of a garbled sonic soup. [Oct 2013, p.110]"
Mojo,60,"Despite falling short of its higher-octane predecessor, this difficult second album isnt without its moments."

Q Magazine,90,"Half of Where You Live is a considerably more rewarding album, one that creates lush, sophisticated, and disarmingly inviting music using the simple building blocks of sample-based beats and deeply personal musical storytelling."
The Wire,85,"On Gold Pandas sophomore full length, moments of predictability are rare."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Half Of Where You Live sidesteps the dreaded sophomore slump by staying true to the impulse that guided Gold Pandas initial recordings: honesty."
AllMusic,80,"It's a remarkable exploration of self--an undoubtedly personal album, packed with a sense of history, circumstance, opportunity, love, and fleeting memories."
XLR8r,80,"If his follow-up doesn't evince quite the same exuberance, it still twinkles with a well-travelled exoticism."
Uncut,80,"Set them around rhythmically experimental dance tracks (An English House, Community) and you have intelligent evolution."
Exclaim,80,"Richly detailed and supremely defined, Half Of Where You Live is a wonderfully vivid follow up from a producer at the top of his game."
The Guardian,76,"Ultimately the success of Half of Where You Live lies not in Gold Panda repeating old tricks, but in how he's expanded his repertoire to include new sounds, and his aesthetic proves sturdy enough to accomdate them."
The Observer (UK),70,"Gold Panda shows himself to be a more mature, more skilled architect of sound, creating vast textures that expertly render the materiality of his samples."
Pitchfork,70,"The rhythm tracks are built up from finger bells and clicking wooden percussion, while each track is overlaid with wisps of koto or zither, which shimmer appealingly over the top, adding a touch of global gravitas. [Aug 2013, p.71]"
Clash Music,70,"Half of Where You Live is a strong follow-up from a producer whos underrated due to his patience and steadfast refusal to be ostentatious."
AllMusic,70,"While Half of Where You Live is a slightly more streamlined electronic album than his debut, it still manages to be a transporting work that is easy to enjoy as a hip, calming background mood piece, and stands as a nice, fitting addition to the Ghostly International catalog."
Resident Advisor,70,"It lacks the punch of Lucky Shiner, but is no less charming."
XLR8r,70,"Half of contains all the crackling, happy-sad flavour of Gold Pandas past discography, but with harsher textures than before--its disorientating and inquisitive, physically uprooting you from your comfort zone."
Q Magazine,70,"Gold Panda has come up with another fine album with some standout moments, but overall Half Of Where You Live doesnt quite have the coherence or impact of its predecessor."
Mixmag,66,"While Half Of Where You Live is structured remarkably well, its definitive moments lack that particular magnetism thats always been at the heart of Gold Pandas music."
XLR8r,65,"It's unfortunate for Half Of Where You Live to be released so close to something so perfect [Trust EP], but the change in direction leaves a probably ill-deserved lingering sense of sadness. [Jun-Jul 2013, p.99]"
The Line of Best Fit,60,"This pared back approach, which lends parts of the record a 'dancier' vibe, may not suit all fans of his singular debut. [Jul 2013, p.85]"
CMJ,60,"It may be a little too low-key for its own good--Four Tet explores similar territory with more urgency--but it's full of dog-eared charm. [Jul 2013, p.104]"
Slant Magazine,60,"The album was inspired by world travel, but it has a pleasantly isolated feel: a portable home, conjured between headphones."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),60,"Sadly, despite the instrumental samples that appear to have been plucked from all continents (maybe excluding Antarctica), much of the rest of the album is difficult to engage with."
Mixmag,50,"The surreal strings on 'We Work Nights,' the doubled percussion on 'An English House' and the sultry, repetitive warble on closer 'Reprise' give the release a much needed kick, but Half of Where You Live still lacks the strength it needs."

DIY Magazine,100,"Bold, brilliant and beautiful."
Pitchfork,100,"This is an intelligent and deeply human album and it would be no exaggeration to say that its already a modern classic."
Tiny Mix Tapes,90,"Immunity is a journey to be savoured, revisited regularly in the knowledge that some new landmark will emerge each and every time."
Uncut,87,"All in all, Hopkins roadmap is splendidly plotted, taking the right amount of time to deliver you to your destination and showing you the detours you didnt even know you wanted to see."
Consequence of Sound,85,"It all adds up to a remarkably visceral, sensual, confident electronic record that stays absorbing from beginning to end, and should finally catapult Hopkins to stardom in his own story."
AllMusic,85,"Immunity is not for everyone, especially those who come to electronic music merely for its club-ready, dancefloor offerings. But for those who listen seeking to peer into sonic worlds that might not otherwise exist, Hopkins has created one which is rich with gorgeous detail and worth fully exploring."
Drowned In Sound,85,"The record is an absolute trip: a movable feast pressed to 12 inches of microgroove."
Clash Music,84,"Immunity presents itself as the missing piece of the puzzle, the catharsis we were conditioned not to expect. In this very moment, our preconceptions of Jon Hopkins have been entirely undermined--and theres little to do but enjoy the hell out of the twist of events."
musicOMH.com,80,"If you dont drift off too early, though, it all resolves, making for a sonically rich and delicately nuanced album."
Sputnikmusic,80,"The first four songs are striking, stirringly beautiful techno numbers.... The albums second half emphasizes ambience and texture, making for songs that are slow, contemplative and nourishing."
Under The Radar,80,"Immunity never drags. [Jul 2013, p.86]"
Mojo,80,"There's a substance and sense of space in these meditative moments that makes for a satisfying, deep listening experience. [Jul 2013, p.113]"
Q Magazine,80,"Immunity is expertly paced, and as good for coming down as it is for coming up."
Rolling Stone,80,"By concentrating on his own endeavors, Jon Hopkins has created one of the year's most intriguing electronic recordings. [Jun-Jul 2013, p.99]"
The Guardian,80,"While the tracks do expand, growing before your ears from what you first think they are about to much more, they also are small, in the best of ways."
Exclaim,80,"Almost universally, Immunity is an album which puts a well-placed confidence in rewarding the patience of the listener, melding together current club trends with a vulnerable humanity to create an hour-long arc of total immersion."
Mixmag,80,"The beauty is not lost, Hopkins just places a real-word faade on his delicate textures. Nothing in reality is without flaws and neither are Hopkins productions."
musicOMH.com,80,"Hopkins's beats shuffle and trip but there is a great clarity of focus throughout, and a delicate beauty."
Resident Advisor,80,"With this record Hopkins has finally succeeded in putting on record a definitive statement of his musical vision and ideas."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),80,"At just an hour in length, Immunity savours every moment, pulling on your heartstrings, lifting you off your feet and inviting you right back for more."
Pitchfork,80,"Immunity's greatest rapture, however, lies in Hopkin's welcome reunion with King Creosote for the title track's glistening melancholy. [Jul 2013, p.76]"
XLR8r,80,"Up to this point, Hopkins is best known for the work he does with others, as an arranger for Coldplay, an in-demand producer and a talented collaborator, but Immunity is the record that defines him. You'll be blessed if you hear a better album of electronic music this year."
The Line of Best Fit,70,"Even if it doesn't always demand listeners' attention, Immunity is never less than thoughtfully crafted."
Sputnikmusic,70,"It bursts with techno beats that jump wildly from deep and dark to bright and euphoric."
NOW Magazine,65,"Hopkins drifts too often into listless ambiance for anything here to actually set in. Even so, Immunity manages--more than any if his work to date--to accent Hopkins' greatest asset as a producer: his remarkable attention to detail. [No.99, p.57]"
The New York Times,60,"Immunity pounds and pulses with pneumatic energy, its rhythmic tracks (Collider but also Open Eye Signal) gleaming with machine-precise hedonism."

Mojo,80,"A whole album of these bolts would be nuts, in a good way. [Jul 2013, p.66]"
Q Magazine,80,"Nothing here is naive or inaccessible. [Jun 2013, p.89]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Considering the Black Dog's immense volume of output over the previous few years, it's remarkable that the group's attention to detail and uniquely stern sound remains. And yet, for all the output that preceded it, Tranklements isn't merely another Black Dog album."
Under The Radar,80,"Tranklements recalls Robert Hood's Motor: Nighttime World 3: both exhibit a confidence and composure perhaps unique to veteran producers."
PopMatters,65,"Tranklements is straining to belong somewhere; in the process, it ends up sounding more like it wants to be defiant instead of inspired."
Drowned In Sound,60,"This is a forward-looking release by a group still searching for reverence."

Consequence of Sound,80,"While there's nothing wildly original on In Technicolor, the energy and attitude that relative youngsters Georg Conrad and Marius Bubat stir into their psychedelic synthpop and off-kilter electro suggests that they know the rules well enough to be able to gently subvert techno cliches. [May 2013, p.69]"
The Observer (UK),60,"Too much of the album feels restrained, unable to truly revel in the bliss of melody."
DIY Magazine,60,"Marius Bubat and Georg Conrad, assisted by an assorted cast who visited their Cologne, Germany studio--including vocalists Ada and Edi Winarni, and a handful of instrumentalists--have made one of the Kompakt label's more entertaining and less serious albums."
Exclaim,60,"In Technicolor keeps this young duo striving to sound youthful and adventurous."
Uncut,60,"Most of the tracks on In Technicolor could have slotted neatly on to any of the Total 12 compilations the label has released since 1999, but this is top-notch execution of an aesthetic that will always be welcome."

The Quietus,80,"Where many similar hybrids are too cerebral or schizophrenic, his album is impressively tactile, and laced with a genuinely passionate pulse."
AllMusic,80,"Raw Solutions is spirited, fiercely effective club music with nothing to hide."
Clash Music,78,"Raw Solutions is more ambitious than the average dance album, both in terms of the span of sonic territory that it covers and its attempts to synthesize all of it into one cohesive work."
Magnet,70,"Most of Raw Solutions is a working-through of moves from Chicago House from Juke to footwork to Ghetto House, and while well done, doesn't leave its own stamp as an outside interpretation. [May 2013, p.66]"
Blurt Magazine,70,"It unravels itself while unraveling you at the same time. Its happy-go-lucky on the surface, more mellowed out underneath."
The Wire,70,"Raw Solutions is a smooth and occasionally stirring continuation that switches tacks with such frequency that pigeon-hole evasion seems like a conscious goal."
Mojo,60,"If only Slava had focused on the highlights and cut the weaker numbers from his debut LP, he might have had a rather strong EP to share."
AllMusic,20,"The majority of tunes on offer here do very little to build on the ideas and panache exposed on Soft Control."

Resident Advisor,95,"Autechre's are notions are studied as they are transportive and on Exai, the duo fairly dares us not to lose ourselves. [No. 96, p.53]"
XLR8r,90,"While it still remains potentially unwieldy and awkward for a casual listener, it brings an order of chaos to a chaotic sound, representing the best of all Autechres work in a cohesive distillation. For devotees who are willing to gaze into the digital abyss, Exai holds unfathomable depths."
Exclaim,90,"Exai shows they still occupy a special position in the current generation of forward-thinkers, producing music that couldnt have been made at any other time other than now, unostentatiously trailblazing a path for others to follow in."
Uncut,90,"The two hours of Exai is something else. This is Autechre operating at their highest level since 1998s LP5."
Resident Advisor,84,"A tangled and glorious mess of aggressive glitches and clipped synths and stuttering beats and hints, shadows, and fragments of tunefulness."
AllMusic,80,"Longtime fans will be pleased to hear that not all of Exai is a mature, intellectual exploration of the possibilities of electronic music."
Exclaim,80,"Not always easy, but definitely worth it."
The Guardian,80,"150 minutes of challenging, organic electronica. [Apr 2013, p.95]"
Resident Advisor,80,"As always, it's a lot to take in; even after a dozen listens, the album's too oblique to really register in the memory. That slipperiness does nothing to diminish the moments when things really stick, though."
Fact Magazine (UK),80,"The album could have been pared down a bit, yet it's a drop in a bucket for Booth and Brown. Prior to this, their discography clocked in at 18 hours or so. What's another two hours?"
Pitchfork,80,"As a body of music Exai lividly pulses, possessed by a half-life of disturbing magnitude."
The Wire,80,"Exai represents a career-spanning work, one that encapsulates almost every phase of their evolving aesthetic, and whether you're a fan of their early work or their recent output, it stands as a remarkable synthesis that coheres only through the deftness of its sonic architects."
CMJ,80,"This two-hour epic very occasionally rests on its laurels by using sounds from past palettes, but is characteristically rich and adventurous. [Apr 2013, p.67]"
AllMusic,80,"With Exai they've created a work which reveals renewed faith in their own identity and which should act as compass in years to come. [Mar 2013, p.57]"
XLR8r,80,"Fans certainly won't be bowled over by the innovation on offer, but as a refinement of their sound it is the ne plus ultra Autechre album, honed and executed to perfection with only a few drifty moments that suggest it could have been cut down to a single LP."
Tiny Mix Tapes,75,"Exai operates within a comfort zone--one thats dazzling, but given the sheer length of this thing, also far from easy to stomach as a whole."
Magnet,70,"For those of us in between, it's like that aforementioned jigsaw puzzle: confounding, occasionally satisfying, and forever keeping you guessing as to what image its shapes are trying to form."
PopMatters,70,"It's one of those hard to grasp music forms--listen to it on headphones and the acuity of it improves, listen to it on speakers and another side is revealed."
musicOMH.com,70,"They may no longer be cutting edge (who is these days?), but Autechre's intricately psychedelic pieces are still chock-full of detail, intrigue, wit, intensity and poise."
BBC Music,70,"Booth and Brown are old hands these days, their territory firmly staked out. Its gratifying to see, if only briefly, that they havent lost the element of surprise."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),65,"It's a challenging record. [Mar-Apr 2013, p.97]"
Record Collector,62,"Listening to the record as a whole is sort of like meandering through an exhibit of miniature, spasming wire sculptures."
Mixmag,60,"Clocking in at a shade over tow hours, there's room for fans of all vintages to find something of value. [Apr 2013, p.94]"
Mojo,60,"This much material is exhausting to make your way through, the stretches between moments of genius way too long."
XLR8r,60,"Maybe a bit more editing could have given it more coherence. At the same time, there are no duff tracks, and a lot of fascinating moments."
AllMusic,59,"Some of its songs deserve to be cut into halves, while others should have been chopped wholesale. With those snips, Exai would be a really good Autechre album that summarizes the various successes of their career in an hour or so. As is, it's as much a frustrating obstacle course as it is a grueling marathon."

Clash Music,70,"Pearl Necklace seem to be honing their edge, not losing it. [May 2013, p.75]"
Slant Magazine,70,"Most of these tracks feel like they would evaporate instantaneously if they tried to leave the house, let alone take their place in any public space. As a debut collection of electronic oddities, it works just fine, though."
Uncut,70,"As it stands, the album lives up to its name, offering a low-key but promising introduction to the duo's music."
The Wire,56,"Soft Opening maintains a sort of oddball consistency in this regard, but is ultimately so aimless, messy, and at times beyond tedious, it hardly matters how many hands were in its pot."
The Quietus,50,"What Hackford and Lyon really need is a plot, a purpose, a driving force, and an end goal. Without those things, Soft Openings gets lost and doesnt quite know how to make its way back."

The Line of Best Fit,80,"The Waiting Room hangs together as an affecting portrait of electronic musics possibilities."
Resident Advisor,80,"His gently intense third album is sometimes breathtaking in its melancholy sweep and songwriting skill, and always absorbing. [Mar 2013, p.96]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"In effect, McIlwain has succeeded in making not only a great record, but also a thoroughly lovely one."
Exclaim,80,"Picking up right where A Certain Distance left off, the Seattle-based producer's latest LP shows the same passion for methodical soundscapes, which are no less thoughtful for their glowing warmth."
Fact Magazine (UK),70,"Those looking for something more consistent should first check out the exceptional Serial Hodgepodge, but fans of the poppier side of Lusine will find this to be a nice counterpart to A Certain Distance."
Under The Radar,60,"While McIlwain is operating within more rigid structures, another hangover from his ambient productions is that he can sometimes sound a bit directionless."

Filter,80,"While the mix is strong throughout, its beginning and end are particularly captivating."
Q Magazine,73,"The resulting sound feels neither modern nor particularly retro, although it's certainly arguable that the music's buffed up, high-gloss late night classicism resembles just a bit too strongly the kind of music that, say, Poker Flat label boss Steve Bug was playing nine years ago."
NOW Magazine,70,"It's a boisterously enjoyable and skilfully compressed journey, and a further evolution in an already promising mix series."
Dusted Magazine,70,"Social Experiment 003 is an after-hours adventure into the perverse seduction of tech-house."

Pitchfork,80,"Despite its velocity, the album is ambient in the sense that it sounds best when heard with the same indirect, free-associative attention thats behind it."
Uncut,80,"Even when the pulse ends up becoming more of a question mark than an assertive statement, the music still speaks as directly to the body as to the mind"
Resident Advisor,70,"Filching from the foundations of dub music to create a stridulous yet wholesome panache is something Vladislav Delay has been doing for many years, and despite purveying a rather ambivalent shrug with regards to its inception, he has fashioned on Kuopio an album that stands equally as tall as its predecessors."
AllMusic,70,"While a demonstrable knack for narrative composition gives the album much of its immersive power, Kuopio isnt a huge departure from the blueprint."
Pitchfork,60,"Its perfectly good--there isnt actually anything particularly bad or boring about it--its just fractured without being bloody-mindedly avant-garde and its bleak without being exciting about it. Its just headphone candy for nerds."

Consequence of Sound,82,"It's true that destruction can be an act of creation, but the same goes the other way around: In building, Villalobos, with his big ideas and cheerful disposition, tears down."
PopMatters,80,"The synthetic sounds are more liquid and alive, the rhythms more nonchalantly funky, the unfolding narratives more gripping than previous work. [Dec 2012, p.64]"
Q Magazine,80,"Maybe people with better audio equipment or a more jaded approach to electronic music have been enjoying him this much all along, but the remaining 47 percent are in for a surprise."
Exclaim,80,"Dependent and Happy sounds like the hungriest dance music that Ricardo Villalobos has recorded in some time."
XLR8r,70,"This CD version has some outstanding moments, and at times is a masterful lesson in dream-like production."
AllMusic,60,"These songs feel ripped from sets you'll most likely never see, as the technical skill of Villalobos conspicuously reminds the listener of the less boring record it could have been."

Resident Advisor,85,"Armed with a collection of adrenaline-pumping beats and diverse vocal appearances, it's a musical force that continues to establish Zimmerman's place among the house music greats."
AllMusic,80,"Having always been a master at transcending genres, he makes sure his new album includes something for every musical taste."
Pitchfork,70,">album title goes here< may show a more mature, artistically evolved deadmau5, but it'll still sell out auditoriums."
Resident Advisor,60,"To a saucer-eyed teenager with a head full of pills stood amidst Deadmau5's immersive, impressive son-ET-lumiere experience, watching everything 'going right off,' it'll probably sound amazing. Maybe the rest of us should just wait outside in the car until the show's over. [Nov 2012, p.105]"
Consequence of Sound,60,"Though it doesn't strike me as having the longevity of Random Album Title or 4x4=12, it's nonetheless worth the price of admission."
Dusted Magazine,60,"His house-derived grooves don't have a lot of the swing and soul that older heads crave, but they're also not nearly as heavy-handed and macho as his haters claim."
Exclaim,60,"Flying in the face of his public persona, this is a sprawling (could be tighter) and humble (could be more persuasive) Deadmau5 album and one best suited for established fans."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Deadmau5 brings a love of spectacle--and the humor of a natural ham--to his strobe-lit club anthems."
Fact Magazine (UK),50,"At his best - 'The Veldt,' 'Closer,' and 'Channel 42,' which has a nice, Cameo-like wah-funk wiggle - Deadmau5 is a topflight roots-of-EDM mimic. At his worst, he's a troll."
PopMatters,40,"Album Title Goes Here is simply, and honestly, a pointless release, a record designed for two very different crowds, yet lacking the ammunition to even moderately please anyone."
Pitchfork,40,"Right now, for all its impressive fireworks, it feels hollow as its title."
The Wire,40,"It's derivative, cliched and gives the impression of having been made by someone who's never danced in their life, but in a purely technical sense, it's extremely well produced, punchy, powerful, with a strong grasp of dynamics and occasional flashes of a deft melodic touch."
Dusted Magazine,10,"What strikes you first about Album Title Goes Here, apart from the moronic postmodernism-for-tweens title, is how resolutely un-danceable it is."

Resident Advisor,90,"With its intrepid nonconformity, masterfully undercooked programming and swagger, it's hard not to view Transsektoral as anything other than a resounding success."
Fact Magazine (UK),85,"From the patient and methodical moments to the flashes of light and energetic dance music, the producers always seem to be in control, and following the path they take makes for a truly rewarding listen."
Exclaim,78,"It's one of the most back-to-front solid and uncompromising Berlin techno full-lengths this year."
Paste Magazine,70,"Nothing on the album truly startles or surprises, its sources are clear, and its impact song for song is the kind of satisfying fix one might expect from labels like m_nus and Kompakt as much as Ostgut Ton itself. Where things stand out are in the smaller details."

Mixmag,80,"For a collaboration that could've easily become a Cocoon of styles and persons past, The Orbserver in the Star House plays surprisingly spry."
Consequence of Sound,80,"The Orb and Lee 'Scratch' Perry recording in Berlin could have been a disaster but this is anything but."
Q Magazine,80,"Overall, The Orbserver is lots of fun for late-period Perry fans, and will appeal to Orbologists, too."
PopMatters,80,"The approach is dubwise, but the result is unique -- it simultaneously pushes familiar musical buttons and sounds like nothing else that has come before."
NOW Magazine,70,"It is satisfying--almost a relief--see potential in this record for something more from the group."
AllMusic,70,"This is a fine record and an overall cheery record that would be equally comfortable at a patio BBQ, in a dark post-party Grotto or bubbling pleasantly out of your headphones."
Rolling Stone,68,"Rather than embalming past glories or forcing a big statement, the Orb sound like they're having fun on these jams, recorded quickly in Berlin, with pioneer Lee 'Scratch' Perry."
Spin,60,"This alliance with The Orb is positive for both parties, Perry providing a tighter rein on their tendency to meander, while they furnish him with a different terrain to his usual dub skanks."
Sputnikmusic,60,"Everyone involved on this slab of hertz has brought far too much to the table over the years to dismiss this and the record really works."
BBC Music,60,"[Perry] rambles--incomprehensibly, as ever--over various trippy soundscapes from Alex Paterson and Thomas Fehlmann. [Sep 2012, p.82]"
The Guardian,50,"Orbserver is the latest chapter in that legend's [Lee Perry's] ever-lengthening history, and it works ok in that sense. But it's barely an Orb album. [No.91 p.58]"
Fact Magazine (UK),50,"Scratch dances merrily over the electronics, but the two parties rarely connect in a cohesive way."
Resident Advisor,40,"A missed opportunity. [Oct 2012, p.107]"
XLR8r,40,"The orb's Dr. Alex Paterson and Thomas Fehlmann conduct themselves as if overawed by their hero. They allow Perry to prattle away unchecked. [Sep 2012, p.88]"
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),40,"Paterson's deep respect for Perry's improvised vocals ultimately handicapping the eccentricities of each man's production prowess."

AllMusic,80,"This is beautiful stuff and my favourite yet from Deepchord."
Dusted Magazine,80,"This is beautiful music that appears to breathe independently of its creator. [Oct 2012, p.95]"
musicOMH.com,80,"To say that Sommer is a piece of sonic architecture of which Klein himself would be proud is more than just hot air."
BBC Music,80,"It's an evocative work, one that brings forth intense visual imagery."

AllMusic,80,"While he doesn't go too far into weeds with avant-garde tendencies, Aimlessness is still a daring collection of electronic pop.  [Jul 2012, p.90]"
Fact Magazine (UK),75,"Although it may not represent a complete return to form, it's still a welcome stop on a production career that appears to have a lot of life left in it."
PopMatters,70,"There's some filler in the form of ambient doodling, but JT's pop sensibilities peek through frequently enough that it's a fair trade. [No.88, p.55]"
Pitchfork,70,"The Santa Barbarite has focused even more on textured, hazy compositions, allowing much of the album to move at an ebb-and-flow pace."
The Independent (UK),70,"Where earlier albums seemed to be meticulously crafted soundtracks to strange dream worlds, Aimlessness lacks the cohesion or attention to detail of those productions, opting instead for a soup of loosely pieced ideas, many of which feel moved on from more than worked over."
Clash Music,69,"Essentially, Aimlessness is a jovial affair that promises more in its first half than it can deliver in its second."
Uncut,55,"Tamborello's textural sensibilities remain, but his ability to supercharge glitch into something intoxicating and luminous seems to have dipped out the back."
Magnet,50,"Times changed; Dntel, less so. Aimlessness, his third album of new material, arrives without context, scene, or convenient narrative."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"As you unspool slowly into Aimlessness, you can't help but wish for a more mediating human touch."
Q Magazine,40,"After several spins, it appears that 'edginess' is precisely what's missing here; in fact, the listener is left pining for it, as almost every track floats along at its own pleasant, blissful pace--easy to swallow but difficult to digest."

Mojo,80,"Wonky restores the Hartnolls' reputation among electronic music's greats. [May 2012, p.103]"
Consequence of Sound,80,"The best Orbital album since 1994's Snivilisation? Certainly. [May 2012, p.87]"
Exclaim,80,"Wonky is Orbital's most pop album; it's supremely, relentlessly, even ruthlessly melodic, and laden with irresistible momentum throughout."
Mojo,80,"Orbital are right back on form, sounding assured and instinctive, ready to seize the moment once again and take their music to another level."
Resident Advisor,80,"It's further proof that Orbital aren't content to stand still and rest on the laurels that have made them ones to watch at festivals. 'Wonky' as an album is sexy, smart, and filled with all the potential to smash the competition."
XLR8r,80,"Nobody would expect an eighth album by a band 20-plus years into its career to sound this fantastic, but time away has obviously helped re-energise the brothers into crafting this triumphantly grand return."
Alternative Press,80,"The best record Orbital have made in the past 15 years and up there with their very best."
XLR8r,80,"Mainly a deep pool of blissful, sedentary festival listening."
Magnet,75,"Wonky has the one-jolt-after-another vibe of a great collection of familiar hits but without the disconnected feeling you get when a bunch of obviously Big Moment singles are slapped together and called an album, rather seamlessly covering a whole lot of musical ground without sacrificing concision or intensity"
Exclaim,74,"Imperfect it may be, but as a concise and focused return, its is an unequivocal triumph."
AllMusic,70,"Wonky is a very structured album, and although quality control may lapse slightly toward the end, it deserves to be considered a triumphant return."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),70,"Wonky is the sound of what a band has learned along the way. [Jun 2012, p.160]"
Prefix Magazine,70,"Much like Prodigy's return to their rave-era prime on Invaders Must Die, it feels a touch forced, but what remains clear is that the Hartnolls still have the ability to make magic more than 20 years after their debut."
Pitchfork,70,"Wonky finds the head-lamped pair still hitting those marks [being innovative within the confines of electronic music], even if it isn't quite as revelatory now. [No. 86, p.56]"
Resident Advisor,70,"It's Orbital doing what they do best... again."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Is this the best album of Orbital's career? Certainly not. But it is their best album in the past 15 years."
Q Magazine,60,"While it's unlikely to garner them a new generation of fans, as an exercise in generating fresh fodder for their festival sets it's effective enough."
Mojo,60,"Further confirmation of the enduring strength of old-school electronic music."
The Quietus,60,"Suggests and afternoon in Ikea. Snorbital."
musicOMH.com,60,"[Wonky has] not improved on any of their previous work. They are merely chasing the shadows cast from their own trademarked head torches."
DIY Magazine,60,"The 90s electronic titans use vintage analogue synths, subtly retro-fitting their sound in a way that, ironically, brings it bang up to date."
BBC Music,50,"Wonky is a work full of many flaws and too few shining moments, but as ammunition for the obvious tours to follow, there's enough here to be effective enough in a large enough setting."

Drowned In Sound,84,"Without a dull moment in sight, Reep has succeeded in creating something of an ethereal masterpiece."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"This is daring material of the highest caliber, both difficult and accessible in equal measure it may be one of the most important albums of the year."
Pitchfork,80,"Elephant & Castle is refreshing, and its an extremely impressive solo project."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),80,"It all makes for a well-rounded and fully formed debut album by a propitious new artist we look forward to hearing more from."
No Ripcord,70,"It's messy, but it sure is pretty."
Under The Radar,60,"Mostly, Elephant & Castle captures the sensual possibilities of electronica without settling into well-rubbed grooves."

AllMusic,85,"Ssss is absorbing techno to listen to and proof that well written music outscores clever production tricks any day of the week."
Magnet,80,"They actually have something fresh to express. [Apr 2012, p.62]"
PopMatters,80,"This is music that transcends the detached nature of its making."
Consequence of Sound,80,"It's nevertheless a hugely enjoyable ride, Clarke and Gore's duelling synths creating an entirely instrumental soundtrack to the sci-fi movie playing inside your own head."
Fact Magazine (UK),80,"One of the standout albums of 2012 so far. Tremendous stuff."
The Independent (UK),80,"The end product is stern, frigid and heavy minimalist-techno, which also happens to be pop as ...: urgent, impatient, sculpted, immediate, and incident-packed."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"Tremendous stuff."
Clash Music,80,"A stern but playful combination of caustic menace and bright hooks."
The Observer (UK),80,"The most potent and inventive electronica album I've heard in ages, a masterclass in punchy bleepscaping right from the low-register throb that opens 'Lowly'."
Sputnikmusic,70,"Despite suffering from flatness, the album is an enjoyable enough romp and in its almost nave purity, it is endearing."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),70,"Adjust to it being low-key, sometimes background music, and SSSS won't be leaving the average synth pop fan's headphones anytime soon."
PopMatters,70,"Completists will be sated - as they invariably are - by this fun, beat-happy collection. As for the less fanatical fans, caveat emptor: This is a return to the primitive.[No. 85, p.60]"
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"Ssss may not be the album expected by longtime Depeche Mode fans, but for those who still appreciate mid-tempo techno, the vinyl is definitely worthy of coveted crate space."
XLR8r,70,"The dominant flavor is deliberately faceless and club-friendly electro, but the highly finessed sonics and subtle attention to detail emerge over repeat listens. [Apr 2012, p.88]"
AllMusic,70,"Ssss is a modest, genially impersonal effort: 10 instrumental tracks that don't flaunt their authorship."
Consequence of Sound,65,"10 tracks of the kind of fierce, instrumental, no-bullshit techno that was as left-field popular in 1988 as 1998 as 2008. It's often witty, with a kind of robots-running-amok charm, and always attention-grabbing, at least in small doses. But friendly it ain't."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),60,"They've still got the moves. [April 2012, p.106]"
The Wire,60,"Regardless of your perspective, it's a solid 'pretty good'."
The Quietus,60,"The New Wave equivalent of the Rocky/ Apollo rematch at the end of Rocky III."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),60,"The analogue synths and electronic squelches could have boomed out of a darkened club at any time in the last two decades, but repeated listens reveal expertise with a sense of fun."
musicOMH.com,60,"It feels like a natural progression from synthpop into more hard-edged material and robust pop sensibilities shine through amid the bleeps and filthy basslines."
Drowned In Sound,40,"Through headphones, Ssss lacks proper punctum. Through speakers, it fails to infect."
BBC Music,40,"There's no hallmark of originality or pushing envelopes, nor any sense of collaboration between two distinct talents creating more than a sum of their parts. [Apr 2012, p.94]"
New Musical Express (NME),20,"Nothing on this album is new, nor is it a fresh take on over-tread electronic music ground."

The Independent (UK),82,"They manage to string a staggering number of tightly packed nuggets of melody and texture into 46 minutes."
Exclaim,81,"In a graceful return to form, Jan and Andi make it clear that they're as present as ever, ready to jump into the game like it hasn't been six years since we last met."
AllMusic,80,"Mouse on Mars's melodic power has been greater across the years, but the textural richness of Parastrophics is unmatched. [Mar 2012, p.57]"
Magnet,80,"In an age of musical ephemerality and impermanence (especially in the electronica/dance arena) it's good to know that sometimes innovation and inspiration can go hand in hand with experience."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Mouse On Mars are returning in triumphant and rapturous fashion, both sealing their reputation as relentless innovators while basking in the glory as beacons of inspiration."
Uncut,80,"A record that pushes a catholic range of sounds through filter after filter, and turns out something at once smudgy and beautiful."
The New York Times,80,"Rather than switch directions, or dig deeper into familiar turf, Mouse on Mars sound re-energized here, broadening and brightening their loopy forward vector."
Pitchfork,80,"Mouse on Mars sound only like themselves on Parastrophics, an album that's a rebirth and a welcome return for one of electronic music's most restlessly creative acts."
Q Magazine,80,"Parastrophics is mischievous and atomised techno pop for listeners who think they've heard it all."
PopMatters,75,"There are stretches, most notable the middle third, where the impulse to experiment obscures the user-friendliness, but nitpicking like this detracts from what we really should be acknowledging."
Rolling Stone,74,"When Mouse on Mars are able to fuse their exasperating experimentation with a headstrong beat, it's like the best party you've ever been to."
The Guardian,70,"A surreal pop record that gleefully warps the tones and inflections of modern radio tunes into funhouse mirror abstractions."
The Observer (UK),70,"A wicked density of engaging audio elements that practically demands full immersion. [Mar 2012, p.88]"
No Ripcord,70,"Parastrophics is never dull, and there are some great moments on here. But occasionally it is a little too restless for its own good."
Mojo,70,"Mouse On Mars now occasionally sounds like a hybrid of other artists rather than a unique entity."
Under The Radar,70,"As songs pulse and glow bright in the most dynamic of ways, it's almost bittersweet to see Mouse on Mars sounding so comfortable delivering house music, losing a bit of their identity with each passing beat."
Pitchfork,70,"This is one record that gets better when you play it on shuffle."
cokemachineglow,70,"Parastrophics is a capable release that can soundtrack a Bacchanalian night in the city."
The Wire,60,"Oddly utilitarian, geared towards dancing rather than listening. This is the type of music that reminds you that iTunes has made 'party' a utility."
No Ripcord,60,"Still on polyhedric form. [April 2012, p.102]"
DIY Magazine,60,"It suffers from the problem that comes from trying to sustain that moment of pure ecstasy: it's incredibly fun, but after awhile it becomes exhausting."
Fact Magazine (UK),60,"With its fidgety electronica and shredded rave, 11th album Parastrophies might've raised eyebrows in 1996, but today there are few Spotify playlists that would unironically accommodate squiggly chip-tunes. [Mar 2012, p.92]"

Boston Globe,80,"This is a record that reminds us of one of music's most overlooked, modest--but perhaps, most sensible--aesthetic couplings."
AllMusic,80,"For a stopgap collaboration, Underrated Silence sits comfortably with some of Schnauss's best work."
Clash Music,80,"Far from being aural wallpaper, this is ambient music that's both engaging and engrossing. [Mar 2012, p.112]"
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),80,"This is an album that works incredibly well turned up loud."
Filter,70,"There are some minor criticisms with Underrated Silence, the most obvious being the similarity between most of its ten pieces."
Rolling Stone,70,"Schnauss' sheen unifies it as, bare minimum, a pleasant journey through the haze. Just don't expect to see anything too clearly."
Under The Radar,70,"Beautifully crafted, if slightly inconsistent, Underrated Silence is undoubtedly still more of a mood setter than a head-bobber, but it's a far more challenging and ultimately rewarding listen than your average chill-out fare."
musicOMH.com,60,"This is grandly executed wallpaper music. [Mar 2012, p.88]"
Resident Advisor,60,"A polite, undemanding excursion--frustratingly stuck to its own sonic landscape."
Exclaim,60,"The album's heavily layered ambi-rock confections indulge the duo's mutual love of spangled guitar effects, tinselly twinkles and pearly dewdrop shimmers. [Mar 2012, p.97]"
Dusted Magazine,60,"Underrated Silence is never less than pretty, and often strikingly so, yet it lacks the grit that might make these compositions emotionally involving."
Prefix Magazine,60,"It's ambient electronica that exudes shoegaze impressionism that is also as effective as ever."
Tiny Mix Tapes,50,"More unfortunate are the moments when Schnauss and Peters aim for surprising or affecting and veer straight into kitsch."

Q Magazine,100,"While 1992-2012 is no substitute for the seamless ebb and flow of dubnobasswith myheadman and Second Toughest In the Infants, there are some glorious moments. [Mar 2012, p.114]"
PopMatters,90,"Like a lot of career overviews, this is somewhere between an introduction and a collector's item, but it initially retailed for the price of a single disc and holds an edge over the marginally less expensive A Collection."
Uncut,80,"Both of these compilations [A Collection and 1992-2012: The Anthology] offer an embarrassment of riches, and in very different ways excellent overviews of one of the few long-running, still productive techno bands out there."
CMJ,80,"The nostalgic tug of the earlier, dancier singles remains strong, but as a bonus disc of rarities demonstrates, their experimental side is equally compelling. [Mar 2012, p.101]"
Exclaim,70,"All the more for you to swim around in. And those peaks certainly take you higher when the builds have been teased out to the limit."

Q Magazine,80,"Even if A Collection is by the numbers, they are great numbers and rounded out by some intriguing collaborations (with Brian Eno, High Contrast, and such) along with powerful live cuts."
musicOMH.com,80,"Both of these compilations [A Collection and 1992-2012: The Anthology] offer an embarrassment of riches, and in very different ways excellent overviews of one of the few long-running, still productive techno bands out there."
Drowned In Sound,60,"A single CD of short edits is an odd thing for a prog-techno act who specialize in spacious songs that often run for more than 10 minutes."
No Ripcord,40,"Ultimately, 1992-2012 does its job so well that it's hard to see the point of A Collection. [Mar 2012, p.114]"

AllMusic,90,"Whether you're an old fan of Drexciya or you've just arrived late to the party, Journey of the Deep Sea Dweller I is about as close to an essential compilation as you're going to get."
Under The Radar,90,"Magnificently re-mastered...  an exemplary introduction to the duo."
Prefix Magazine,87,"The Drexciya reissue rightly returns the spotlight to the original electro's signature rhythms and analog palette."
Uncut,80,"The first disc of 4CD retrospective of their early mid-90s work is an embarrassment of riches. [Feb 2012, p.84]"
Blurt Magazine,80,"Clone have struck a good balance, and there is not a single bad track amongst the 13 included here."

Consequence of Sound,100,"Gold Panda seems most interested in the former on his DJ-Kicks mix, keeping the dynamics understated, but the results are consistently interesting, melodic, and effective."
Pitchfork,80,"And it does seem that way here[on this album], that Gold Panda has made some kind of discovery that will be looked back on in a few years time as a defining statement to the turning tides of dance music extravagance."
Q Magazine,80,"This is one of those very rare electronica albums that actually rewards deep and repeated listening."
AllMusic,80,"The self-confessed non-DJ plays stylishly to the dancefloor's edge, flirting a little with the background before headline interjections from Bok Bok, Untold and 2562 yank you back to centre square."
PopMatters,80,"Getting impressive sets out of people primarily known for their 'artist' albums is nothing new to the DJ Kicks series, which is now in its second decade. Gold Panda has delivered one of the best."
Uncut,75,"In his own dogged, idiosyncratic way, he's keeping a neglected strain of dance music alive here, and while the joys are subtle, the more attention you give the mix, the deeper they feel."
Pitchfork,70,"A shimmering DJ compilation which sounds a bit cerebral, all in all."
AllMusic,60,"Fans of cuddly, home-listening indie electronica ... will want to hear this lovely DJ set of headphone beat candy."
PopMatters,60,"London's electronic wunderkind explores just about every other avenue in post rave dance music. [jam 2012, p.123]"
Rolling Stone,60,"It's a pleasant enough ride which reveals some of Panda's tastes."
Q Magazine,60,"DJ-Kicks might not be Gold Panda's next album, but it's a damn good DJ set."
XLR8r,50,"The reason that the DJ-Kicks series has remained relevant is that even at its so-called worst, it was still saying something about the overall state of electronic dance music. With Gold Panda's entry-despite its cleverness and state-of-the-art, diverse penchants-you're left with the impression the famous !K7 cycle has nothing more this time than a muted episode on its hands."
Resident Advisor,40,"All totally fine, of course, but next time a little passion and personality won't go amiss. [Jan 2012, p.103]"

Pitchfork,80,"The cascading ping and pop of 35 Summers and arpeggiated digital melancholy of Unbank is evidence of Plaid's empathy with this most beguiling of music forms. [Nov 2011, p.103]"
Uncut,80,"Over a distant wash of keyboards chords, Plaid create a multilayered drift of what sounds like piano and tuned percussion notes. The effect is, literally, scintillating."
The Quietus,70,"Scintilli's pieces are as varied as ever, but carefully drawn, like working on separate days with blowtorch-on-metal or in purple and blue oils. [Oct. 2011, p. 113]"
Blurt Magazine,70,"Plaid's sixth proper studio album, Scintilli, is hard to place stylistically, but nonetheless offers plenty of enjoyable head-scratching moments, along with a straight-up tune or two."
Sputnikmusic,70,"They've managed an interesting blend of that style with the free-form structures of film soundtracking, the results of which are intriguing although rarely crucial."
AllMusic,70,"Here they've created a retro cinema soundtrack to an '80s sci-fi romance."
Clash Music,60,"It's actually more pleasurable to pick a track at random and leave it on loop. [Sep 2011, p.56]"
PopMatters,60,"Scintilli slowly builds an all-absorbing world, [with] tension between fear and beauty. [Nov. 2011, p. 139]"
Pitchfork,60,"Perhaps most frustratingly, Scintilli doesn't have as much of a sense of continuum as the aforementioned trilogy--which is something that any good album should have."
Drowned In Sound,60,"There is a poise about Scintilli in its strongest moments that was absent even from those early blazed trails."
Rolling Stone,60,"It'll be comforting to know that Plaid certainly haven't 'lost it', that said they haven't strayed far enough outside their comfort zone in order to do so."
Q Magazine,60,"In their own way and in their own time, it's progress. [Oct 2011, p.95]"
The Independent (UK),60,"Here, they find unsuspected connections between disparate sounds."
Consequence of Sound,58,"Scintilli is a disappointingly static record from a duo of born tinkerers."

Resident Advisor,75,"The 10-minute penultimate track 'Tumtum,' in particular, is a tiny masterpiece of mood, stamina, and insistent rhythm, built sparingly on overlapping percussion and waves of sound. More of this kind of thing is what will squeak Boom Bip farther from the then and the now, and closer to what comes afterward."
Uncut,70,"Abstract hiphop-heads might be turned off by the slick machismo, but others will have some good dirty fun. [Oct 2011, p.65]"
Mojo,70,"Zig Zaj is predictably unpredictable, something else again for the artist."
BBC Music,70,"Zig Zaj sounds more like a rehash than the entirely new recipe that music fans are undoubtedly looking for."
Under The Radar,66,"Zig Zaj feels like he's straining a little too hard to make every song different from the last, where he's actually become pinned down by the 'eclectic' reputation he's accrued, forcing him to make unwise decisions just to keep a certain degree of diversity afloat in his work."
XLR8r,60,"Although Zig Zaj has a couple of strong songs that will likely find good homes on public radio and progressive dance floors, it sounds more like a collection of individual tracks than an actual album. [Oct. 2011, p. 112]"
AllMusic,60,"This third full-length solo record is a rich blend of different genres that, despite its rampant eclecticism, never jars. [Nov. 2011, p. 128]"
Clash Music,60,"[It is] an eclectic patchwork of cinematic techno-rock and beat-heavy vocal tunes featuring stray members of the Chili Peppers, Warpaint and more. [Oct 2011, p.81]"
The Wire,60,"Zig Zaj corrals its celebrity cameos within a strictly ring-fenced aesthetic. [Oct 2011, p.98]"
Q Magazine,50,"The end result lumps the worst banalities of 'indie' music into electronic sounds that, if properly fleshed out, might have been interesting."

Resident Advisor,90,"The album is incredibly rich from beginning to end, and totally unpredictable."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"The electronic treatments melt lusciously into the acoustic source material and only occasionally ... does dissonant incongruity intrude. [Aug. 2011, p. 106]"
The Quietus,80,"In Villalobos and Loderbauer's hands, then, the ECM catalogue becomes more than simply a stone set of recorded pieces of music (music as noun) but a further set of tools with which to music (music as verb). Which, although taking Villalobos some distance from his usual club-centric music, remains in spirit with both his and Loderbauer's usual ethos--pushing boundaries, breaking down barriers."
Uncut,80,"Bold and exciting, the project demonstrates the infinite possibilities available to modern producers, if only they look in the unlikeliest of places."
The Independent (UK),79,"Re: ECM stands out not just for its depth but for its variety, for the sheer number of musics it incorporates."
Pitchfork,60,"Too often it becomes mere background music, albeit always pleasant and sometimes even interesting."
The Boston Phoenix,40,"Apart from a lovely snare-drum loop on 'Recat' (annoyingly, all the tracks are called Re-something or other), this is barely even a head-nodding experience."

The Wire,90,"More than any other electronic producer of the past decade, Amon Tobin's music goes places. From start to finish, ISAM is an adventure through sound and actuated potential."
BBC Music,80,"Tobin's virtuoso collaging of alien sounds is bracingly vivid in small doses, but a little chilly and disorienting over the long haul. [Jun 2011, p.96]"
AllMusic,80,"ISAM plays out like the soundtrack to some bizarre nature documentary: it continually pauses, goes off in another direction, halts again, then sits unmoving for a time, as though Tobin had been musically ghosting the movements of a tiny insect traveling along a leaf."
Pitchfork,60,"ISAM's clusters aren't as advanced as Tobin might have you think, and only represent a monumental leap forward if you compare them to his trio of classic albums, all of which were recorded more than 10 years ago."
Under The Radar,60,"For those unwilling to ride his digital wave of collapse and partial reconstruction, Farmer's mythological re-enactments will seem essential."
Q Magazine,60,"At its best, ISAM enters the realm of pure abstraction without losing its sense of purpose."
Uncut,59,"He has the ideas: ISAM's pieces keep wandering into unmarked industrial zones, evoking broken things and blight. But this is heavy, foreboding music; Tobin hasn't yet learned how to balance his robust sound-art impulses with footholds for his listeners."

Mojo,80,"Far from a cynical money-maker, this is the unwieldy outfit that unanimously improves those essential runners: harder work to start with, but providing great rewards at the finish line."
Dusted Magazine,75,"XI Versions is electronic tiramisu--slightly unnecessary and a little showy, but wholly dynamic, and a fine finish to a satisfying main course."
Resident Advisor,70,"It might be an altogether superfluous release but when the music is as expertly crafted to begin with, it's a solid sensation for anyone to notice."
Mojo,70,"Black Noise was one of electronic music's recent highlights, and if XI Versions is by no means as essential to anyone's collection as Black Noise, but is a fine addition nonetheless."
The Quietus,70,"Hieroglyphic Being's unrecognizable, incongruously mechanical mix of 'Satellite Sniper' is the only real misstep (albeit a minor one), and all told this is one of the most rewarding remix albums in recent memory."
Dusted Magazine,65,"XI versions works best as a companion for smitten Black Noise fans, and it offers a couple of nice moments that Four Tet and Animal Collective completists might want to keep in their back pockets."
Pitchfork,60,"Black Noise was the most seductive techno album of last year, and it probably deserves better than this somewhat perfunctory remix comp. [May 2011, p.93]"
The Guardian,59,"Though the thesis of this remix album restricts remixers to only one album, the remixers limit themselves further, and seem afraid to do too much more than reaffirm certain dance touchstones already done away with by Weber himself. They've missed the sanctity for the structure."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),50,"It's an added complement to the previously released Black Noise, with each track taking on a life of its own. Remix albums can sometimes fail to really serve a mass audience. XI Versions is good, but a casual fan might take the title literally--and mute it out entirely."
PopMatters,40,"Fans of Pantha du Prince could be drawn in to hear how other artists interpret as the vital elements of his work, but many of them will leave XI Versions of Black Noise wondering why all these producers seem to think his music's so boring."
Uncut,37,"The pointlessness is grating. XI Versions' final three songs do show signs of life--Animal Collective, Walls, and Pantha himself manage to work up a buzz--but they can't compensate for time killers by Lawrence, Carsten, and Efdemin that make inoffensiveness offensive."

AllMusic,80,"With the addition of these elegant bent strings, it is as though perfumed air has been allowed to seep into what was formerly a hermetically sealed canister. This (now non-) trio's music is that much better for the enhancement. [May 2011, p.58]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"Horizontal Structures proves that this music has legs. You don't really need to know who is in this band, or what else they've done, to appreciate what they do. You just have to like your hefty sounds to come wrapped in plush space."
musicOMH.com,80,"It's all quietly dazzling, a sinuous fusion of jazz, dub, and techno that pulls from German, African, Jamaican, and Latin forms without the slightest hint of stuffiness."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Four square club rhythms are jettisoned in favour of a series of weirdly compelling sound collages, in which percussion and electronics combine together in natural and seemingly effortless improvisations."
Pitchfork,70,"Horizontal Structures is an album that is meant to be listened to front to back, which is the only way you could do it really.  When it's in danger of losing you, it pulls you back and makes you want to start the track over to find out how you got there."
BBC Music,70,"Reserved and mechanical as it is, Horizontal Structures is a very warm record. Von Oswald and his regulars soak the music in reverb and atmosphere."

The A.V. Club,83,"The gears that never quite mesh in this disquieting but hardly apocalyptic industrial ambient may be metal and may be plastic but are probably both."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"It is, in short, the sound of a group confidently, and unassumingly, re-defining its own universe."
Drowned In Sound,80,"It's largely downtempo  live drums and bass provide a roomy, dub-tinged framework for all the emergent noise  but treads a fine line between tension and chaos, right up to the quietly thrilling, systems-failure decay of the album's final moments. A hugely impressive rebirth."
AllMusic,80,"Slightly more upfront and extroverted than their early recordings, this album is still instantly recognizable, and fans who go back to their last Warp LP, Succour, might be surprised at how little has changed with Seefeel over 15 years."
Pitchfork,71,"This is serious sound art, and it evokes a now near-mythical pre-Recession time when experimental artists didn't feel the need to obliquely reference the outside world."
Uncut,70,"There are many beautiful instants here, but their relentless abstraction also harbours a lingering sense of decorative indulgence. [Feb 2011, p.54]"
cokemachineglow,70,"Trudging, lurching beats and sullenly deliberate riffs are heaped with distortion and distraction, and every so often Sarah Peacock's voice can be heard with possible explanations for the sonic wreckage."
Consequence of Sound,70,"Seefeel is nowhere near the mountainous masterpiece of BoC's best records, but it's pulled off with a respectable professionalism. Richard D James would be proud."
PopMatters,70,"Despite this not quite equalling the dizzy heights of their earliest recordings, there's an adventurous slake in its dysfunctional make-up to suggest this won't be the last time we hear from its evasive creators."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"Lacks the otherworldly impact of their 1990s releases, but well worth listening to."
The Wire,60,"Seefeel are definitely onto something new here, and it's worthy of the brand. [Feb. 2011, p. 73]"
Dusted Magazine,60,"Electronic outfit return after a decade and a half. [March 2011, p. 114]"
AllMusic,60,"The crashing waves of 'O-OnOne' immediately align the new-look Seefeel with the aggressive ambiance of Oneohtrix Point Never and Emeralds, while 'Airless,' Peacock's serene vocals are assailed by coarse filter sweeps and the squeals of busted circuitry. [Mar 2011, p.99]"
musicOMH.com,56,"Seefeel is a thorny album, a thicket of crackling guitars and faltering rhythms."

PopMatters,80,"Showing an impressive savvy in inviting perhaps unlikely artists to collaborate with them also leads to some of the record's highlights."
Pitchfork,80,"Immersion takes Pendulum further still from their roots. It offers more rock and more dance, but most importantly more fun. And when it's good, it's very good indeed."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),80,"Ultimately Immersion adds nothing new to the Pendulum experience, but still sees the band doing what they do best. Go immerse yourselves."
Dusted Magazine,68,"The nearly 68-minute length of Immersion works against it at times, but the aforementioned 'The Fountain' and the '80s-referencing 'Encoder' make it well worth reaching the end."
The Guardian,60,"Front to back, Immersion is pretty sturdy. But it also belies its title by not really plunging any real depths."
AllMusic,60,"Immersion certainly contains its share of crossover anthems--not to mention some palette-expanding diversions into dubstep and progressive trance territories--but they'll be better appreciated in a festival field than the front room. [Jul 2010, p.135]"
cokemachineglow,60,"There are still a little too many US FM radio pop-metal vocals, but happily there's also plenty of fierce, melody-laced drum & bass action that will please festivals and dancefloors the world over."
The Wire,60,"While it provides a fair amount of material for those who prefer either release, Immersion also stretch out here, leaning heavily toward industrial-style rock on a handful of tracks while veering toward metal on 'Self vs. Self.'"
The New York Times,40,"It's robotically humourless; imagine C3PO discovering ecstasy and synths and you're there."
musicOMH.com,40,"Immersion is less fun, harder work than In Silico. It feels like Pendulum are trying to be more than an anonymous CD you put on at a party when everyone's too boxed to DJ any more. They shouldn't."

Drowned In Sound,80,"Every track on here is solid, and that's a feat for an electronic dance duo who can lazily fall into easy repetition for people in clubs who just want a constant beat."
BBC Music,74,"If the results aren't necessarily the kind of up-front and accessible electro that would appeal to their 'Hustler'-adoring base, it's definitely an interesting shot at regrouping and concocting a few rapidly refined ideas."
Under The Radar,70,"Delicacies proves that this aging duo still have the fire in the belly of their hard drive."
Q Magazine,70,"Whipping up a surplus of creeping, insistent sophistication--climaxing with ping-ponging head-wrecker 'Aspic'--you can once again envisage techno overlords such as Sven Vath dropping SMD, rather than daytime radio DJs."
Uncut,60,"For a young, non-jaded Pantha Du Prince fan, though, this could resonate yet."
Pitchfork,60,"Delicacies lacks the pop craftsmanship and euphoric electro of Attack and the singular outstanding tracks of Temporary Pleasures, never attempting to introduce vocals to supplement their evident ability to create an intriguing techno dance track."

Alternative Press,91,"Not terribly beaty and almost never fast. Just the kind of weird background music that's guaranteed to engross whenever you lend it both ears."
BBC Music,80,"This extended incubation period has paid dividends. [Nov 2010, p.65]"
Rock Sound,80,"Eskmo is clearly a major talent, and if his muse takes him in odd and inscrutable directions, it's almost always worthwhile to follow and listen."
Billboard.com,70,"His throaty, gnarled vocals--best showcased on the meandering, Dilla-esque Cloudlight--lend his music a gothic mood. [Nov 2010, p.109]"
PopMatters,70,"Angelides may not make good on the initial promise of Cloudlight's fearless boundary pushing across the album's entirety, then. There is, though, sufficient mind-melting invention here."
Q Magazine,60,"His throaty, gnarled vocals--best showcased on the meandering, Dilla-esque Cloudlight--lend his music a gothic mood. [Nov 2010, p.109]"
The Telegraph (UK),60,"Put this album on in the background and the chances are it will create a nice chilled atmosphere; but that's it, really. And that's disappointing. There's no denying that Eskmo's construction methods are intriguing, but it lacks coherence."
AllMusic,50,"As a listener, you pretty much have Eskmo pegged by halfway, and it's disappointing that there aren't any sonic curveballs in the second half."
The Guardian,48,"Without much variety to spice it up, the overall sluggardly pace is energy-sapping. An album of the sort of tracks on which Eskmo earned his reputation might not have gone amiss before he ventured a more songwriterly statement, but there's no reason he can't regroup and pull that off yet."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"This album is like a drunk, stumbling around in the night. You can see potential, and the sight is entertaining. But a drunk's brand of amusement gets pretty old after a pretty short while."

PopMatters,80,"By the time that the closing track has concluded its schizophrenic barrage of drumming, the album has exhausted and enthralled its listeners, who will be ready to press rewind and live through it again."
Pitchfork,80,"The result is an improbably appealing melange of hyperslick R&B and musoid avant-Metal, where mid-1080s Radio Top Shop melodies nestle in the artful embrace of surgically enhanced riffola and soaring, pitchwheel punishing minimoog solos. [Nov 2010, p.65]"
Clash Music,80,"This new project--fronting a five-piece band made up of mystery members who apparently contacted him on spec--has reined in his more wayward tendencies with positive results. [Dec 2010, p.105]"
New Musical Express (NME),80,"What Shobaleader One does is strike a finer balance between the accessible and the surreal than pretty much all of Jenkinson's previous releases. It retains all the elements that are recognisably Squarepusher but manages to filter them through this newly polished lens and thrusts it into a new, invigorating stream of light."
Alternative Press,70,"All this adds up to a qualified success, but it will certainly split opinion among his fans."
musicOMH.com,60,"It's an excellent way for Jenkinson to branch out and try something different--his playing and programming is definitely up to his high standard--but aside from the sweet retro vibes, it's hardly a classic."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),60,"While fans of rebooted electro-boogie are probably better off seeking out Dam-Funk's excellent Toeachizown from last year, Shobaleader certainly has its endearingly eccentric moments."
The Wire,40,"Not for the first time, you find yourself wondering whether Squarepusher is taking the piss. [Dec 2010, p.113]"
AllMusic,40,"Shobaleader One's not tuneful enough to pass for pop, not funky enough to satisfy a club, and lacks the wildstyle (if sometimes infuriating) excess of Squarepusher's other records. Whether hard or soft, there's nothing here that you can't hear executed with more joie de vivre by a half-dozen Frenchmen."
Urb,30,"I wasn't fond of the Shobaleader One EP. It wasn't good. Shobaleader One: d'Demonstrator is no better."

BBC Music,80,"Eight satisfying songs of rhythm and groove later, Underworld pulls a fast one, yanking the cord with album finale 'Louisiana,' which features beautiful keys, languid vocals and a gentle, time-keeping beat that lulls listeners into the blissful ether."
Mojo,80,"With experiments in disco, dubstep and drum'n'bass all unmistakably Underworld, Barking is the sound of veterans re-energised. [Oct 2010, p."
musicOMH.com,80,"Thirty years into their collaboration, Underworld's Rick Smith and Karl Hyde continue to sit at the forefront of dance music innovation. Barking is just further proof that Underworld isn't going anywhere."
Dusted Magazine,76,"Even the forecast backlash from fans of the trance era can't dent Barking's relentless enthusiasm, and given the sufficient exposure and time, everyone should be able to party to it. It's just that for an Underworld album it sounds distinctly un-Underworld, and more like someone's asked Smith and Hyde to ghost-write a Now! compilation."
Pitchfork,76,"Where Underworld was once a dark foil to what was generally a culture of peace, love and hedonism, in these grim times, Barking is a relatively upper's affair, and something of a techno's-greatest-bits."
PopMatters,70,"They may not be sticking their necks out as pioneers now but it's not important --they are never less than themselves, and superficial quibbles aside this is the sound of musicians with nothing to prove and everything to give."
CMJ,70,"Underworld is freed up to focus on crafting memorable tunes that hark back to their electronica heyday, as well as more personal, coherent lyrics. Earnest emotions surprisingly suit these dance-floor surrealists."
The Wire,70,"The album can't sustain the energy of early tracks like 'Bird' and 'Scribble,' but while the blaze lasts, it's definitely worth warming yourself up on. [Oct 2010, p.120]"
Uncut,70,"Underworld's new album is distinctly Underworld, and has a greater cohesiveness than those previous two full lengths, as well as a greater appeal."
Drowned In Sound,60,"While each track sounds different to the one that preceded it, they all manage to fit together as a coherent whole. Barking is still a credible effort and a pleasant listen, but it is also unremarkable and, had it been released by artists whose fame didn't precede them, it probably would not have made any waves."
musicOMH.com,60,"As it stands though, Barking is a mostly-solid album let down by a couple of weak links."
AllMusic,60,"Although this is hardly Underworld at their finest, the duo's songwriting fits the mainstream productions and results in a solid dance album for the 2010s--music for aging-raver activities like driving cars, pushing swings, or jogging on treadmills."
BBC Music,60,"The duo have remained one of the few constants in UK dance music. [Oct 2010, p.120]"
Q Magazine,59,"So Barking stays the course, with the added prospect of a fitter, happier Underworld on the horizon. It's about time."
Pitchfork,50,"This collaboration-heavy eighth album tends to fail when it experiments."
PopMatters,50,"Despite its title, Barking is, in some ways, the most tuneful Underworld album yet, which isn't saying a lot."
CMJ,50,"Overall, Barking is a hit-and-miss situation. [Summer 2010, p.89]"
Uncut,40,"This time Karl Hyde and Rick Smith team up with a revolving cast of dance producers (Appleblim, Al Tourettes, High Contrast), hoping one of the many approaches to rock-meets-techno will again produce a bankable hit. Surprise! That doesn't happen."

Urb,80,"With O, Markus Pop has reinvented Oval using new techniques to produce a challenging sound world that's simultaneously exhausting and fascinating."
cokemachineglow,80,"So even though Popp's new sound palette seems like a step back, the way he uses it is as au courant as an oil-soaked pelican. O is not a retro move, but the work of an artist dealing with the now."
Filter,80,"The music has a thoughtful, reflective quality in spite of its brevity. Popp claims he is not an 'anti-musician', and given the lush, enveloping atmosphere of much of O, his claim seems fair. He is, however, very much anti-convention."
BBC Music,70,"Although the music came out of a computer, it's decidedly unmechanical. Loops and metronomic repetitions are far outnumbered by impulses and spasms, stops and starts. Each track could be a separate Petri dish, testing how selected musical organisms interact."
Spin,70,"The big difference on this two-disc set, however, is the occasional, recognizable drum pattern, mostly snare strikes or cymbal crashes, that give the rest of the music a wider dynamic range."
Alternative Press,70,"Popp has once again authored a unique and compelling work. How you decide to sort through it and work it into your own life is up to you."
PopMatters,68,"It's lovely, it's pleasantly unsettling, and there's a hell of a lot of it."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Once again, the limits of music and musicianship are foregrounded in Popp's relentless pursuit of the horizon afforded by a particular disposition of limits: the limits of imagination, of technology, of process, the organic and the inorganic."
musicOMH.com,60,"At 70 tracks, O is bloated, and the differences between songs and discs are so slight as to not much matter, though they do exist."
AllMusic,55,"Popp sounds as if he's having a ten-year-old argument with himself, and though he's certainly earned the right to make the point that this argument still holds currency, O is less than convincing."

Q Magazine,100,"The lyrical immediacy and intimacy lift Black City leagues above much of the disassociated drivel that's labeled vocal house."
Pitchfork,100,"The cumulative results of his efforts are a masterpiece both dark and striking. Dear is putting forth an open invitation to tour these shadowed places of his imagination, and this is one offer too good to miss."
New Musical Express (NME),90,"It's predictably brilliant; another display of Dear's dazzling musical imagination."
The A.V. Club,85,"Black City is his thesis on how he's capable of delivering a dark, lustful album just as easy as he can mine more bubbly, melodic sounds. Beyond this, he's delivered one of the more cohesive and thematically sound albums of the year so far."
Under The Radar,84,"The production is as inventive and immersive as ever, but what separates this album from the last is that Dear mostly sticks with one theme all the way through."
NOW Magazine,83,"Black City overall is lean and upbeat, and Dear's gift for making an arrangement jump within snug confines continues to evolve."
BBC Music,80,"It's the sort of album which reaches back and forward in equal measure, applying what's known about past songwriting to invigorate the present day."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Black City is the devil leering over Asa Breed's shoulder, a seedy, dirty place--but a fascinating one, too. [Sep 2010, p.99]"
musicOMH.com,80,"Black City doesn't reveal all its treasures on the first spin. Or the second. Matthew Dear, now more than ever, rewards you for devoted listening, with vocal tracks, minor melodies, and atmospheric shimmers that lay buried, waiting to be found."
The New York Times,80,"The lyrics themselves--overstocked with darkness, paranoia, and bodily fluids--are as indecipherable as the vocals are buried. They're scene-setters. It's the death-disco groove that intoxicates and defines this City."
AllMusic,80,"That Black City is Dear's most creative and individual album is not, however, up for debate."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Dear's tempos here are mostly slow, never rising above moderate, and the result is an anxious but exhilarating journey through the night."
Pitchfork,80,"That a curdled, unifying groove undulates throughout this perverse collection is testament to Dear's abundant skills. [Sep 2010, p.91]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"An assemblage of electro-pop, affecting melodies and Dear's sonorous voice, Black City variously recalls Talking Heads, LCD Soundsystem and The Magnetic Fields. [Sept. 2010, p. 114]"
PopMatters,70,"He continues to chart new territory, using his latest album to highlight sonic textures and what they seem to suggest about a metaphorical city. Working within those constraints, he's captured the nuance of living in many real cities and, in so doing, has crafted one of the stronger releases you'll hear this year."
cokemachineglow,70,"It's sonically peculiar, coolly melodic, relentlessly detailed and, frequently, exhilarating."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"Not surprisingly, disorientation is his leitmotif, and it can border on the oppressive, especially given his blunt limitations as a singer (and his habit of multitracking himself across two or more octaves). But the bass lines and beats sound great, and the passing textures--robotic percussion, synthesizer drones, sampled sounds--feel right, and carefully determined."
Urb,70,"The resulting record is, given time to grow on you, really rather loveable. Like someone taking all of your favourite Eighties 12-inches, remastering them and making you your own extra special mixtape."
Clash Music,70,"A firmer grasp of his limited range would have been welcome (i.e., 'I Can't Feel'), but the N.Y.C. artist still manages to peek further out from his twitchy drum machines like an impish agent of darkness."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Throughout there is an attention to detail, to little tics and tricks in the mix, that make this a treat for listeners who still wear headphones. But mostly it's music for defunct--or, rather, Defunkt--nightclubs."
Pitchfork,50,"In the end, Dear has successfully turned a tense, eerie mood into songs. They just aren't songs most people will feel like hearing."
Paste Magazine,40,"It's another misfire with a handful of great moments that point to something better."
Delusions of Adequacy,40,"The production on Black City feels thin, particularly compared to what Dear is capable of--as, fatally, does the songwriting; tracks putter along aimlessly without ever reaching anywhere interesting."

Mojo,80,"Endless Falls' mix of old and new maintains Morgan's reputation as one of the most consistent, and consistently interesting, producers out there."
PopMatters,80,"Morgan is back with Loscil's fifth album, the somber Endless Falls, his most austere and least cluttered album yet."
Village Voice,80,"Endless Falls is the most complete version of Morgan's vision for Loscil to date. It's an album that's easy to get lost in after a few cursory wanders into the ether, where the amalgamation of barely-musical sounds sucks you in and seems to produce something different every time."
AllMusic,80,"There are depths to Endless Fall, sure, but they're not empty depths. As Bejar's personal-crisis-and/or-aesthetic-manifesto monologue makes clear, the brain behind Loscil's music is just as active and vital as what it produces."
musicOMH.com,77,"What's interesting isn't that an ambient record has suddenly introduced vocals, which is nothing new, or that these vocals are used exclusively for talking rather than singing, which isn't particularly surprising. What's really important is what this talking is totally, explicitly about: rather than just hinting at atmospheres and moods, vaguely suggesting a concept which can be seized upon as the thematic core of the music, Loscil provides what is literally an explanation of an album, which in turn makes the album about the act of its explanation."
Uncut,75,"Sometimes conceptual ambient albums can feel a bit forced-- Klimek's recent film-centric Movies Is Magic comes to mind-- but here the theme works hand-in-hand with the music."
Q Magazine,70,"While Endless Falls and its predecessor created an organic sound by including improvised contributions from a small ensemble, the string and piano contributions here stand with classical seriousness."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"There's a sort of imposed solipsism here, when tones sometimes seem to have different throb rates depending on the listener's caffeine intake. But Morgan himself is absolutely aware of, and screwing around with, conventions, assumptions, and expectations."

New Musical Express (NME),100,"I think its safe to say that Weber is putting his strengths into fine use and, with Black Noise, its utterly fantastic."
The New York Times,95,"The third full-length from Hendrick Weber maintains the high quality of previous efforts while pushing certain elements of his shoegaze-y, minimal-inspired techno sound further."
Drowned In Sound,90,"Black Noise manages to navigate the tightrope of expectation and creative vision with aplomb. Its rich and meaty, the kind of album you can really get to know over a long period of time."
Filter,90,"This is a special album, make no doubt about it, casting its spell as it makes both a moving memorial and an example of raw talent. If techno with a soul is what you're after, then look no further than this."
BBC Music,83,"At 70 minutes, Black Noise is a big, dense listen but also the kind of album that rewards investment."
The A.V. Club,80,"However precious his choice of sounds might be, Black Noise nonetheless impresses for its forward-thinking and even robust approach to contemporary dance music."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Mostly, though, these elegant orchestrations of techno beats and sinuous, looped melodies suggest an aural equivalent to time-lapse photography  and seem equally revealing of our world."
The Guardian,80,"2009 has seen the emergence and critical success of other techno-pop bands, including The xx and Fever Ray, and Pantha du Prince plays into exactly this sort of intelligent, thoughtful, and in many ways uplifting music."
AllMusic,80,"Black Noise can't help but feel ever so slightly like a letdown after the consistently mesmerizing rapture of its predecessor. But make no mistake: Weber is still making some of the most enchanting electronica out there, and if this album brings him the increased exposure for which he seems well-poised, there are few producers more deserving."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"The use of reverberant instruments such as marima, bells and steel drums--as well as, on 'Stick To My Side,' the ethreal vocals of Noah 'Panda Beear' Lennox--give a real depth to his ambitious productions, and yet despite the elemental yearning, they retain a clubby toughness. Breth-taking stuff. [Mar 2010, p.90]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"Its minimal techno made by someone in love with nature; dance music that should be narrated by David Attenborough  it's also what gives the album its beautiful spark of originality."
PopMatters,80,"Black Noise is something worth delving into. It is something intensely personal and emotionally gray, but its also grounded, accessible enough to welcome you inside."
cokemachineglow,80,"It is not at all clear where you are heading when you board, and it becomes less and less important as the journey progresses, beauty on all sides, comfortably lost in the violet noise (more appropriate than black) suffusing everything at hand."
Pitchfork,80,"By melting away the distinctions between one sound and the next, Weber pronounces that hes far more interested in affect than effect. Here he also notes that he shares perhaps more in common with the shoegazers than the beat architects. Yet, this mush of sound, sweet as it may sometimes be, may be the albums only major impediment, as it can at times dull the impact of certain songs or passages."
Dusted Magazine,76,"With Black Noise the trance is too sporadic to even really exist, which does make it a much more appropriate record for a casual listen--but sometimes a listener just wants to get utterly lost."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"After this striking highlight ['Stick to My Side'] Black Noise glides into a slight lull that persists through the Underworld-like fidget of 'Satellite Snyper' and the disappointingly anonymous electro house of 'Behind the Stars,' which shows that when Weber promotes rhythm ahead of melody the effect can be underwhelming. Its with the albums final trio that things return to the high standard of the first half."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"Thankfully, the rest of Black Noise manages to maintain an elegant balance of the concrete and the ephemeral."
XLR8r,70,"On his third full-length, Weber keeps the beats crisp but more varied, conjuring steamy pipes (on 'The Splendour,' featuring !!!'s Tyler Pope), wind chimes (the twinkling 'Bohemian Forest'), and a bullet train ('Welt Am Draht')."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Black Noise is slightly busier than Pantha du Princes sublime This Bliss (Dial) from 2007, a pensive, slender and tough album that remains his high-water mark."
musicOMH.com,60,"Where ['The Bliss'] bubbled and spat like hot fat, its meticulous construction overflowing with polyrhythms, Black Noise seems disjointed and overlong even though it runs for roughly the same duration."

Pitchfork,90,"The secret to Garnier's accessibility lies in his ability to locate fresh specific sounds and organize them sparsely atop the existing framework of electronic dance music."
Slant Magazine,90,"An artist this gifted uses his skills to make music, not cling to style. While the familiar 808s and 909s of techno are rife on Unreasonable Behaviour, the music covers breakbeat, jazz, techno, beat noir, and even hints at Brazilian rhythms."
The Guardian,90,"Unreasonable Behaviour is far from an easy listen. While Garnier is usually highly accessible, here he deviates in favor of a record much more tempestuous, menacing and genre-pushing -- all of which, though foreboding, is wholly more gratifying."
Clash Music,80,"His latest album manages to find a middle ground between mindless crowd-pleasing and progressive sound manipulation.... Unreasonable Behaviour is obviously Garnier's attempt to push the creative envelope, with entirely satisfying results."
AllMusic,80,"Though nominally house music, Unreasonable Behavior's tracks expend as much energy on engaging the listener's mind as they do on moving the body. [Dec 2000, p.86]"
Uncut,80,"The Parisian has lost his cool, let rip, taken his metaphorical shirt off, and it sounds liberating."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"More complex and idiosyncratic than his previous full-length works (and much less danceable as a consequence), Unreasonable Behaviour focuses on midtempo jams in the verge between evocative techno, electro-jazz, and even melancholy synth-pop. If 1997's 30 was his Chicago album, this one is definitely the Detroit installment..."
Sputnikmusic,75,"His sound has grown, and his latest unleashes acoustic bass, free-jazzy horns, and assorted birds in a rugged electro-soundscape. [10/20/2000, p.79]"
Prefix Magazine,70,"Unreasonable Behavior is a dark techno melange that wriggles free of categorization... Garnier exploits the stylistic atomization of electronica, bringing together a whole palette of sounds to evoke one very specific thing: dread."
PopMatters,70,"An album of gloomy, almost gothic techno splendour. Beneath its typically sleek, urbane deep house grooves, it beats nervously with foreboding, fear and loathing for humanity as a whole."

