8,"A very nice, smooth listen. Nothing quite tops the joy of 'In Your Car' but the sounds are precise and engaging throughout. Great background/reading music",0,0,"Jun  1, 2016"
8,"This Album feels like a real emotional roller coaster during my first listen. 'Metal Bird' starts the album out pretty energetic and fun along with the next few songs. Such as, 'Chiba Nights' which is a really fun and a great tune to dance to! Then it starts to change once you get to 'Song For a Dead Friend'. A feeling of heavy weight starts to fill up the album and the weight seems to get heavier as the album goes on until the album ends with 'Your Good Times are Just Beginning' which definitely lifts up the mood of the album, but not to where the heightened feeling was at the start. Overall a really awesome album! I gave it an 8/10 because their we're some songs I felt to repetitive or the structure felt off to me.",0,0,"May 27, 2016"
8,"Liked this album, some really good songs on it. Would recommend it to some friends, if they were into techno. Fabric 87 is definitely worth a listen if you're into electronica.",0,0,"Jul 24, 2016"
7,"Elasticity is a solid techno album by A Sagitturn. None of the tracks are bad, Telescopium is an intense standout. Slow Dive is a nice chill techno number.",0,0,"Jul 24, 2016"
9,"Underworld's work is, at the same time, both iconic and underrated. Most people know the British electronica duo as the authors of the 'Trainspotting' theme a landmark in EDM and rave culture, but care to see well beyond this particular piece. Outlandish. 'Barbara Barbara, we face a shining future' proves once again that the band's talent is unlimited, and adds a whole new set of great songs to their repertoire. Songs which prove that, at almost 60 years-old, both Rick Smith and Karl Hyde aren't outdated. No. They are very much alive and up-to-date, despite continuing on with an eclectic formula that started back in 1993, with 'Dubnobasswithmyheadman'. Of course, having aged and survived dark times (check out Consequence of Sound's interview with Karl Hyde), the duo's sound has had a few trade-offs: less raw energy, more focused brilliance (e.g. 'If Rah' and 'Low Burn'); less boisterous beats, more mellow notes (e.g. 'Ova Nova' and 'Nylon Strung'). Nonetheless, it is still quintessential Underworld, at its finest. Calling a recent album 'a timeless piece of art that will endure the test of time' may seem a little misplaced, even reckless. This is not the case: 'Barbara Barbara, we face a shining future' will certainly achieve it. See you in ten years!",1,2,"Mar 18, 2016"
6,"Unfortunately Underworld lost their energy. Its a soft album. The thing that fascinated me, which used to be the energy mixed with hypnotic states, is no longer here. A Hundred Days Off was already less powerful. Barking was definitely one step down for me. Too 'melodic'. I hope they can come back to 'the good old days'. Still have hope. Despite this, I will listen to Barbara more carefully. I might be wrong...",0,4,"Mar 21, 2016"
0,"A real disappointment! Each song sounds the same, all in the same dreary tempo. It's amazing that the same band that released Beaucoup fish and other amazing albums has written this sleeper.",0,1,"May 30, 2016"
10,"My real rating is an 8, but I've given a 10 to counteract the rubbish '1' in red that some idiot gave this.  This album isn't in the same league as Toughest in the Infants, and and there aren't the same wow-level earworms like Slippy or Pearl's Girl, but it is much better than anything that came afterwards and I can easily see 'I Exhale' featured in the opening credits of Danny Boyle's sequel to Trainspotting.  It's coming, and we all know it would be incomplete without an Underworld montage.  This album is both immediately satisfying and a grower.  EDM needs more 'intellectual' artistry, and this carries that torch.",0,0,"Mar 29, 2016"
9,"This album is beautiful electronica. Each track shimmers and shines with grace and poise. It's awesome that musicians who've been recording this long (35 years if you include Freur) can still come up with such amazing, original, inspiring music.",0,0,"Jul 17, 2016"
8,"The Orb are one of those bands, you know? They've been around forever, but if you ask most people if they know anything about them, you get blank stares. It's not because they aren't talented, but they never reached Aphex, Prodigy, even Underworld level popularity with people outside of the Electronic/Ambient scene. It's a shame, this, probably their best album in a while; I think their 13th, in so many years, is mature and a great listen. The production is tight, the elements all arranged well, and really it has great pacing. I'm listening to 'Moon Scapes 2703 BC' as I write this and the whole thing is a great pseudo-ambient deep house track with a lot to listen to.
Not sure if this is for everyone, but I'll keep coming back to it.",0,0,"Aug 31, 2015"
8,"Andy Stott maintains what he has created in his previous album, Luxury Problems, but this time he focuses even more on ambient industrial sounds and rhythms. Though fantastically produced, the record may seem a bit claustrophobic or excessively charged or oppressed at times to be fully enjoyed.",0,0,"May  7, 2016"
8,"This album is ambient candyfloss! What I mean by this is its there, OMG is it there yet it floats away if you let it out the bag. For me this is up there with one of the best albums of 2014.
If you like jaunty strolls contained within the headspace of your cans whilst giving your chosen surroundings the most melancholy yet simultaneously enchanting pings n tings n things look now further.
Highly recommended loveliness.",0,0,"Nov 30, 2014"
9,"The sounds are perfectly blended and layered in the Manchester producer's album. Absolute IDM perfection. Best tracks are Damage and Violence. One of the best IDM albums of the last 10 years.",0,0,"Nov 22, 2014"
9,"absolutely stunning album, contender for album of the year and should be in all the top lists for 2014 imo.
it's a fantastic progression from his very good last lp 'luxury problems'. on faith in strangers he has diversified his sound and taken it in different directions with amazing results.
brooding, chilling, emotional and blissful.",0,0,"Dec  2, 2014"
6,"Faith In Strangers arrives two years on from Luxury Problems, an album that had 'the inspired feeling of an artist truly finding his footing,' according to a review by RA's Will Lynch.",0,0,"Dec  3, 2014"
7,"This could be the best tech-house album in five years. Some tracks are impressively dark and  smooth but it lacks uniformity. It takes too much to get from one great part of the album to thew other, specifically from what I believe to be the best track, 'It's through,' to 'Cruel intentions.' Together with Peaking Lights' and Caribou's latest works, this album it's some of the best electronic music of the year.",0,0,"Dec  5, 2014"
8,"Expansive and wonderful music, that easily holds its own against 2014s other notable competitors. It offers more variety than Aphex Twin's Syro, while being more daring than Arca's Xen. Each track has its own cosmic energy, with the album's strengths being most apparent in both the first three tracks and the last three tracks.",1,1,"Nov 27, 2014"
7,"Clark is an English surname in the English language, ultimately derived from the Latin clericus meaning 'scribe', 'secretary' or a scholar within a religious order, referring to someone who was educated. Clark evolved from 'clerk'. First records of the name are found in 12th century England. The name has many variants.",0,1,"Dec  3, 2014"
10,"Lets be honest Drukqs was a bit alienating though it did a good job convincing me he was a total musical genius.  This is at least 5 times better than I was expecting.  Ive listened to about 4 of his albums this was probably my favorite! It just has everything: Peace, madness, Fun, Energy you name it! Richard D. James may be my favorite album but trust me this compares!  ALBUM OF THE YEAR",6,6,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"This album already sounds better than any electronic music that I can recall from memory. It is perfect in every way and shows the world that Aphex Twin really is an innovator of his genre. Speaking bluntly, this album is flawless. I am now very hopeful of whatever he releases next.",5,5,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Good albums sound good on first listen. So do truly great ones.. but while a decent album fades into boredom or over familiarity, the great ones get better with each listen..new details become apparent, melodies that had before passed by unnoticed become orgasmic.... the only other album I remember growing on me like this is In Rainbows...Honestly, I was underwhelmed upon first listen ing to syro...a few weeks later and it is in my all time top 10... Enjoy the ear candy for a couple spins, and let syro grow...it is a beautiful work..trippy, funky beautiful and unique..Thank you mr. James, for sharing your music with me.",3,3,"Oct  7, 2014"
10,"Syro is definitely the work of a Genius. Very intriguing beats and melodies integrated with a masterful use of harmony. The originality of his work is noticeable even to the non-trained ear.",2,2,"Oct 24, 2014"
4,"This album is more of the same thing you've heard for the last 25 years with only a few interesting synth tones invented for it. Squarepusher albums always turns out slightly better than these attempts. There is little content left to put into an album of this genre. Aphex Twin is just a bunch of tones and notes slammed together. Each Aphex Twin release keeps getting worse and this confirms it. I'm not sure how people call themselves fans. If they can sit down and enjoy this work, I'd be surprised. Its pretty abstract if you are not familiar with electronic music, but to those who are, and have been for the last 25 years, this is just vanilla.",3,4,"Oct  5, 2014"
4,"Either you like or you don't - unless you're well into electronica and you can actually discern what's good and what's bad. Aphex Twin is the ultimate guru for some, and I respect that, but calling Syro 'accessible' is far-fetched to say the least. It's a shame this album is probably going to be hailed as a masterpiece without critics even finishing listening to it, just because of his name on the cover.
I personally didn't find it spectacular, and, to be honest, I'm tempted to say that any musician, given some fancy equipment, could have done this (or better) in 13 years. I do not think Syro is better than Drukqs at all: at least the latter was a proof of concept and managed to be pioneering. Anyway, I recognize the relevance of Mr James, and to the ones saying 'This is so much better than mainstream edm' I can only say... Duh.",2,3,"Oct  9, 2014"
10,"Music is my everything. I first decided to check out Aphex Twin due to Radiohead being so into his music. The new album is definitely a joy and a breath of fresh air in a scene full of stale copycats. I love innovative music and quality electronic music.",2,3,"Sep 26, 2014"
10,"Music is pretty much my life. I can't go a day without listening to music. I'm just so tired of crappy mainstream EDM songs, so listening to this album is not only a breath of fresh air, but also a great comeback. It's not as noisy as some of his older stuff, but it's probably my favorite Aphex Twin album. The disharmonies... sometimes it sounds like you're listening to several songs at once. Now, that might sound messy, but it actually works. It's extremely exciting and reminds me that electronic music still has potential in places I thought were dead.",11,17,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"A great return for the most important figure in the history of electronic music. It took me a few listens to absorb, but now I really enjoy it. There's nothing else out there that sounds like it.",4,7,"Sep 23, 2014"
10,"Great return as 'Aphex Twin', the industry won't know wtf this is but the reviews speak for themselves, thank **** for warp records :)
Nothing so new here but every song constantly keeps you engaged and is enjoyable and danceable, aswel as of course being a mind****, it's like the track all falls apart then bits smash and collide together creating awesome, organised chaos!",4,7,"Sep 24, 2014"
9,"The new Aphex Twin had an impact similar to Kid A on the indiescene on me. First, i doubted if this was the comeback i was dreaming of. But than, at the second listen already, the record came in like a thunderbolt. To me, it's clear that this album isn't as experimental as his previous ones, but that isn't a bad thing to me. I feel like AT did his thing on this album, but better. Together with Caribou, definitely my most celebrated electronic album of 2014. The soundscapes on this masterpiece are from another dimension. Influences from soul, drum 'n bass, early house and in minority some other genres, all blend in for a mixture of the best electronic artwork and non-club electronic album of the year, and maybe even of this decade so far.",4,8,"Sep 23, 2014"
9,"This album is the t*ts I got it in vinyl and 24-bit WAV and I'll tell you it is mindblowing how much this guy can pack into one song. This guy must be an alien there is no other explanation. He goes a little off-course with some really wild beats but he pays homage to who he is and that's a guy who redefines himself every time he releases a new album. I will tell you though this feels like his most complete work after his second album Selected Ambient Works 85-92. Anyone who could give this album a bad rating doesn't understand the genius that is coming from these 'organic' electronic sounds as best as I could describe it.",3,6,"Sep 25, 2014"
10,"I am absolutely blown away. I knew Richard was a good musician but this was something else. So powerful, so energetic bit at the same time just so beautiful. You need to hear this record, you need to feel this record.. buy it now!",2,4,"Sep 26, 2014"
9,"Aphex had a lot of time to  play around with his collection of synths and it shows. I agree with The Independent (UK)'s line saying it's 'overdosing somewhat on staccato, bouncing synth twangs and jittery drumnbass beats.' But this is where the magic happens. In those seemingly random song phase are some neatly crafted and arranged sounds that make it sound like you're listening to a song inside a song.",1,2,"Sep 23, 2014"
3,"After scraping away the layer upon layer of hype and actually listening to this record I can honestly say I disliked it immensely.  It was boring, repetitive, soulless and annoying.  Those 'organic' synth sounds mostly sound like ****  I get that this guy is a 'genius' and disliking him or EDM in general is not a popular opinion to have at the moment, but goddammit, this music sucks.  It doesn't move me at all and I don't connect on a human level.",4,9,"Oct  1, 2014"
10,"The master returns.  The first couple of listens I was a bit disappointed, but on my fifth listen it completely sunk in.  You have here one of the best electronic albums you will hear this decade.",1,5,"Sep 24, 2014"
2,"All the crtics who gave it a 9 or 10 -- I bet they never listen to the album again. The easiest thing in the world is to create sounds, adding fx, tweaking tweakin... but placing many sounds together does not make a song. So what if there are lots of 'ideas' in a track if there is very little cohesion. Not sure why it's seen as genius... it sounds to me like a lot of indulgent noodling. Maybe it's simply ear relief compared to recent EDM. But 'Hey this is a cool effect on the drums, hey so's this, and this, lemme put em all together' does not make for intriguing, or sustained listening. Imagine improv jazz mixed with elevator muzak, with outdated synth sounds but some production skillz, and you have this album.",1,11,"Dec  8, 2014"
8,"Syro is a good album. The production is great and it's refined. It lacks of new ideas, since AT made a safe record, with influences from his first records. In Syro he is summarizing all what he had done in the past.",0,0,"Oct 13, 2014"
9,"I think this album may top Selected Ambient Works 85-92 as Aphex Twin's greatest album. It is complex, varied, interesting, well-paced, and mesmerizing. Most of the tracks are worth listening to completely. You will always find some new feature each time. I love the use of some vintage-sounding synths that could've come from Daft Punk's Short Circuit. However, my one main issue with this LP is that it seems to be stuck in limbo between visceral and cerebral. I'm not sure if I'm supposed to emotionally connect with these tracks, or simply be amazed by their complexity. Overall, though, great record. Favorite track: CIRCLONT6A [141.98][syrobonkus mix]",0,0,"Jan  4, 2015"
10,"An amazing electronic/ ambient-techno / IDM  by Aphex Twin.
FAV TRACKS:
- Minipops 67
- XMAS_EVET 10
- Produk 29
- Cirlont6A
- Cirlont14
- Syro u473t8+E
- S950tx16wasr10",0,0,"Jan  2, 2015"
8,"There is so much going on in Richard David James' head, it's really just an assault on the senses for an hour here - but that's in no way a bad thing. James is in so many ways different to the EDM, IDM and Techno music we've become settled with - it's just absorbing to listen to.",0,0,"Nov  2, 2014"
8,"Richard D. James, alias Aphex Twin, aura pris 4748 jours pour sortir son premier projet sous ce pseudonyme depuis linfme Drukqs (2001). Celui que plusieurs considrent comme le pre de la musique lectronique moderne nous offre sans aucun doute son uvre la plus accessible. Syro est dfinitivement son disque le plus abouti, mlant la complexit et la nostalgie assume des annes 1990.
Dans la forme, Syro est conu sur un modle plus raisonn, calcul. James a opt pour une approche alternative o il respecte une ligne directrice durant ses 12 pices. Caractris par labsence de dsquilibre musical, Aphex Twin fait soigneusement revivre ses origines lectroniques. Syro est authentique au style perfectionn par le compositeur irlandais: une affirmation de la maitrise de son genre.
Ce qui frappe, initialement, cest laxe de lalbum orient vers la dcouverte du monde particulier de James. Luvre merveilleusement mixe se dfinit par la cohrence de ses lignes de basses, des ses mlodies sophistiques et par son rythme acclr. Syro offre un voyage dans le dtail, exprience procure par le gnie dAphex Twin. Lartiste sest mme permis dajouter quelques incomprhensibles partitions vocales, une bricole quil na que trs rarement inclus dans ses productions antrieures. Flirtant avec des sonorits no-jazz et les atmosphres technos teintes dinfluences funk, lesthtique de lalbum repose particulirement dans le souci de magnanimit et de grandeur.  Lalbum est opaque sans tre touffant. Les initis sy retrouveront facilement alors que les nouveaux venus pourront sy perdre avec plaisir.
Aphex Twin
Courtoisie Aphex Twin
La puissance de Syro rside dans loriginalit de son traitement des sons. Le crateur a utilis plus de 70 instruments, dont plusieurs dune autre poque: mlangeurs, synthtiseurs, logiciels, botes  rythmes et autres compresseurs. Fait trange: la liste de tous les outils utiliss ainsi que le cot total de lalbum est inscrite  lintrieur de lalbum. Selon Ian Anderson, responsable de la conception visuelle de Syro, la diffusion de cette liste raconte  lauditeur tout et rien  propos de sa cration qui se veut probablement son accomplissement le plus personnel, comme le tmoigne la dernire portion (Aisatasana 102) de lalbum. Pice compose uniquement dune magnifique mlodie au piano avec le chant des oiseaux en arrire-plan, rappelant vaguement sa plus que copie pice April 14th. Dans les faits, Syro reste luvre dun homme mystrieux, uvrant seul dans un monde qui, dsormais, lui appartient. Sans surestimer quoi que ce soit, Aphex Twin nous offre un splendide retour  avec plus  venir.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2015"
10,"An amazing electronic album by Aphex Twin. It's amazzzzingg.. :)
From beginning to end.. it's awesome! :)
Try it out if you haven't heard it yet! :)",0,0,"Apr  9, 2015"
9,"You wont find anything like this anywhere in the entire electronic genre. This guy just paved the way for Skrillex, Deadmau5, Guetta, etc to try and catch up to Richard's ability for the next ten years. There are so many pin-point focused sounds and beat-breaks that he probably spent his entire 13 years of solitude working on Syro. Aphex's best since SAW2? I think so",0,0,"Jun 25, 2016"
9,"This is one of the best albums of 2014, Zammuto is the true cream of life this day and age. No matter what any music critic says online, Zammuto is a band that transcends petty internet jargon and offers us all a deep look inside a true musicians heart and soul.",0,0,"Sep  4, 2014"
9,"Not sure how Nick Zammuto keeps doing it after a decade and half, but this album is a perfect continuation of his music catalog. It touches on every emotion you can think of. You can listen to it quietly in the comfort of your headphones, or listen to it as background music while chilling with friends; the ultimate in road trip music. This band KILLS live too! Bravo!",0,0,"Sep  4, 2014"
10,"Wow, wow, wow...this album is amazing. It's so refreshing to hear something that sounds so smooth while being so intricate .  One of my favorite tracks is 'Good Graces'. He adds the vocals of Daniela Gesundheit, from the group 'Snow Blink' , as a beautiful surprise at the end. The song  literally just pulled me in. This album is highly recommended.",0,0,"Sep  5, 2014"
7,"After Scintilli - a difficult and unwelcoming masterpiece of an album, full of depth and expressive anarchy - Reachy Prints sounds positively simple: it is full of pleasant and uncluttered song structures, lush synths, typically Plaid-ish chiming melodies. The subtle and dark undercurrent that has always lurked beneath the surface layer of beautiful counterpoint and the wistful playfulness, is still there, to be sure, but the emphasis this time is on minimalism and impressionism, rather than maximalism and expressionism (which arguably reached its apex in the previous album). The album sounds more Monet than Picasso, if you catch my drift - although it ultimately sounds unmistakably IDM. At its best, it sounds like a return to the lush sounds of Double Figure and the playful simplicity of the very first Plaid albums, mixed with a bit of Boards of Canada (such as 'Hawkmouth' and 'Wallet'). There are even a few less pop-friendly tracks, like the wonderful and weird 'Ropen'. Spicing up the mix are a couple of cool beat-heavy tracks, like the pseudo-afrobeat banger 'Slam' and the robot-disco 'Matin Lunaire.'
This is by no means a bad album, just a bit disappointing after the extremely inventive and futuristic Scintilli, which pushed the boundaries of electronic music. But maybe they just needed a break from complexity? An average Plaid album is still a pretty good electronic music album by any other standard.",1,1,"May 29, 2014"
10,"This time round an effing delight. Yes perhaps not the boundary breaker that they've had with some more recent releases, but for me, it's right on song. Cheers Gents, I've waited but it's been worth it, thank you.",0,0,"May 28, 2014"
9,"While it certainly does not have tracks as remarkable as they used to produce back in the old days (Not for Threes ;), Rest Proof Clockwork), it is a pretty solid album from start to finish. As Allmusic's review of Rest Proof Clockwork says: 'The element that puts them far, far ahead of every other beatminer out there is a growing sense of spirit that lets the machines do the singing.', 15 years later they have not lost this quality.",0,0,"Dec 14, 2015"
6,"This album is kinda beautiful but not enough. It is mostly made of sharp harsh sounds that have been smoothed over during production. The most colourful and pretty track of the album is the title track, Bcs. It is similarly harsh, though, it has a nicer chord progression that adds more character to it. I probably wouldn't bother telling anyone about this album unless someone was looking for something unusual that's not typical to their taste. Kinda dystopian sounding.",0,5,"May 26, 2014"
9,"Love it. One long sweet mix with some really really nice changes in tempo. Different form their album Fin. This is more akin to a BBC essential mix . Plug in the headphones and enjoy.",0,0,"Apr  7, 2014"
8,"Like it's predecessor, it's an album that is very rewarding; if you are patient. It has very long tracks, but they immerse you in a wonderful world of atmospheric minimalism created by The Field. The entire album, and the title track in particular, have cemented Willner's place in the electronic music scene.",0,0,"Oct  8, 2013"
7,"The return of this excellent band is dark and different, there are many amazing moments ,like atmospheric  and challenging sounds, but i prefer their last album",0,0,"Oct  3, 2013"
8,"What is so great about Paradise is that you actually feel like you are in paradise when listening to this album. What Robert Hood A.K.A Floorplan has created is a very upbeat and groovy album. With this album, you feel like you are on a beach in Mexico and you are just having a fun time.  Songs like 'Baby Baby' and 'Never Grow Old' just have those vibes where you just want to start slowly moving to the beat of each respective song. Not all songs have that groovy feeling though, and I wished they did. Songs like 'Higher' and 'Eclipse', although have good beats, seem too dubstep-ish and too hard electro for 'Paradise'. Other than a couple songs that move away from the flow, (they are still good songs), this album is a very consistent and very groovy piece of music.",0,0,"Jul 24, 2013"
9,"Zomby has long been one of the most eclectic and buzzed-about producers coming out of the UK, with productions ranging from rave-y acid house to mournful post-dubstep, and on this 33-track double album he veers wildly from genre to genre in a thrilling showcase of his talents. Time-wise, this album could fit on one disc, but the dichotomy allows for a study in contrasts, his supreme skills in balance and sequencing. One of the year's finest.",0,0,"Jul  7, 2013"
10,"This is the best electronic album of the year. My favorite this year along with the National is fantastic from the opening track to the end. Jon Hopkins is vastly underrated and this album is a great example of that.",0,0,"Jun 11, 2013"
9,"Beautifully paced album. Jon Hopkins has built intricate, pulsating, but not overbearing, multiple layers for new discoveries with each listen. Becoming immersed in this album is effortless and satisfying.",0,0,"Jun  7, 2013"
8,"The later tracks may suffer a little from the lack of character and cohesion but nevertheless, Immunity is a touching, exciting and truly adventurous album of sonic wonder. An album like this can truly prove the power and significance to electronic music.",0,0,"Feb  3, 2014"
10,"A revelation to hear and especially see (performing live) Mr. Hopkins dance with his fingers on those Kaoss Pads painting landscapes of not obvious, precise but not tidy, classical driven and sometimes stuttering (in the out most positive way) beats. The summer of 2013 was absolutely a non-stop Immunity-time for me.",0,0,"Aug 16, 2014"
8,"Qu'est ce qui pourrait arriver  un jeune homme qui, aprs avoir accompli une formation classique dans le prestigieux Royal College of Music, dcouvre qu'il peut transfrer son talent sur de la musique lectronique pratiquement dnue de tout instrument conventionnel ? Immunity, 4 albums studio de l'anglais Jon Hopkins, transcende son genre. C'est un album aux multiples facettes, mixant  la fois le techno, ambiant, lectro tout en ajoutant des touches de basses non pas s'en rappeler les premires exprimentations dubstep. L'efficacit de l'album est surtout retenue par l'arrangement et l'influence classique que Hopkins a reue lors de son apprentissage acadmique. Il va de l'avant avec dcompositions entaches de vcu, tirant consciemment l'auditeur dans tous les racoins de ses 8 chansons. Un album qui fait voyager et qui part sa grande authenticit, vie par lui-mme.Contrairement  son dernier album Inside, Immunity offre une alternative intressante aux amateurs d'lectronique. Au lieu de sauter les chansons pour dcouvrir ce que l'album rserve, Immunity offre 8 mondes pratiquement indpendantsles uns des autres. Il va s'en dire que les 8 chansons sont mticuleusement retravailles pour ne pas donner la mauvaise impression du dj entendue. L'ironie dans l'uvre est que l'album forme une entit parfaitement cohrente et bien axe sur l'influence que Hopkins offrent  ses chansons et non le contraire. Le procd de composition est semblable  n'importe quelle composition lectronique. La grande puissance de l'album rside dans l'orchestration des diffrents lments prsents. Il est surprenant de bouger la tte sur des rythmes flirtant avec les 600 beats per minutes, pour ensuite se retrouver presque boulevers par des pices cosmiques, planantes et extrmement espaces. L'amalgame des sonorits utilises est gnial. Hopkins n'utilise aucun chantillon reconnaissable (mis  part le rythme de piano du film 28 jours plus tard de Danny Boyle sur Form By firelight), et jouer rgulirement avec le tempo de ses chansons presque toutes guides par des lignes de basses audacieuses et assumes. Immunity ne ressemble  rien. Il est difficile d'associer son son  ce qui a dj t fait. C'est du Hopkins, voil tout.",0,0,"Mar 11, 2015"
9,"Review? No, just some words about this highly detailed, heavy and amazing album by Ae.
When i first listened to this album, i wasn't able to hear some kind of coherent object or concept. But after a couple of runs, i found this 'red thread' in the core of the sounds and the feel they bring. The design is just amazing. Brilliantly taking the listener to another world. I was always a big Confield fan. And still are, but this album is already taking over that place...it took Confield 1 year to get at that place.
Exai is not only great to listen from beginning to end, but also, because it contains 2 CD's, as a 2 part album. The 2 parts have their own feel and drive.
Some, IMHO, stand-out tracks are Irlite (Get 0), Prac-F, Bladelores, Nodezsh, Spl9 and Cloudline. My fav Ae track is still Lentic Catachresis though.",0,0,"Sep 27, 2013"
9,"Apologies if this review comes off as biased and unprofessional, but I've been a fan of Autechre since the late 1990s. With Exai being their eleventh album since 1993, and in light of their recent radio show, this is evidence that Mr. Booth and Mr. Brown are still very much alive in their career. It might also be worth noting that Sonny John Moore (Skrillex) name-drops Autechre as one of his influences, along with other Warp contemporaries. As for the album itself, it feels more assertive and mechanized than its preceding album Oversteps (2010), while still venturing into new sonic territory. Tracks like 'irlite (get 0)' and '1 1 is' exhibit the trend of agile bass synthesis that is a signature of dubstep. 'Bladelores' is a gentle, earthy ambient groove, while 'recks on' opens with kit drums  a nod to old school hip hop, while the second half of the track progresses with ominous robotic synth pads and similarly evolving drums. And the final track, 'YJY UX', with moderate-paced groove and digitized yet silky chimes is a great conclusion to the album.
Overall, Exai is my top 2013 album without question, and hope that the single most influential music duo of my life will continue their career as electronic music legends.",0,0,"Mar 10, 2013"
10,"Autechre is one of those interesting dance bands. IDM is fun, hippy and by far, superb. I guess this could be the best of 2013 so far. Ambient grooving dance tracks and electronics. Dance now. Buy now!",0,0,"Mar 25, 2013"
8,"Autechre have laid down another LP that's brilliantly designed to blow your mind. Two hours of impressive detailed beats, ambient layers and soaring drum machines, make Exai one of the most irreverently entertaining albums I've heard in a long time.",0,0,"May 14, 2013"
7,"This album is great but it seems like this is more of an album that is meant for long serving Autechre fans. Some tracks on here seem to be somewhat over filled and unnecessary for the album. A couple stand-out tracks are Fleure, bladeloras, deco loc and recks on.",0,0,"Apr 25, 2013"
7,"An enjoyable album for most IDM or experimental fans. I'm not the biggest Autechre fan but I can appreciate them for their textured and complex rhythms, mixed with some of the craziest patterns I've ever heard. If you're not heavily into IDM or Autechre I suggest you start else where, it can be a bit overwhelming for those new.",0,0,"Jul 16, 2013"
10,"I think this is an excellent album.
has excellent songs like Professional Griefer, The Veldt, Channel 42, maths and Supperliminal think Deadmau5 did a great job",3,3,"Jan 16, 2013"
6,"For anyone who's familiar with EDM's favorite mau5, Album Title Goes Here is as expected more of the same, and whether that be a yay or nay, is up to the listeners. For newer audiences that may not be familiar with the EDM cult, 'Professional Griefers' featuring Gerard Way from My Chemical Romance is probably the most accessible track, featuring electronic guitar-esque stuttered beats along with Way's signature aggressive vocals. Its recommendable tracks are 'There Will Be Coffee', a progressive house breakdown that's strong on melody, 'The Veldt', another progressive house song strong on melodies which blend swimmingly with newcomer James' soothing voice, and 'Telemiscommunications', which features synthpop songstress Imogen Heap in one of her most plausible vocal performances to date. However, its negativity derives from the negatives previous album faced: deadmau5's sheer lack of progression, with tedious opener 'Superliminal' and headache inducing 'Maths' being notable examples of that. So far fans, it depends on whether you're looking for the same ole, same ole. And for newer audiences, it just depends on what you expected from the hype.",2,2,"Oct 13, 2012"
7,">Album Title Goes Here< is certainly does little to be the most standout offering from the now super-popular Deadmau5.  Nokia has uses Deadmau5 in great amounts to showcase their products worldwide through 4D city-wide projects, and it's been cool.  But all that stardom warrants greater expectations from the fan base and those who are interested in checking in with Deadmau5 for the first time.  While >Album Title Goes Here< won't necessarily be regarded as his best work overall, there are some stellar movers & shakers to be found here.  Easily one of the best cuts features My Chemical Romance's Gerard Way on 'Professional Griefers', carrying a tightly woven, sick & infectious production with Way shout-chanting his way through some kind of post-apocalyptic surreality where the world is gone insane and digital fantasties run amuck.  Outside of Griefers and the album opener 'Superliminal', >Album Title Goes Here< finds most of its stride in restrained club-house tendencies.  'The Veldt', 'October', and 'Closer' demonstrate this greatly with longer intros that blend into steady beats overlain with programmed synthesizers to carry the hooky melodies.  No, this may not be his best work, but it certainly is fun and worth adding to the collection for already-fans.  Newcomers may want to start with some of the predecessors to >Album Title Goes Here< before fully jumping in this late in the game.",1,1,"Jan  8, 2013"
9,"Pretty good album and satisfied with purchase. There are some really bassy songs like Channel 42 and Fn Pig. This album is mixed with vocals and techno.",1,1,"Apr 24, 2013"
0,"This is the worst album  I have ever heard from deadmau5. I am a huge fan since 2008. I saw him and had the opportunity to meet and talk to him in 2009. Cool guy. This album seems like it was rushed. None of the tracks flow together, each song sounds like 2 songs put together, yeah cool but it doesnt sound relevant, it just sounds like to completely different songs in one that have nothing to do with each-other. superliminal was cool but it doesnt even come close to what hes capable of. October, Veldt and profession greifers (only the intrumental) are great. The sound qaulity is really good but the rest of the songs sound cheesy (no pun). The tracks sound like amature work. deadmau5 used to blow me away with his music now I am only shocked at how horrible some of the songs are. I hope he was just rushed into making this album and I think he should take some time off and focus on making music instead of having some pretty lights. I mean thats cool n all but I seriously am not going to another show unless he comes out with a better album and or he just doesn't play majourty of the songs. I also liked failbait for what it is, and most of the collabs are great. but this album terrified me. Where did that deadmau5 funk go?",3,6,"Oct 12, 2012"
10,"Just another great CD to workout to, do homework, drive, and enjoy life. Everything is better listening to Deadmau5, and he is diverse enough to have music that appeals to any mood I could be in.",2,4,"Oct  4, 2012"
6,"I usually love deadmau5's albums through and through, but this is his weakest attempt in a while. Most of the good songs were eithor leaked or previosly released. I feel like he tried to make a really long album. I would rather have a great small album than a large one filled with alright songs. the only good songs that werent already released were superliminal and Sleepless",1,2,"Sep 29, 2012"
9,"Songs in this album are individually made. You don't dance them, idiots, you 'dig' them with your 'head' and that is how it's made. It's one of the influent and concentration giving albums that I am able to hear by myself. And because of deadmau5 and his career of progressive house, there will still be no f***s given to the mainstream, todays trending, nor the world out there, just listen. The criticizers should start listening instead of making bias to the funny and obvious sounding title. It's deadmau5 and his idea of making the title that way, the same way he told everyone the truth in his album 'For Lack of a Better Name'. Stop whining. > album title goes here < isn't bad at all, it's just Failbait that is out of style. The album itself is different, people around the world are listening to the whole thing. I throughly enjoy all the songs from Superliminal to October. Sleepless and Telemiscommunications are just a bit from deadmau5's mind. Never ever mind the Failbait (while reviewing).",1,2,"Oct 19, 2012"
3,"In his 2012 effort, Album Title Goes Here, deadmau5 sticks to his style that works for him and his fans, which is no problem in my book. However, some tracks never find their footing (",1,2,"Nov 12, 2012"
9,"This is the new Deadmau5 album, absolutely wonderful. Such a kick to listen to whilst working out. Superliminal is the best track on the album.  Good job, Joel.",1,3,"Sep 29, 2012"
8,"Some great tracks, some OK tracks, a couple I found a little annoying or totally out of place for deadmau5. The album doesn't flow very well; it's too bad he didn't write it as a continuous mix like his others (though there is a pretty good one on youtube by SNSR3DLINE). I'll give it a decent rating because I like deadmau5, and there are some great songs on here, but he can definitely do better.",0,0,"May  9, 2013"
8,"This album is a good album if you ask me.This album is better than 4x4=12 for me that is just my opinion.This album ads more harmony and happines into songs.Deadmau5 did a good job going on a big risk to go full progresive house on this album.Irespect the only hardcore fans who love hard songs from deadmau5 but its still a good album.It does not desever like a 55 it deserves a 80.Critics i think just listenen the songs like telemiscomunications or filbait and closer but they did not listen to the super songs named the veldet or professional girafigers or eaven there might be coffe.its an 8 for me and you shoud buy this album if you like house and that kind of music.",0,0,"May 31, 2013"
8,"Great album! I hear a new style that I really like, shown in October, Closer, and There Might be Coffee that I really like! What I do not like is Telemiscommunications, Failbait, and Sleepless. But overall, great job!",0,0,"Dec 11, 2013"
3,"Don't get me wrong, I love Deadmau5, and this album has it's moments like 'Superliminal', 'The Veldt', and 'Professional Griefers', but overall the album is sub-par for Deadmau5 standards.  In particular, songs like 'Fn Pig' and 'Take Care of the Proper Paperwork' are just simply not that good and the rest of the tracks seem like they are half-baked at best. Though this album is forgivable since it is just a collection of past recordings, hopefully Deadmau5's next album is far better.",0,0,"Dec 27, 2013"
9,"This review is not in english, sry about that.
Ok, na wstpie warto zaznaczy, e Deadmau5 pody waciw ciek. Odstawi w niepami dubstepowe wstawki na rzecz czystego house'u bd eksperymentalnej muzyki (czyt. elektronicznej). W pamici zapad mi utwr Fn Pig przywodzcy czasy starego Joela, ale gwiazd albumu jest dla mnie Take Care of Proper Paperwork. Geniusz w czystej postaci, nie rozumiem te narzeka co do braku przysowiowego 'dropu', takowy jest tam zbdny. Ogem martwa mysz sklecia fantastyczny album, ale mam wraenie, e sta j na wicej :)",0,0,"Jun 24, 2014"
9,"This might be a really good EDM album I've so far listened. Deadmau5 is my favourite DJ and I think this is one of my favourite albums I ever brought so far. Really good album.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2016"
6,"6.5    z",0,0,"Aug  9, 2016"
9,"After an all-too-long hiatus, the Hartnoll brothers are back with a vengeance. Wonky is a powerful album, perhaps more powerful than anything they've released since their heyday. The production is impeccable, and Flood's mixing skills are put to good use here, extracting every essence out of every beat and bleep, creating a tapestry of sound both immediately approachable and with a panorama of hidden depth. The songs themselves are very varied, ranging from the dance floor hits of Wonky, Beelzedub and Stringy Acid to the more ethereal and soundtrack-friendly mood pieces like Never, One Big Moment and Distractions. The arch, from the first song to the last, is very strong, with only one questionable choice thrown in the mix - namely, the Zola Jesus collaboration, New France, which is interesting but ultimately an ill fit to the flow of the album - and the momentum of emotion and energy leaps from one high to another high, with the quirky ease of an acid-tripping, Kraftwerk-loving butterfly.
This is their best album this side of the millennium, and a fantastic return to form to the original innovators of electronic home-listening music. They have produced something more than a dance album. Sure, it takes elements from current trends, like Dubstep and electro-house, but it sounds uniquely Orbital and very much like a logical progression to their work in the 1990's, in that it combines beat-oriented and dancefloor-friendly machinations with an audiophile's fascination with aural detail and a dedication to emotionally dictated musical architecture. Highly recommended.",2,2,"Apr 11, 2012"
7,"Album Orbital - 'Wonky' could surprise positively. Overall it is in fact a very ear-catching electronic music which is a combination of dubstep, techno and hause. The songs are distinctive - primarily through the instrument add-ons evident in songs such as 'Never','One Big Moment' or the longest and somewhat experimental 'Distractions'. Album that is worth noting.",0,0,"May 26, 2012"
9,"Been a fan of Orbital for a long time and this, possibly their last album, is an awesome addition to their discography. Two or three songs aren't as a good as the others but the first and last songs are so good that, if this is their last album, I'm completely satisfied.",0,0,"Aug 26, 2014"
7,"'Transitions' is an album by Elephant And Castle which borders with ambient and electronica. On the record to the fore in turns came: lots of bass like in 'Rise',  guitar 'I Will' or exposed parts of electronics in conjunction with experimental drums - 'Oakland Stroll'. While listening should also pay attention to the song 'Altered Scones'.",0,0,"May 13, 2012"
6,"Vince Clarke and Martin Gore of Depeche Mode as VCMG just released their debut album 'SSSS' maintained in the style of techno, sometimes well in club music. Although the album is a good quality one, you could argue for ex. moments of simplicity and longueur. The compositions have expressive electronic accents that would be better presented in a slightly truncated form.",0,0,"Apr  3, 2012"
8,"The German band Mouse on Mars attacks the music market with their latest album from the border of electronics and dance - 'Parastrophics'. The compositions are completely twisted and avant-garde. Reminiscent of Radiohead experiments  - 'The Beach Stop', hip-hop 'Chordblocker' and its sequel 'Metrotopy', bordering D'n'B 'Wienuss' or excellent 'They Know Your Name' are just some of the interesting examples of tracks on the album.",0,0,"Apr 26, 2012"
9,"Mouse on Mars release Parastrophics is seemingly a snapshot on the duo's take on the current electronic music scene. With hints of dub in They Know Your Name, borderline drum'n'bass in Wienuss, acid music Seaqz, and disco infused Polaroyced, MoM offers an intelligent angle on the scenes. All this is spun with a sense of humour and is quite playful, but is not devoid of complex textures and technique. Great album, a must buy.",0,0,"Sep  8, 2012"
5,"Ulrich Schnauss also known as the View to the Future or the Police In Cars With Headphones just released 23rd in his career CD with electronic overtones. We can find for example: a little pathetic, but also stirring 'The Messiah Is Falling',  developing steadily by sophisticated parties of synthesizers 'Long Distance Call', supported by vocals 'Forgotten' or a little outer space 'Yesterday Did Not Exist'. The CD is not the high-flying one - it can be treated more as a curiosity than a position likely to conquer the music market.",0,1,"Apr 26, 2012"
10,"A masterpiece that deserves several listening with a decent sound system before giving an opinion. Definitely not made to listen with those 'q-tips' like headphones... nor than through a compressed audio file (like MP3).  This listening experiment is also completed with the live 3D experience... a must!",0,1,"Sep 13, 2011"
10,"ISAM is Amon Tobin's most compellingly individual and gloriously self-indulgent album to date. Given the freedom to release 'conventional' (in a relative sense) records under his 'Two Fingers' moniker -- accompanied by his partner-in-sublime, Doubleclick -- Amon Tobin has taken it upon himself to delve deeper into the weird and wacky of his considerable mind. This absurdity is somewhat compounded by the singular way in which he attacked the task of recording his most recent full-length: One man. Many sounds. Something much at odds with the collaborative Nature of 2007's Foley Room. However, in recording, his core principles remain the same - point and shoot. Whilst the pointing is done at objects familiar to many a budding photographer, the shooting is done by high-precision condenser microphones. The result of all this audiophilic sound-play is something magnificent from start to finish, irrespective of where your version of the album finishes - either after 2, 1 or no enjoyable bonus tracks. If you are undecided about giving this album a try, it is worth it purely to hear Tobin's voice being (excuse my Physics) spectrally contorted into a mimicry of those of little English and American girls. In addition, British micro-sculptor (Small sculptures not small sculptor!) Tessa Farmer's album artwork is wonderfully fantastic and grotesque - meant in the kindest way possible.",0,0,"Jun  5, 2011"
10,"I think people don't respect electronic music solely for the fact that it's 'electronic' and doesn't count. So, that's saying BT isn't a musician? The impact of Faithless is just a hoax? But anyways, Amon Tobin's attention to detail on ISAM is just insane. Carefully crafted glitch fills this insane journey of an album. Yes, there's heavy bass throughout, but that doesn't mean it's a dubstep album. It's a brutal, (Lost & Found) melodic (Journeyman) and just plain cool (Kitty Cat) experimental underground electronic album that is well worth the 53 minutes.",0,0,"Dec 27, 2012"
2,"Perfect album to fall asleep to but it is not , by any degree, a work of art to encourage your friends to listen to. It meanders too much without any depth beneath it.",0,0,"Apr 10, 2011"
9,"Great drum and bass tracks on this album, although a few aren't as good.  Kevin Sawka plays the drums on this album and really shines.  Tunes like Watercolour and The Vulture really get the blood pumping.  Also, 'Self Vs Self' is a pretty cool song done with the band In Flames.  While the song is much more 'In Flames' than it is 'Pendulum', I still dig it.",3,3,"Mar 24, 2011"
8,"One of my favorite bands, but i can't let that cloud my opinion that there other albums have been better (in terms of genre.) The discography of Pendulum has always followed the Drum and Bass path. 'Hold Your Colour', their first album shows the generic side of DnB during t time with additional elements like Rob Swire's vocals near the end. Their second album 'In Silico' crossed over to the rock side, DnB being the Minor basis of it, being in only 6 songs, not that there's anything with non linear Genres. But 'Immersion' has a plethora of genre changes. it goes from orchestra, to drum-step, to Drum and Bass, to substep, electro, jungle, house/rap, and even Metal, but it's not the worst part about it.It overtures into 'Salt in the Wounds', very similar to 'Slam' from their debut alum. Anyone not familiar with this sound won't be used to it. 'Watercolours' was the song that anticipated the album, hardcore fans listened to them preview this song months before it was released. It shined like 'Propane Nightmares' from their previous album, but it's not as well composed.Set me on Fire, their first dub-step composed song. Dubstep focuses more on the drop, but Pendulum back handed this theory and kept it more constructed and soothing. The made taking a step back look awesome.Crush, a song that sounded better in production is catchy, and has house like elements, it's actually the opposite of what they usually do. Crush immediately jumps in, and ends with a long guitar progression. The contrast shows with the following song, 'Under the Waves' co-produced by the band's DJImmunize features Liam Howlett from The Prodigy, the song is very repetitive, but the basis of the song is what you would expect from Liam. Probably a fun experience to Rob Swire.The Island, although not a drum and bass song, one of the the most memorable songs they've done. Every single club DJ should know this song.The Vulture, the only studio song featuring their live MC Ben Mount. The song is also catchy, and no one should go without head banging.Witchcraft stands out as 'oh, this song is going to be a single.' This songs only flaw is that it's too short, much like a lot of songs in this album.In Flames steps in, and the genre cross over is perfect, hardcore fans will rage. It's Pendulum's troll move on their part, but if you see past it it's just another good song.Their final song Encoder is nothing to expect, from Pendulum. It's their ballad. I expected a 'Tempest' ending, but received a sad song. It;s a slow-dance song, but it's a dance album.Another note that should be noticed is that a new Drummer, KJ Sawka steps in. His skills are more highlighted in difficult drum sequences like 'Comprachicos' and 'Self vs. Self' his talent can be wasted doing the repetitive Drum and Bass loop.Sound quality: excellent, louder than before and they didn't hold back on additional sounds.Lyrics: To those who can interpret will understand the story behind 'Immersion' being a man  vs nature (and vise-versa) but to those who don't understand can still know the words.Production: it wasn't rushed, the problem was that the album has an abundance of sounds, even the track Ransom that announced the album got taken out. In Silico's 10 tracks gave each song their own spotlight. Gareth Mcgrillen needs more Bass parts, the songs he plays in can easily be spotted and praised.Overall: good. Buy it, it's great. just not the best.",2,2,"Dec  3, 2011"
10,"This album is a great mix of Pendulum's signature style and their attempts at other genres, such as House (The Island) and Dubstep (Set Me On Fire) which both succeeded.  Definitely worth a listen.",1,1,"Apr 27, 2013"
10,"Pendulum is one of my favourite bands. Their album Immersion is one of the best in my opinion, but their other albums are very good too. 'Immersion' is an excellent mix of drum&bass and rock, which makes perfect electronic rock album. Songs such as 'Witchcraft' or 'Watercolour' are just perfect  the vocals, electronic sounds, drums and guitars. Majority of songs are very energetic, it is characteristic feature of drum&bass.",1,1,"May 25, 2013"
9,"Great album! This is one of the greatest albums ever! It doesn't top Hold Your Color, but it is still a great addition to any library! Great job guys!",1,1,"Dec 13, 2013"
9,"Thoroughly enjoyed this album. I was impressed not only by its sound, but by its power. 'Witchcraft' and 'Watercolor' surprised me by making my hair stand on end! They have a healthy blending of styles as well, never catering to one too much or too little. I was also impressed with their songs on a lyrical level. With the deluxe edition of the album, you'll be glad to know that the remixes are solid and deserving. A great album!",0,0,"Nov  4, 2012"
10,"It is a giant mix of what makes Pendulum awesome. It is a must buy for everyone who enjoys good music, no matter which genre you love the most, really.",0,0,"Aug 22, 2013"
10,"Im not going to even bother to complain about the critics, But dam is this one kick ass album, In my opinion Immersion has more iconic and outshinig content than In Silico,
but the one song that caught my feels the most was 'Crush' i have never heard such a master piece in my entire life. After i listened to this album everything else just sounded....i dont know... Mediocre. Pendulum is by far my most favorite band ever.",0,0,"Apr  8, 2014"
8,"Starts off with three cracking tunes which are among their best but with the tunefree Hamburg Hotel it takes a dive. Thereafter it's back on form with Moon in Water being the stand out. The tail end is brought up with Louisiana, a slow and somewhat dull track. It's a better album than any other since Second Toughest In The Infants but falls short of the standards of Dubnobasswithmyheadman.",0,0,"Mar 30, 2016"
7,"This album provides a skillful level of cohesion throughout its tracks. The multiple layering of vocals creates ambient lyrical environment. Musically, the album contains interesting percussive details, and comparisons aside, at times spans popular genres. While 'Dark City' is certainly a dark album, its turning point comes during 'Monkey', a slightly humorous pick-me-up before the end. Replay value: 3/5.",0,0,"Sep 15, 2010"
8,"The tracks on their own have enough poignancy to warrant multiple listens, and although Dear's production shows prowess in establishing synchronicity, the lyrical component does not match, leaving itself to feel like forced conceptual catharsis. If it wasn't for the release of 'Headcage', 'Slowdance' would be the lone unforgettable standout of Dear's ambitious catalogue.",0,0,"Feb 26, 2014"
9,"Some of the highest quality electronic/ambient music. Joy to the ears (Well the only track I do not like is 'The Making Of Grief Point' with it's vocals... It does not go well with the rest of the album).  For those who like quality music I can only recommend this.",2,3,"Jan 21, 2013"
9,"Loved this album. Takes a while to really appreciate it but i find myself coming back to listen to it again and again. Has real depth. Its the only album that i have rated every track as very good.",0,0,"Sep 21, 2011"
9,"As we thought that Techno has gone,Mr. Garnier brought us the brand new deep-dirty-down philosophy of Techno.",1,1,"May 25, 2002"
8,"Top album; takes a few listens but gradually tracks like communications from the lab grow on you. More accessible than last album 30.",1,1,"Nov 29, 2001"
10,"absolutely fabulous!!!",1,1,"Dec 21, 2003"
10,"I've been sorely dissapointed with metacritic's 'house' and 'techno' secetions, expecting to find some great electronic music. This is was I was looking for all along :D",0,0,"May 12, 2011"
