Entertainment Weekly,80,"Thanks to the steady hand of veteran producer Joel Little, though, Broods have concocted a record of marked consistency, one that commands attention from its first wail to its last syllable."
AllMusic,80,"Conscious builds upon the promise of their debut and goes well beyond with a tight vision of a glimmering pop future for the Notts."
Q Magazine,80,"Sleek, elegant but neck deep in gory realities, Conscious is a record that deals in the very best and worst of the world but instead of getting dragged down with the weight of these realisations, Broods climb high."
The Observer (UK),50,"Conscious may be polished to a high gloss, but it lacks the personality and emotion that made Broods debut such a shadowy revelation."
The Observer (UK),50,"Conscious is merely competent--never truly exciting."

musicOMH.com,80,"The groups power has always come from its Spice Girls-like ability to form a massive unit of self-actualization, and the peppy 7/27 has no shortage of that, both lyrically and musically."
The Line of Best Fit,75,"The sassy girl-power proclamations and gleefully unsubtle double-entendres that elevated the groups 2015 debut, Reflection, are largely pushed aside for mid-tempos about romance and intimacy. Deep, vulnerable, personal--these were some of the quintets stated goals for 7/27. Its not a bad look by any means."
Clash Music,70,"7/27 mostly rises to the occasion."
The Skinny,70,"Ultimately, while 7/27 isn't quite as loose or as fun as one might hope, Fifth Harmony prove they can balance youthful swagger with grown-up sophistication."
The 405,62,"Finally, albeit in flashes, there are hints that Fifth Harmony may reach that peak."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Fifth Harmonys talents do get their shine in spots of this front-loaded hodgepodge."
The Guardian,60,"The second Fifth Harmony LP isn't a massive step forward, but with a constant bombardment of hooks, high energy and incredible harmony there's not much time to catch your breath to compare."

DIY Magazine,100,"Skin is brilliant across the board."
The Independent (UK),80,"While it could have benefitted from some editing, Skin still shows a lot of growth--it's more mature, and more memorable, than Flume."
Mojo,75,"Gearing up to be the next EDM crossover talent, Flumes sophomore effort, Skin, showcases a producer at ease with all of the sounds moving tickets at Americas major festival events: hip-hop, indie pop, and EDM."
Q Magazine,70,"Restless versatility is all over the LP, generating the emotional crests and sensory overload a festival crowd demands, but with a nuance that'll make it work even if you aren't shirtless in the desert."
Uncut,70,"While satisfying, the record could have used a bit more of that invention and risk."
DIY Magazine,70,"While so much EDM sounds the same right now, his tracks are thankfully hard to pigeonhole--as they weave industrial, deep house, dubstep, minimal and hip hop influences into a cohesive whole thats both danceable and perfect for sofa listening too."
The Skinny,70,"If the burden on electronic producers is to establish personality beyond a dense network of light displays and computer processing, this album gets Flume halfway there: It shows him as unquestionably human (overeager, alternately flashy and timid, sometimes more in awe than in control), but still a bit faceless."
Pretty Much Amazing,67,"Skin is the sound of Flume reaching for great heights and almost grasping what he seeks there."
Under The Radar,64,"[Wall Fuck is] short and snappy, gone too fast in an album that couldve been streamlined to let moments like it shine. But maybe its the sound of floodgates opening."
PopMatters,60,"Distinguished guests--UK nearly siren AlunaGeorge, rapper Vince Staples--are ushered respectfully through a series of viable electronic hinterlands, where a couple of them, notably perennial cameo supplier Little Dragon and Wu Tang vet Raekwon, manage to put down roots in actual songs."

Exclaim,83,"Largely gone are the doo-wop vocals and soulful arrangements of her debut, Title. Instead, with help from producers like Ricky Reed (Fifth Harmony, Jason Derulo), she delivers wide-eyed pre-9/11 popand this throwback vibe suits her."
Slant Magazine,70,"She's smart to keep things light and positive--it's a deliberately youthful sound in an era that yearns for maturity--but by working the same territory so carefully, the seams in her construction are difficult to ignore."
The Line of Best Fit,67,"Self-empowerment can shade into self-aggrandizement when it isnt delivered in a convincing way, and Thank You only periodically rises to the challenge."
Pitchfork,60,"Thank You is an interesting album in that it shows musical growth for Meghan Trainor while simultaneously moving her closer to the more homogenous sound of mainstream pop. Its not great by any means, but it is definitely catchy and easy to sing along with."
Consequence of Sound,60,"The self-infatuation on this album is less attempted-clever and more ambient, a body-posi constant that gives the plethora of tasty palm-muted figures and colorful production settings a semblance of gravity even if it becomes the favorite of the Yaaas queen-abusing straight Facebook friend you had to unfollow."
AllMusic,60,"Trainor continues the self-esteem party on Thank You, and the cracks that were already forming on her debut grow a little wider and deeper on its followup."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"She has a round and slightly stodgy voice thats most effective when it aims lowest, as on the winning novelty song Dance Like Yo Daddy, full of quizzical dance instructions (Can you overbite? Can you old man overbite?) and doo-wop harmonies over a skronking sax and sock-hop swing. Elsewhere on this spotty album, Ms. Trainor grinds her way through tough-stand songs like Watch Me Do, a homage to Destinys Childs Independent Women (Part 1), and Me Too, where she awkwardly proclaims self-love."
AllMusic,40,"Ultimately, much of Thank You is a bit of a hotchpotch, after her initial efforts were rejected and main producer Ricky Reed called on to conjure up some hits."
The Guardian,40,"One or two of these songs might scan as tongue-in-cheek; nearly half an album's worth is a form of caricature, paying lip service to a millennial generation raised on hollow self-affirmations."
Sputnikmusic,20,"Trainor just isnt a convincing pop star. While the Britney-lite lead single No has its moments, most of the other songs are identity-free filler."

The Line of Best Fit,80,"She immediately impresses with a solid version of Wanda Jackson's Funnel Of Love, then moves on to deliver a brace of Patsy Cline classics that stand the comparison test, before with the aid of Vince Gill, whooping it up on You're The Reason Our Kids Are Ugly. [Jun 2016, p.94]"
Under The Radar,70,"Whether Lauper will replicate the commercial success of Tuskegee is doubtful, but this is Cyndi Lauper were talking about, so only a fool would bet against it."
The Quietus,70,"Detour is a great showcase for Lauper's vocal range and prowess, but the freak factor is dishearteningly low. [No. 131, p.59]"
Q Magazine,70,"With Nashville stalwart Tony Brown co-producing, she flexes both empathy and interpretive might. [Jun 2016, p.75]"
DIY Magazine,60,"The material is there, as is the voice, but too often the two become muddled despite her best efforts to the contrary. If nothing else, Detour is a enjoyable glimpse into a career path untaken."
Clash Music,60,"Not every guest spot works--Lauper's idiosyncrasies don't quite mesh with Alison Krauss's pristine bluegrass harmonies on Dolly Parton's 'Hard Candy Christmas.' But Lauper and Willie Nelson are simpatico originals on 'Night Life,' and 'You're the Reason Our Kids Are Ugly,' with Vince Gill playing Conway to her Loretta, is Cyndi's kind of shtick."
PopMatters,60,"On a track-by-track level, Detour has a few stumbles--the biggest is 'Night Life,' and that's due to the gravelly growl of Willie Nelson, not Lauper--and if it's taken as a collection of performances and not a coherent record, it's fun."
AllMusic,58,"None of the songs on Detour are without at least some merit, though a few are without any discernible marketplace value, save niche kiosks along I-40 or the occasional road trippers Spotify."
DIY Magazine,50,"Nothing here hasnt been done many times before, and much better, by either the original artists (do we need a shockingly feeble-voiced Willie Nelson dueting with Lauper on his Night Life?) or others closer to the country aesthetic."
Boston Globe,40,"Her history and significance is rooted in rebellion--but thats easy to overlook with a record this diluted."
Exclaim,40,"The thing that's missing from Detour, though, is emotion. [Jul 2016, p.110]"

Boston Globe,100,"Cynics will cry foul, that Beyonc remains an entitled superstar, raging at a paper tiger. Those cynics will be ignoring one of this years finest albums."
Entertainment Weekly,100,"Lemonade is Beyoncs finest hour."
Los Angeles Times,100,"Lemonade marks Beyoncs most accomplished work yet. It is the perfect combination of the sharp songwriting of 4 with the visual storytelling acumen of her self-titled record. Here, we see Beyonc fully coming into her own: wise, accomplished, and in defense of herself."
AllMusic,100,"This is her second visual album, and Lemonade is best served with the visuals, a semi-autobiographical film with deft dream-logic, a Purple Rain for the internet age. Its waves wash over the political-commercial-aesthetic limits of Beyonce, which at the time of its release felt a generic/political revelation, but now seems watered-down compared to the bittersweet specificity and holler of Lemonade."
Pitchfork,100,"Her boldest, most ambitious, best album to date."
Spin,100,"Lemonade is fiery, insurgent, fiercely proud, sprawling and sharply focused in its dissatisfaction."
Rolling Stone,100,"Its a rare album that sounds this warm, this easy, this melodic, this fierce, this startling, this unforgettable."
The Independent (UK),100,"Lemonade is her most emotionally extreme music, but also her most sonically adventurous."
AllMusic,100,"Lemonade is by far Beyoncs strongest album."
Consequence of Sound,94,"It is both album and manifesto, and illustrates the true power of art. The power to conjure back from the dark the voice of people the world has chosen to ignore."
Rolling Stone,91,"All over Lemonade, Beyonc is describing her own personal reality, on her terms and informed by her worldview. That the album simultaneously pushes mainstream music into smarter, deeper places is simply a reminder of why she remains pops queen."
Boston Globe,90,"Never short on vocal confidence, here, she trades divadom for arresting, unconventional shapes. [Jul 2016, p.69]"
The Line of Best Fit,90,"With all matters of the heart explored in extremely intimate detail it sees Beyonc back on top of the pop world ready to slay like only she can."
Slant Magazine,90,"As a body of songs, Lemonade presents Bey at her most skilled and fully matriculated as a pop studio maven and conductor of the presents preferred orchestral mode: creative file-sharing. ... Lemonade the album, however, is out to sonorously suck you into its gully gravitational orbit the old fashioned way, placing the burden of conjuration on its steamy witches brew of beats, melodies, and heavy-hearted-to-merry-pranksterish vocal seductions."
Austin Chronicle,90,"The result is an album in which millions will find their own struggles reflected back to them, as therapeutic as it is utterly dazzling. If you've ever been handed lemons, you need Lemonade."
Pretty Much Amazing,90,"Lemonade is Beyonc at her most benevolent, and her most unadulterated. Treating her blackness not as an affliction but a celebratory beacon, Lemonade is a long overdue, cathartic retribution."
Pitchfork,90,"['Sorry,'] is a combative, unglossy track on an album full of them. ... As she did with her 2013 album, Beyonc, she has also paired the music with full-length video that expands and deepens its impact."
The Observer (UK),90,"On the fierce, vivid Lemonade, Beyonc goes full shock and awe."
Entertainment Weekly,89,"By effortlessly topping her own best work. Lemonade now sets a new standard for cross-genre collaboration."
AllMusic,88,"Itll take a while to absorb everything that Beyonce has poured into her sixth studio album--a dozen songs plus a 60-minute movie that is more than just a mere advertisement for the music, but an essential companion that provides context and deepens understanding. But its apparent already that Lemonade is the artists most accomplished and cohesive work yet."
The A.V. Club,85,"Lemonade is a stunning album, one that sees her exploring sounds she never has before. It also voices a rarely seen concept, that of the album-length ode to infidelity. Even stranger, it doesnt double as an album-length ode to breaking up."
PopMatters,80,"Lemonade hits hard. Beyonce has chosen to portray herself like this, and those choices  are bold, powerful and at times, properly shocking. [#361, p.110]"
Spin,80,"With its wealth of sonic adventure, its thoughtful merger of the personal and the political, and its four choice guest spots (Jack White; Kendrick Lamar; James Blake; Abel Makkonen Tesfaye AKA The Weeknd), Lemonade is a dazzling example of pooled talent coalescing around an iconic doyenne. There can be little doubt on whose head Princes crown should now sit."
Boston Globe,80,"Musically its the first half of the album that shows us a new side of Beyonc, one that thrives in dark atmospheres and minimalism in a way her music never did before."
The New York Times,80,"This is a record that is highly sonically ambitious, and even the moments that dont quite come together are carried by Beyoncs vocal talents and sheer star power."
The Guardian,80,"Lemonade isnt an easy album, but it wasnt meant to be. Lemonade is blessed with nuance and fueled by anger, awash in politics but still meant to be consumed as a pop product. Its as danceable as it is dark, as incendiary as it is inspiring."
Slant Magazine,80,"In a year when the worlds biggest artists have put their necks on the line--Rihannas leave-me-alone, independent streak of Anti, Kanye Wests scatterbrained ever-changing doodle The Life of Pablo--Beyonc can count herself as a risk-taker breaking new ground, up there with the bravest."
The Observer (UK),80,"What sets Lemonade apart are the ways it continually highlights the fine line between empathy and anger. Its a line Beyonc walks with supreme confidence."
Mojo,80,"Pop culture's reigning diva appeared in raw form--a vulnerable mess and unapologetically enraged as she thematically confronted her husband and father's alleged infidelity publicly, through visceral imagery and emotionally loaded sonic offerings."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Lemonade is strikingly varied. ... Where her huge team fails to innovate is on the albums drab middle few cuts about acceptance and forgiveness--chief among them the horrible hoedown Daddy Lessons, which blends whooping with boring rhymes (Daddy made me fight / It wasn't always right). But the final four tracks see quality return, and penultimate track All Night, in particular, is one of Beyoncs most nuanced vocal performances to date."
Magnet,80,"The difference is that those albums [Anti and The Life Of Pablo] were at best a bold and intriguing mess: the sense that the artists behind them were having trouble marshalling their ideas was hard to escape. Lemonade, however, feels like a success, made by someone very much in control."
Uncut,70,"The cathartic and wounded moments here resonate in a manner matched by few, if any, of Beyonc's contemporaries. She sometimes eclipses herself in terms of raw emotion, as on the throttling Jack White encounter 'Don't Hurt Yourself.' At the low-volume end, there's more power in the few seconds she chokes back tears while singing 'Come back'--timed with the backing vocal in Isaac Hayes' version of 'Walk on By'--than there is in most contemporary ballads."
PopMatters,70,"If Lemonade feels less ambitious than the near-70-minute Beyonc, it's probably because the penetrating spoken-word interludes, composed of verses by Somali-British poet Warsan Shire, featured in Lemonade's accompanying long-form music video have been excised from the album itself."

Rolling Stone,90,"Here there is less pop, more disco, less experimentation, more thought, less anthem, more groove and unjustly more quality, less attention."
AllMusic,80,"This album is an incredibly unprecedented but refreshing shift in focus after negating the responsibility to carry the Scandinavian synthpop touch, moving on in a way that is elegant, more purposeful, and smarter, even though it might be less bombastic and more long-winded."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Everybodys Heart Is Broken Now resolutely clings to the idea that faded memories can be given vibrant colour through song and that music preserves inner tempests and dreamed oases in amber--and for the most part it succeeds as evidence of that."
American Songwriter,80,"Niki & the Dove are making their own quiet contribution to politics on Everybodys Heart is Broken Now and at the same time having a subtle evolution, rather than revolution, of their own. Same band, different tempo, slow riot."
Clash Music,78,"They always sound nostalgic, but the immediacy of Dahlstrm's vocals yanks all the warm, communal feelings associated with that sound into a present where they're in short supply."
Q Magazine,70,"Worth the wait. [Jun 2016, p.76]"
The Observer (UK),70,"Everybody's Heart Is Broken Now is a satisfying, long-awaited return for Niki and the Dove."

The Telegraph (UK),80,"It is delicately shaded and tells us more of her hopes, dreams, fears and feelings than any interview ever could. It is this direct communication with her listeners, coupled with the strongest of loyalties to her underground heritage, that makes her music as strong as it is."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Honey is an energetic and youthful love letter to Katy Bs clubbing roots."
Tiny Mix Tapes,75,"Katy B is a master of capturing that oceanic feeling when individuality melts away, and every soul rises and falls together on the wave of the beat."
Entertainment Weekly,72,"Honey lacks the coherence of her previous albums, but as a love letter to the rave it's eloquent and sincere."
The Independent (UK),70,"Its an exemplar of her adaptability, and in a music realm stacked with mind-numbing, homogeneous house numbers, Katy B still occupies a lane of her own."
Pretty Much Amazing,70,"Where Little Red saw Katy throwing herself into the occasional ballad, Honey is reduced to a pure set of dance music; within these aesthetic limits, though, it may be her most varied record stylistically."
Rolling Stone,70,"Katy B has a way to go in separating herself from the influx of R&B singers who dabble in dub, but shes beginning to pave a path worth following."
The Telegraph (UK),70,"Its the spirit of community that defines Honey, a doting mixtape that cherishes the one thing that matters most to Katy B: club culture. From making it past the door to after-hours rejections, Briens narrative thrives musically upon teamwork."
HipHopDX,60,"Honey suffers when its producers smooth out their rougher edges to accommodate Katys chart-star status."
The A.V. Club,60,"The narrative she introduced with her first single Katy on a Mission--the story of a prospective dancefloor tryst--still dominates, and its a subject that barely contains the emotional mileage to sustain a single song, let alone a whole body of work. Her vocal melodies, meanwhile, can feel almost abrasive in their mediocrity. Instead, its left to the production to provide the wit, amusement and emotion."
Uncut,60,"Honey's intentions are noble but the results are mixed. [Jun 2016, p.69]"
musicOMH.com,60,"A cast list as long as Honeys inevitably produces a patchwork. Some tunes are so uneventful you wonder why they bothered."
Spin,60,"This is an album you need to be enveloped by--the louder it is, the better it sounds. [Jun 2016, p.115]"
Exclaim,60,"This is not the most cohesive body of work, granted, but oh man does it have some total bangers."
Clash Music,50,"Honey nonetheless comes across as an attention-grabbing experiment more than it does a third proper full-length."
The New York Times,50,"If it were not for Katy's distinctive voice--which she gloriously wields with an Aguilera-like ferocity during the last forty seconds or so of each track--Honey would not survive its own sweetness. At certain moments, however, the energies between Katy and the producers mesh just right, resulting in alchemic varieties of urban pop that glow brighter after each listen."
Los Angeles Times,50,"Honey, when it works at least, is the sound of piecing together the night before: a love letter to not making it home, to the Tequila salt still stuck to your hand, to hands brushing under the cover of the smoke machine. Unfortunately, half of the time, it says precisely nothing and if that unquestionable potential is to be realised, Kathleen Brien has to make a choice."
Austin Chronicle,50,"With nearly 20 production collaborators, the record has plenty of invention--and way too many cooks in the kitchen. ... [A] busy, unfocused record."
Chicago Tribune,30,"Katy Bs stultifying lyrics, paired with an EMI-sponsored coterie of established DJs, producers, and vocalists, surgically selected as if delegates of their respective niches, evince only the sound of the culture industry at work."

Pitchfork,80,"Its sweet earnestness in a shrewd, ambitious package. The music, like much Scandinavian pop, ignores genre to draw on whatever works, current and vintage."
Q Magazine,80,"The unpretentious nature of the music and Graham's laid-back attitude give each song an everyman quality, presented by a youthful, wide-eyed raconteur who has just enough life experience to speak to a wide audience."
Mojo,70,"Balancing old and new-school soul with Bruno Mars panache, this Danish singer's debut is a fine argument for pop optimism."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Lukas Graham connects best when relying on pop smarts, without reaching for grand epiphanies."
The Line of Best Fit,60,"By turns Maroon 5-jaunty and Ed Sheeran-reflective, the album has him making the best of every situation rather than yearning for something better."

PopMatters,83,"He tends to keep his lyrical focus exactly where youd expect any 23-year-olds to be: on good girls, bad girls, hard-to-get girls, and the partying and videogames that fill the rare downtime in between."
DIY Magazine,80,"Mind of Mine leaps right over anything on Justified and carves a path of its own. Next decades boybands will doubtless provoke discussion on which of them will break out like this, which one will be a Zayn."
NOW Magazine,80,"Zayn has clearly achieved his aim of making an album of sexy, credible pop-R&B."
The 405,80,"Soulful, sexy and captivating, Mind Of Mine hints at the flexibility, focus and character required of the brightest solo stars."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"His vocals are by far the albums most potent aspect, bringing grace and wonder even to the more routine material, and hoisting the better songs to classic status."
The Guardian,80,"That the sound hes chosen--clipped beats, hazy production flourishes, oodles of falsetto as a shortcut for emotional honesty--is basically 2016 writ large may seem bandwagon-jumping, but theres more than enough good stuff here to suggest its been created with love rather than with an eye on ticking boxes."
AllMusic,70,"A moody, deeply textured R&B album with vibe to spare, Mind of Mine sounds as if it was designed to showcase the effort and inspiration that went into it.... With 18 tracks on the deluxe edition, the album can wear you down with all its finely wrought sophistication, even when Zayn is singing about taking your clothes off."
Slant Magazine,67,"Mind Of Mine is a better whole than a collection of songs, and the standouts tend to be the shorter, less unambitious ditties (the theatrical Its You; the gut-punch party jam She)."
The 405,60,"Throughout this album, Mr. Malik opts for a low-octane approach, with varying success."
PopMatters,60,"Its not a step forward, really, its a step to the side. There are still hints of the pop star Zayn was drowning out the RnB icon he wants to become."
musicOMH.com,60,"As debut offerings often go, theres a fervent desire on Mind of Mine to stretch so far and wide that the cohesiveness of the record is lumbered as a result. The tracklist could have been refined to ten good tracks (most of which are on the bonus edition)."
The Line of Best Fit,60,"His songs get to where they need to go, but theyre lacking in narrative, specificity... purpose, if you will."
Pitchfork,60,"Mind Of Mine is an impressive enough debut, with excellent, laidback production and assured vocals. It's lyrically stunted, it's too long, and the overall sound is not starkly original, but the subtle elements of South Asian sounds set a promising tone of fusion."
Uncut,60,"For all its inevitable ubiquity, this downbeat, low-lit album has the bonus of not being in your face at all."
Exclaim,60,"In some ways, it works; the songs on Mind of Mine certainly skew towards more mature content and a sleeker, less bubblegum-y pop sound that's implemented expertly by producer Malay on silky smooth PBR&B-lite ballads like 'It's You.' It works less well on cuts like Kehlani collaboration 'Wrong,' which is gratingly heavy-handed with the Auto Tune--a problem that again rears its whiny head on 'Fool for You.'"
musicOMH.com,60,"He stumbles with tepid ballads like 'It's You' and 'Blue,' but the record is saved by its more experimental moments--specifically, the warm, neo-soul track 'Truth' and hypnotic Persian-infused intermission 'Flower.'"
Mixmag,59,"Lacking compelling hooks, a unifying mood, or a clear narrative, his debut is oddly inflexible and over-calculated."
Consequence of Sound,50,"His aim to dive fully into a nuanced direction is a good look, and even though it can be too much at times, his earnestness is a natural antidote to the sleazy misanthropic attitudes of Bieber or The Weeknd. Theres just not enough focus, and promise can only take one so far without differentiation from the artists youre emulating."
Resident Advisor,50,"Zayn sounds tentative when hes venturing into lyrical territory beyond his former bands purview, which compromises the albums clearly wide-ranging aims."
Clash Music,50,"The lyrics throughout Mind of Mine are similarly by-the-numbers pop-R&B: pleasure-obsessed, vaguely misogynist, and largely disposable. By the album's midpoint, Malik's playboy shtick starts to outstay its welcome."

Pitchfork,80,"Slay-Z is a blast. What sets Banks apart from her peers is her ability to bounce effortlessly between genres."
Rolling Stone,74,"Slay-Z isn't quite such a project [that will eclipse anything she does offline] but her talent is still apparent throughout its run time."
Spin,74,"On Slay-Z, there are hints of that power. They dont shine nearly as bright as her almost flawless debut record, but they keep us watching and listening."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Slay-Z is a solid EP that is also incredibly frustrating. It's frustrating because it is an example of the talent that Banks is wasting by devoting so much of her time and energy to having pissing contests on social media."
The Guardian,70,"Her outrageous self-possession plays out more vibrantly on some of these tracks, like Big Talk, which puts her up against the rapper Rick Ross, and Riot, which has a klaxon-like hook handled by Nina Sky. Theres no end to Ms. Bankss swagger, though her toughest moments veer toward the style of a hometown rival, Nicki Minaj."
Uncut,70,"Slay-Z is a very good mini-mixtape, and more than half of it sustains in any formation."
The Observer (UK),60,"Although Slay-Z's flat lyrics might be a little uninspiring for the sober listener, its vigorous beats and dizzying pace are perfect for settings that require more moving and less thinking."

Q Magazine,91,"She wears her girlishness on her own terms, and here it feels truer--and sounds stronger--than it has in years."
DIY Magazine,80,"Divorcing the music from its maker and inspirations can pose varying degrees of difficulty. But listeners who can imprint themselves on these songs will find much to enjoy in Stefanis Truth."
AllMusic,80,"If these Top 40 fixtures make the album feel in keeping with current radio pop, they don't crowd Stefani with unnecessary bells and whistles. Her singing--and, more important, what her singing is saying--is always front and center, which gives the music an intimate quality even at its most polished."
No Ripcord,70,"Its easy to chastise aging pop stars for chasing trends or trying to recapture past glories, but those efforts here are thrown into sharp relief by the maturity of the albums first half."
The Quietus,60,"The over-sauced, finger-wagging Naughty might take the joyful retribution to far in the panto direction but I Will Survive update Me Without You and joyful dancefloor rebirth Rare prove that Stefani has lost none of her pop spirit. [Jun 2016, p.117]"
Boston Globe,60,"Although it's a bright and buoyant effort--with recognisable touches of ska and reggae--her new album lacks the left-field flourishes that make her special."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"A little more courage would not have gone amiss."
The New York Times,60,"Over the albums 12 tracks, Stefani doesnt mope once--in fact, a lot of the time she sounds like she doesnt give a s**t. Where Would I Be and Send Me A Picture say it with Disney dancehall, while Me Without You is the closest she comes to balladry, singing I dont need you/not a little bit over polished trip-hop."
AllMusic,60,"The album has a rushed feel--a likable but low-personality version of her familiar bubble-pop solo mode, alternating between miffed breakup plaints (the Amy Winehouse tribute 'Naughty') and gushy new-boyfriend songs."
Rolling Stone,60,"When she gets heavy with either beats or ballads, This Is What The Truth Feels Like slows to a crawl. Cut away these excesses--these moments of emotional bloodletting or thirsty appeals to the top of the charts--and This Is What The Truth Feels Like manages to be as fleet, giddy and charming as Gwen Stefani ever is."
Boston Globe,59,"Stefanis focus on the good times alternates with songs where she expresses cartoonish anger by awkwardly rapping and shouting non-sequiturs (Naughty, Red Flag), and neither mode plays to her strengths as a songwriter and signature vocalist. Her best songs are the ones in which she is audibly upset."
The Guardian,50,"This Is What the Truth Feels Like is half-baked in places and perhaps a little too safe in others, but its really, properly genuine, and if she doesnt leave it a decade next time, Stefani might still be able to make a great pop record. Its in there, somewhere."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"The pop-rock of the albums first half is relaxed, breezy, intimate, and dull; the twitching beatscapes of its back end are tense, fiery, theatrical, and void."
PopMatters,42,"This Is What the Truth Feels Like lacks a cohesive style, instead focusing on narrative."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"Only reggae-lite skank Where Would I Be hints at Stefanis once playful personality. But the truth is that this feels like little more than careerist chart fodder."
musicOMH.com,25,"Theres nothing even remotely inventive here."

The Independent (UK),91,"On her stunning debut album, All My Demons Greeting Me as a Friend, the now-19-year-old channels a similar magical vibe as the art-pop superstar [Bjrk]."
The Guardian,85,"[The] big pop moments are the most thrilling, moreish moments on All My Demons but there are quieter moments where AURORA also excels."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Still a teenager at the time of the album's release, Aurora proves to be an already skilled fashioner of dynamic, affecting pop."
Pretty Much Amazing,80,"Her songs are a beguiling mix of sizzling synth-pop, and for want of a better phrase, Nordic-folk."
The New York Times,80,"Few albums meld frank postcards from the psyche with such poppy directness. [Apr 2016, p.93]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"Fears and sorrows hold a radiant gleam on All My Demons Greeting Me as a Friend, the rapturous debut album by the 19-year-old Norwegian singer and songwriter Aurora."
Clash Music,73,"AURORAs release packs a moody, but unexpectedly positive punch, throwing her amidst a sea of artists who do the same."
Spin,65,"It's not the show-stopping LP some might seek after the strength of the singles, but All My Demons Greeting Me as a Friend is more than enough to convince us she's a talent with more than two great songs in her."
The Quietus,60,"While All My DemonS is a listen thats at times varied, interesting and progressive, any connections made here are purely at surface level."
The Observer (UK),60,"While the intermittently minimalist production sounds vaguely voguish in a trip-hop kind of way, that sparseness often gives the songs a slightly anodyne quality. It makes for a record whose potential power feels dampened, if not neutralised altogether."

Exclaim,83,"A record that overwhelmingly delivers big beats and shout-along choruses straight to the brains pleasure center."
Rolling Stone,83,"Somehow, though, broad strokes suit these songs; Sia's unabashed aim is uplift and her fell for sing-along-until-your neighbor-bangs-on-the-radiator hooks rarely falter. [29 Jan/5 Feb 2016, p.107]"
Pitchfork,80,"When she strains so hard on Alive that her voice becomes pretty ragged, its thrilling. If you can buy into its concept, Sias play-acting is very entertaining indeed."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Its a brave act on Furlers part, to stand up and present a body of work that so many other people deemed not good enough, but ultimately, its a great collection of pop songs, cynical or not."
Boston Globe,80,"Thanks to the remarkable instrument that is Furler's voice: huge but fragile, fearlessly ragged and wild, seemingly a conduit of a tumultuous past that has included drug addiction and mental health issues, it perfectly counterpoints her songs' robust construction in a way that makes you wish she kept every song she wrote for herself."
Slant Magazine,70,"Every track is a potential hit, and Sias use of pure pop hooks, coupled with an astounding control over her rampant voice, makes this a very good record."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Given that Furler didn't originally plan to make these songs her own, it's impressive that This Is Acting works as well as it does--only the wannabe banger 'Move Your Body' and 'Sweet Design''s flashy, hard-hitting R&B are truly unconvincing. For the most part, however, This Is Acting's meta-pop is another example of how cleverly Sia brings her her experiments into the mainstream."
HipHopDX,70,"While Sia has declared her awareness of the cheese factor in her hired-gun material, with its broad themes of self-empowerment and survival, she has a real gift for making it palatable."
Pitchfork,70,"Some of the tracks, like the first few ballads, feel a tad exhausted and perhaps a little clichd, but that's the nature of Sia's universal, inclusive pop music, and on This is Acting, she approaches it in an intriguing way and performs it with gusto."
RapReviews.com,68,"It's a complete piece of work, and one that serves as a commentary on the intersectionality of art and fame by someone who has recently acquired a new level of notoriety. But the sacrifice here is the personal flair that gave her previous album a spark of creativity and set it apart from the songs she had already been writing for other pop stars."
The New York Times,67,"Whether we like her or not, Sia might be authoring the most iconic pop music of our generation. For this reason alone, This is Acting is worth at least one listen."
Spin,67,"While Sias lines wear a badge of effortlessness, her ripe voice lends gravitas to these victim to victory ballads (as the notoriously media-shy singer characterized them to the New York Times in a rare sit-down)."
Exclaim,60,"One can't shake the feeling that This Is Acting was compromised from the start. [Mar 2016, p.114]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"This is Acting has some good tracks on it and is obviously written by a very talented songwriter, its just not an album that demands excitement from its listeners."
Boston Globe,60,"It could never be accused of lacking honesty, commitment or power--some achievement given the songs were not all for her--but at times you long for Sia just to take a step back, to bring a little bit of that Zero 7 calm back into the equation."
Los Angeles Times,60,"This Is Acting, for all its backstory, rousing highlights, and questionable stylistic choices, actually feels like more of a placeholder than it was probably intended to be, continuing on the radio-ready success of 1000 Forms of Fear but doing very little to push her craft forward outside of exciting productions like Move Your Body and emotional breakthroughs like Space Between."
Slant Magazine,60,"Very little of her pop is dull, even when she is trying to write for lowest common denominator mass appeal. The best tune here by some distance is the maddest."
Q Magazine,60,"Its a pity there are some disappointing songs here because elsewhere on the record there is real brilliance."
The Telegraph (UK),60,"Where her other albums are more varied, this all-guns-blazing pop portfolio is a touch wearying. [Mar 2016, p.80]"
The Observer (UK),60,"Too often This is Acting is steeped in unimaginative cliche, and leans too heavily on familiar pop tropes in a way that her previous solo albums did not."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Despite a few highlights, This Is Acting is scattered and forgettable next to the emotional 1000 Forms of Fear."
Rolling Stone,60,"In isolation, almost everything here would be a solid example of the songwriter-for-hires art: if nothing bowls you over with its originality, its hard not to be impressed by the pitilessness with which the songs sink their hooks into you. But taken collectively, you notice the big flaw in Furlers approach."
AllMusic,60,"She manages to cut through generic themes to inject darker predilections with hard-sung vocals that sound downright masochistic at times."
Pitchfork,60,"Sometimes these outtakes feel like, well, outtakes.... Impressively, though, for an album that's more about utilitarian versatility than making the songs her own, Sia's personality often comes through."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Sia deserves credit for so easily slipping into the personas of her muses, but Sweet Design, which harks back to the go-go sound of Beyonc's B'Day, and Move Your Body, whose unabashed 4/4 beat and clattering EDM percussion are straight out of Rihanna's Loud, seem more like dated outtakes than underappreciated gems."
Spin,60,"Despite being so joyously engulfed by Sias voice, the songs come over as dispossessed orphans, all a variation on that same theme of being lost and held down by overbearing powers and temptations."
Consequence of Sound,50,"There are only so many times you can key into someones heart before they change the code, and after about 20 listens, the veneer crumbles a bit, and its a little too easy to see the gears turning underneath. But thats not the most frustrating thing about the record; the most frustrating thing is that Sia has so much access to us and just doesnt do much with it."
The Guardian,50,"In almost every way This Is Acting feels safer and more ordinary than 1000 Forms of Fear, with familiar (if sturdy) melodies and lyrical clichs about houses on fire and footprints in the sand."
Pretty Much Amazing,50,"Even as she and her producers flaunt their layered vocals and whiz-bang sound effects, there are already so many of Sias midtempo victim-to-victory anthems around that they offer diminishing returns, particularly when listened to as an album."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Its obviously understandable to attempt to capitalise upon the success of your best-known hit but on This Is Acting, Sia loses sight of what made her such an interesting artist in the first place."

The Line of Best Fit,60,"Wildfire is the work of a determined singer/songwriter who prizes craft over poetry or introspection. Platten specializes in skyscraping melodies and big, bombastic surfaces and these are the elements that not only fuel Wildfire, they distinguish it from the singer/songwriter's clear antecedents."
AllMusic,50,"The wounded Better Place and soothing Superman stand out, showing how Plattens songwriting skills can be used to tease out emotional subtleties. But too often here shes battling stuffed-to-the-gills arrangements."
musicOMH.com,50,"She has a clear, edgeless voice, and shes versatile, though often here it can sound like shes blindly experimenting with styles."
Mojo,40,"Efficient in conjuring intense emotion, the album has the hallmarks of a temporary success, but Plattens identity gets lost. This chameleon-like character is a mutant of pop artistry--a country twang occasionally slips into her intonation, and the ghosts of Carly Rae Jepsen, Shakira and Katy Perry haunt the lofty choruses."

The New York Times,100,"It is difficult to find fault with Blue Neighbourhood--it does what it does so well."
Paste Magazine,80,"It's exciting to hear someone so young and confident on the cusp of greatness."
Under The Radar,70,"Blue Neighbourhood features soft-touch synths and booming drum machines worthy of the next Lorde or Taylor Swift record."
DIY Magazine,60,"The relentless lightness can get predictable after a while, as one plush ballad blurs into another, but Blue Neighbourhood, like all the best young loves, is full of promise."

The Guardian,92,"Product is simply forward-thinking, flawlessly-produced electronic music that wants no more than to slap a grin on the dance floor."
The A.V. Club,90,"To say that PRODUCT leaves you wanting more is an understatement, beginning and ending with EDM you cant dance to, building and toppling all kinds of aural Legos in between."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Product is Sophie's debut LP, collecting four previously released singles plus four new ones in a concise introduction to a producer who has quickly crafted a style and perspective all his own."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Though these songs were released over the course of 18 months, Product holds together remarkably well as it captures SOPHIE's instantly addictive, ever-evolving reimagining of pop music."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"He has cultivated an allure and a presence by, paradoxically, remaining extremely quiet for long-periods of time. He has survived through the quality of his creative vision. Product streamlines this vision into a singular 'product'  that although is not an essential purchase, is still essential listening."
The Independent (UK),80,"The slow roll-out of singles over the past few months leading up to its release makes Product hard to consider as a singular cohesive package, but as a primer on SOPHIE, it's as good as it gets, a snapshot of an exciting artist whose tightrope walk between sweet and scary, pop and avant-garde, has yielded some of the best singles of the past few years."
No Ripcord,80,"As familiar as many of these tunes now are, Product still sounds disruptive, a sound pushing the limits of what constitutes pop and what is just an annoying noise you are inexplicably paying money for."
AllMusic,80,"What makes SOPHIEs music--and perhaps PC Musics catalogue as a whole--such a blast and, also, such a controversial topic is maybe due to the fact that it can read in a variety of manners."
Boston Globe,75,"The bottom line is this: Product is a great album, even though it isn't exactly surprisingly great. Many of Sophies best tracks, come to find out, are the ones weve heard since 2013."
Exclaim,75,"A bubblegum blowing onslaught of songs old and new, this singles collections is a brilliant mlange of style and substance. More thrills are, surely, on their way."
Pitchfork,70,"They never outstay their welcome or settle into anything as complacent as a groove, leaving nothing behind but a sugary residue and a feeling of faint violation. [Jan 2016, p.80]"
Pretty Much Amazing,70,"PRODUCT is truly what you make of it - both highly addictive and somewhat unfinished, it leaves a good amount of open space for the listener to construct a set of vivid, imaginary images into something personal, even meaningful."
Consequence of Sound,67,"Though Product is billed as a singles collection, its sequencing matters like an album; the tracks placement lets it bow under the weight of all the bizarre moments that precede it, leaving gashes too deep for it to be as treacly and plasticine as its title might suggest."
Q Magazine,66,"Heard as individually and spaced many months apart, the best tracks here were diamond-hard realizations of very specific sonic ideas; placed on an album alongside songs that use similar ingredients but are markedly inferior, they rattle around in the can, perfect objects in search of the right container."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Of the four new tracks, Just Like We Never Said Goodbye is the pick, evoking a John Hughes school disco scene soundtracked by Aphex Twin, though anyone feeling  the package still lacks substance can select the full 'Silicon' option at Sophie's webstore. [Feb 2016, p.118]"
musicOMH.com,40,"Curiously, the tracks that smugly seem to be going out of their way to get on your nerves arent the most infuriating thing about Product. The stuff detailed above makes up the rump of the album, but its not the whole story. There are a handful of instrumentals, which, if not terribly substantial, are at least intriguing."

PopMatters,80,"It sure doesn't sound like a band that's hanging it up, because all four are on a roll musically, chasing the rock vibe of Midnight Memories and Four."
The Observer (UK),80,"With these 13 tracks--nine of which the band had a hand in writing--One Direction does maturity much better than on its last album, 2014's ballad-heavy Four."
The Independent (UK),80,"A slight tone of weariness may have crept into 1Ds lyrics with songs about break-ups and yearning for home but musically it remains anthemic, up-tempo, superior pop, with elegant song structure, ear worm hooks and radio busting choruses."
Uncut,75,"Another deft collection of shiny, hermetically sealed anthems."
DIY Magazine,70,"Their songwriting shows growth, their vocals remain flawless, the production team continues to throw the occasional curveball to go along with the softballs, and there are plenty of songs that sound like the best pop music has to offer in 2015."
Billboard.com,60,"On Made in the A.M. the group takes advantage of its nothing-to-lose position with a handful of cuts that feel even loosey-goosier than usual."
The Guardian,60,"1Ds swan song is hopelessly neither here nor there, appropriate to the drinking-age attention spans of an act whose solo careers beckon."
NOW Magazine,60,"The four lads were never going to bow out with experimental jazz-fusion, and this fifth LP sees them sweep between imitation indie and synthpop on stadium-ready and sweetly vacuous form."
Rolling Stone,50,"Instead of making a One Direction farewell album, they made a Take That comeback album."
Slant Magazine,40,"Made In The AM doesnt really change anything for One Direction; it's simply another slick set of pop songs designed to strike a chord with their teenage fanbase and win over a few older fans along the way."
Spin,40,"Made in the A.M. is much the same, rootless and vague even when it lands on a clear style, like the Coldplay-esque Infinity, or Never Enough, a wacky number with intense a cappella gimmickry and exuberant mid-1980s drums and horns that recall, of all things, Huey Lewis and the News.... The music is too banal to support exceptional singing."

Tiny Mix Tapes,83,"Biebers sound is much more deliberately of the moment: a skittering, metallic synthesis of dance music and modern R&B whose evolution probably owes a lot to new-school collaborators Diplo and Skrillex, as well as the lesser-known production wizard Poo Bear."
Los Angeles Times,80,"It looks to be a strong move in his transition to adulthood and proves there's far more to him than being a pretty face for schoolgirls to swoon over."
The New York Times,80,"Despite its countless co-writers and producers, chief among them Biebers bestie Jason Poo Bear Boyd, the album boasts a consistent palette of lush, low-key electro-dance sounds: sun-warped synths, chipmunk accent vocals, rattling trap hi-hats, and loads of bass.... Its in this Spotify-age blend of dance, hip-hop, R&B and classic smooth-dude vocalizing that Bieber truly shows his growth."
Clash Music,80,"Biebers offering is less of a mainstream crowd pleaser and all the more interesting for it, a quirky, atmospheric electro RnB concoction with sci-fi sounds and offbeat vocal samples that focus attention on the stars soft, supple and seductive singing."
AllMusic,75,"Notably shy of repetitive stadium-sized singalongs, it's a more intimate and mature affair on all accounts. By quieting things down, Justin Bieber may just drown out the noise."
Boston Globe,70,"It's full of motivational Bieb-talk about the realness of the Bieb-struggle."
The New York Times,70,"By giving us the best album of his career, and subsequently re-ascending to Top 40s mountaintop, Biebers answered his own question: In pop music, its never too late to say youre sorry."
The Guardian,70,"Many of the albums strongest moments find room in the spaces hes already mined giving his house blends more depth."
The Guardian,62,"The second half of the album is monochromatic and depressing, especially as it runs out to 20 tracks in certain versions."
AllMusic,60,"Its when Biebers honesty feels less-than-honest and the tracks feel less-than-groundbreaking that this album falls short of the heights it should by all means be capable of reaching."
Billboard.com,60,"The acerbic kiss-off Love Yourself feels like an honest stab at subverting the standard breakup ballad, but elsewhere his lyrics are overly concerned with righteousness and keeping things PG-rated."
Rolling Stone,60,"If Purpose focused on the excursions into global dance sounds that earned him popularity outside the insular Belieber fandom, it might have been one of the best pop records of the year and alleviated some of the headaches induced by his lyrical persona. It certainly doesn't help that Purpose is another entry in an ever growing catalog of big tent releases that relegates some of its best tracks to bonus track status."
Resident Advisor,60,"A bumpy, oddly compelling restart, Purpose should hook open-minded pop fans who previously paid him no mind, and it could even win back some of those who wrote Bieber off years ago."
Spin,60,"The lead-up to Purpose produced three unexpectedly great beats, for Where Are  Now, Sorry and What Do You Mean? respectively. Just as unexpectedly, there are even more where these came from."
NOW Magazine,60,"The musical direction owes much to co-producer Skrillex, whose unexpectedly subtle electronic palette complements Biebers affectedly breathy voice. The voice soon palls, but the songs are often interesting."
AllMusic,60,"Its clear plenty of good choices have been made here. Its not quite redemption--only time will tell if hell curb the recklessness--but its certainly a start at reinvention."
The Line of Best Fit,50,"You cant hear The Feeling in his voice, which is still one of the most infectiously beautiful in the industry, because as his faith has saved him from his pain, his production team has saved his voice from Justin. It makes for a series of unbeatable mainstream and crossover singles, and a desensitized, unnerving album."
Exclaim,50,"The album also takes itself so seriously that too often it inadvertently suppresses exactly what made Bieber so appealing in the first place."
The Observer (UK),50,"Even though Mr. Bieber is younger than all of the men of One Direction, he sounds exponentially more experienced, and exponentially more fatigued on Purpose. He is also the best singer of the bunch, and the one with a clear vision for his sound, even if hes being largely denied it here."
PopMatters,33,"Skrillex and Diplo successfully serve up twitchy beats ready to incite anything with a pulse, but the sentiment at the albums core leans toward insufferable."

Pretty Much Amazing,70,"Ultimately, Little Mix's stylish, decade-blending synergy works, and Get Weird ends up being a lot of fun."
Under The Radar,67,"Too bad the quartet play it safe with glossy anthems, misty-eyed ballads, and rowdy pep-rally stompers."
Uncut,60,"There are lots of little things to like about Little Mixs third album.... But there are too many instances here of registers painfully over-reached, and uneasy compromises between emotion and arrangement."
No Ripcord,60,"Melodramatic ballads like 'Secret Love Song' and 'Love Me Or Leave Me' aren't as entertaining, but they're outweighed by the sassy kiss-offs of 'Hair' ('He was just a dick and I knew it') and 'Grown' ('Your voice dropped and you thought you could handle me')."
Consequence of Sound,60,"Apart from a couple of ballads, and the odd moments of mediocrity (Secret Love Song, which features Jason Derulo, and Hair), business is largely buoyant."

Pitchfork,70,"Ultimately, Wiped Out! comes off as a 'see what sticks' effort; it's slick and polished, but hits varying levels of satisfaction throughout."
Q Magazine,60,"The subtler, less stylized Wiped Out! keeps the palm-trees-at-twilight feel, but the sound is more hazy R&B than rock."
The Guardian,60,"This is surf music for street goths and beach bums with bad attitudes."
Rolling Stone,60,"The LA quintet still sound like 16-year-old boys.... Musically, though, their slick soulful pop-R&B is far more refined. [Dec 2015, p.94]"
Billboard.com,60,"Wiped Out! is a fine wine in a sea of vodka Red Bulls, and having successfully mixed pop, rock and hip-hop together, it seems like they have finally defined their sound as a band."
The Telegraph (UK),50,"The warmth of 'Sweater Weather' and the rest of the Neighbourhood's debut album is gone on Wiped Out!, replaced by a ponderous kind of cool."
Entertainment Weekly,30,"A stylistic and conceptual vacuum. [Jan 2016, p.78]"

AllMusic,80,"Rather than feeling like a mash-up of their favourite bands--which is no bad thing--album two finds the four-man phenomenon firming up their identity and becoming their own band."
Los Angeles Times,80,"5 Seconds To Summer are clearly at their best when drummer Ashton is let loose behind his kit and the band are powering through huge, catchy choruses. [17 Oct 2015, p.52]"
Spin,80,"When compared to their debut, the maturity of Sounds Good is evident. [Nov 2015, p.95]"
The Guardian,67,"Overall, 5 Seconds Of Summer puts a contemporary spin on early-00s mainstream pop-punk by avoiding the kind of self-pity, hopelessness, and subtle misogyny that sometimes dogged that nascent scene. More importantly, Sounds Good Feels Good never condescends to the bands core audience of young female fans."
Drowned In Sound,60,"5SOS finds a balance in their sound here that feels right for them, and ultimately the accurately titled Sounds Good Feels Good suggests there isnt actually all that big of a gap between the boy band and pop-punk milieus, and probably never was."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"They should step outside of their comfort zone more often."
The New York Times,60,"All that retro angst is more rote and less involving than the way its debut tried to square loud guitars with the hooky imperatives of chart pop. In the last several tracks, though, the energy returns."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Their second LP shows off their musical knowledge and ambition without getting in the way of their own preternatural adorableness."
Clash Music,60,"The alt-pop band (who share management with One Direction) sound programmed to ooze adolescence until the last drop of Lynx Africa runs dry. There are signs of maturity, however, inspired by the pristine punk of Fall Out Boy and Good Charlotte."
Billboard.com,60,"For better or worse, that same sense of dj vu pervades much of Sounds Good Feels Good, with the band borrowing liberally from its influences."
The Telegraph (UK),40,"Within the first four songs, 5SOS shout out underachievers, college dropouts and kids battling low self-esteem. They do so with winning sincerity, but even that cant quite make up for the records derivative sound."

The 405,90,"Her willingness to own every step and misstep, and to show her audience how the rough times helped her become the woman she is, makes Confident a surprisingly compelling listen."
Rolling Stone,83,"Confident, released by Disneys Hollywood Records, bursts with titanic melodies from songwriters like Max Martin and Ryan Tedder, and the 23-year-olds unstoppable vocal power imbues these songs with an exciting rock & roll edge."
Spin,80,"The cumulative result is a messy, colorful modern pop record that is greater than the sum of its parts."
Complex,75,"Confident is an impressive album by a pop star who knows what she wants--and also knows exactly how to get there."
Pitchfork,70,"Demi Lovato's fifth studio LP is the album she was born to make: a brassy, sleek, dynamic pop production that lets her powerful voice soar to new emotional highs."
HipHopDX,60,"Too often equating emotion with shouting (see the final third of Father), Confident doesnt quite elevate Lovato to where she needs to be."
NOW Magazine,60,"Nothing else on Confident is quite as much fun [as Cool For The Summer], but Lovato's intensity never wavers as the album alternates between trap-influenced midtempo tracks like the Iggy Azalea-assisted 'Kingdom Come' and bombastic power ballads that show off her mighty vocals."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"Only a certain sheen that turns her vocals into a generic hybrid of Sia and Kelly Clarkson stops Confident from being one of the pop albums of 2015."
AllMusic,50,"Lovato mistakes the ability to cram as many syllables as possible into each word with virtuosity. And the album likewise mistakes overwrought for confident."

The Observer (UK),80,"You can hear his love and enthusiasm bursting out of these grooves, not just in the way he roars over the top of melody lines but in the spaces he creates for other musicians to shine."
The Guardian,70,"Its wider emotional range and stylistic switch-ups, none of which is outside Newman's grasp, give it a slight edge."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Thats not to say it isnt a pretty powerful album with a few moments of greatness buried somewhere beneath. Its just to say ... come on, man! Get those hands dirty!"
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Newman chews his way through these 11 songs with abandon; you can almost hear him trying to do the splits in gold trousers on the bigger numbers."
The A.V. Club,40,"Greg Kurstins frantic production sounds overegged, and the lyrical platitudes (Something feels kinda special, I want to give you more etc) betray no real personality. Newmans voice deserves better."
The New York Times,40,"Track after track follows the same formula, with Newmans subdued introductory verse swallowed by a huge, anthemic refrain that never lets up, his voice drowned in a tide of orchestra and chorus, all dialled up to 11. Its quite frustrating."

Consequence of Sound,100,"You never find yourself in the presence of music that sounds self-consciously clever. Everything flows easily, nothing jars."
AllMusic,90,"Hlose Letissiers synth-driven record is a more subtle, catch-you-unaware affair."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"A truly enjoyable record, a durable collection of interesting and exciting pop music that is hopefully only the first of many to come from Christine and the Queens."
The Independent (UK),80,"It is both old news and a welcome opportunity to praise Letissiers stylish, empathetic songs: bilingual, sexually fluid, influenced by R&B, hip-hop and glitchy digitals."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"A bright, well constructed and boldly vivid first outing, showing a first rate ear for instantly osmosing melody, this debut is written for the Christine in everyone."
The Guardian,80,"There's no manifesto here, only an exploration of identity, just as Letissier searches for her place in this decade's pantheon of fabulous poly-musical femmes. [Apr 2016, p.92]"
Exclaim,80,"There's melodrama aplenty, but it's the meaningful lyricism in both French and English--and a smart Kanye sample on Paradis Perdus--that make it really sparkle. [Apr 2016, p.102]"
Billboard.com,80,"Unexpected collaborations with stateside cool kids like Perfume Genius on the aching Jonathan and talented Philly rapper Tunji Ige on the plush No Harm Is Done should charm any skeptics who might worry Letissier got lost in translation."
AllMusic,80,"Her music is bold and fully formed."
Mojo,80,"Where Marinas appeal lies in her writing her emotions large through her music, Christine achieves something more challenging and arguably richer in gleefully obfuscating hers--making her as difficult to read in song as on her minimalist and tonally flat LP cover, but essentially inviting you to come and be puzzling with her."
DIY Magazine,70,"This expertly wrought debut is an impressive platform for twentysomething polymath Heloise Letissier. [Apr 2016, p.71]"

Rolling Stone,83,"On her fifth album Gomez goes for mood-setting, and the result is a gripping batch of sultry pop jams that are more Netflix and chill, less Lets hit the clurb."
Uncut,80,"Revival is an audacious name for a 23-year-old singer's second album, but from start to finish, Gomez earns it. This is the sound of a newly empowered pop artist growing into her strengths like never before."
Rock Sound,80,"A forthright album of pop songs that make it clear she is ready to be honest and even vulnerable in her music."
Kerrang!,70,"Song for song, Revival rivals Carly Rae Jepsen's Emotion for breakout pop album of the year, but if it similarly falls short of greatness, it's due in large part to a lack of originality."
Alternative Press,70,"Theres enough growth here to accept the occasional stumble. Revival, like Good For You, is a damn fine, hook-laden surprise. Selena Gomez has found a voice worth paying serious attention to."
The A.V. Club,70,"Far from a scorched-earth rebranding a la Cyrus 2013 raunchfest Bangerz, Revival turns out to be surprisingly modest, from its midtempo pacing to its thoughtful introspection."
Spin,60,"The album frequently slips back into forgettable genericism, and its back half is mediocre--but its also a strength. At its high points, Revival is marked by this lush, sphinx-like readinessss: as if, after a decade and a half of being nonstop front and center, Gomez has finally figured out what it means to center herself."
The Observer (UK),60,"The most surprising thing about Revival is its understatement, despite the hit-making co-writers, from the softly bubbling beats of the title track and the lust-dream R&B of Good for You to the spooky Ashes to Ashes synths of winning Charli XCX collaboration Same Old Love."
Billboard.com,60,"It makes for a solid pop album overall, but it's a little too formulaic and predictable to rate among her best work."





Rolling Stone,80,"Thanks to the steady hand of veteran producer Joel Little, though, Broods have concocted a record of marked consistency, one that commands attention from its first wail to its last syllable."
The Guardian,80,"Conscious builds upon the promise of their debut and goes well beyond with a tight vision of a glimmering pop future for the Notts."
AllMusic,80,"Sleek, elegant but neck deep in gory realities, Conscious is a record that deals in the very best and worst of the world but instead of getting dragged down with the weight of these realisations, Broods climb high."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"Conscious may be polished to a high gloss, but it lacks the personality and emotion that made Broods debut such a shadowy revelation."
Billboard.com,50,"Conscious is merely competent--never truly exciting."

Entertainment Weekly,80,"The groups power has always come from its Spice Girls-like ability to form a massive unit of self-actualization, and the peppy 7/27 has no shortage of that, both lyrically and musically."
AllMusic,75,"The sassy girl-power proclamations and gleefully unsubtle double-entendres that elevated the groups 2015 debut, Reflection, are largely pushed aside for mid-tempos about romance and intimacy. Deep, vulnerable, personal--these were some of the quintets stated goals for 7/27. Its not a bad look by any means."
The A.V. Club,70,"7/27 mostly rises to the occasion."
Rolling Stone,70,"Ultimately, while 7/27 isn't quite as loose or as fun as one might hope, Fifth Harmony prove they can balance youthful swagger with grown-up sophistication."
The Observer (UK),62,"Finally, albeit in flashes, there are hints that Fifth Harmony may reach that peak."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Fifth Harmonys talents do get their shine in spots of this front-loaded hodgepodge."
The Guardian,60,"The second Fifth Harmony LP isn't a massive step forward, but with a constant bombardment of hooks, high energy and incredible harmony there's not much time to catch your breath to compare."

Slant Magazine,100,"Skin is brilliant across the board."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"While it could have benefitted from some editing, Skin still shows a lot of growth--it's more mature, and more memorable, than Flume."
AllMusic,75,"Gearing up to be the next EDM crossover talent, Flumes sophomore effort, Skin, showcases a producer at ease with all of the sounds moving tickets at Americas major festival events: hip-hop, indie pop, and EDM."
PopMatters,70,"Restless versatility is all over the LP, generating the emotional crests and sensory overload a festival crowd demands, but with a nuance that'll make it work even if you aren't shirtless in the desert."
The Observer (UK),70,"While satisfying, the record could have used a bit more of that invention and risk."
The Guardian,70,"While so much EDM sounds the same right now, his tracks are thankfully hard to pigeonhole--as they weave industrial, deep house, dubstep, minimal and hip hop influences into a cohesive whole thats both danceable and perfect for sofa listening too."
The Independent (UK),70,"If the burden on electronic producers is to establish personality beyond a dense network of light displays and computer processing, this album gets Flume halfway there: It shows him as unquestionably human (overeager, alternately flashy and timid, sometimes more in awe than in control), but still a bit faceless."
The Guardian,67,"Skin is the sound of Flume reaching for great heights and almost grasping what he seeks there."
musicOMH.com,64,"[Wall Fuck is] short and snappy, gone too fast in an album that couldve been streamlined to let moments like it shine. But maybe its the sound of floodgates opening."
The Line of Best Fit,60,"Distinguished guests--UK nearly siren AlunaGeorge, rapper Vince Staples--are ushered respectfully through a series of viable electronic hinterlands, where a couple of them, notably perennial cameo supplier Little Dragon and Wu Tang vet Raekwon, manage to put down roots in actual songs."

The Observer (UK),83,"Largely gone are the doo-wop vocals and soulful arrangements of her debut, Title. Instead, with help from producers like Ricky Reed (Fifth Harmony, Jason Derulo), she delivers wide-eyed pre-9/11 popand this throwback vibe suits her."
DIY Magazine,70,"She's smart to keep things light and positive--it's a deliberately youthful sound in an era that yearns for maturity--but by working the same territory so carefully, the seams in her construction are difficult to ignore."
Mojo,67,"Self-empowerment can shade into self-aggrandizement when it isnt delivered in a convincing way, and Thank You only periodically rises to the challenge."
Q Magazine,60,"Thank You is an interesting album in that it shows musical growth for Meghan Trainor while simultaneously moving her closer to the more homogenous sound of mainstream pop. Its not great by any means, but it is definitely catchy and easy to sing along with."
Billboard.com,60,"The self-infatuation on this album is less attempted-clever and more ambient, a body-posi constant that gives the plethora of tasty palm-muted figures and colorful production settings a semblance of gravity even if it becomes the favorite of the Yaaas queen-abusing straight Facebook friend you had to unfollow."
Pitchfork,60,"Trainor continues the self-esteem party on Thank You, and the cracks that were already forming on her debut grow a little wider and deeper on its followup."
Spin,50,"She has a round and slightly stodgy voice thats most effective when it aims lowest, as on the winning novelty song Dance Like Yo Daddy, full of quizzical dance instructions (Can you overbite? Can you old man overbite?) and doo-wop harmonies over a skronking sax and sock-hop swing. Elsewhere on this spotty album, Ms. Trainor grinds her way through tough-stand songs like Watch Me Do, a homage to Destinys Childs Independent Women (Part 1), and Me Too, where she awkwardly proclaims self-love."
Uncut,40,"Ultimately, much of Thank You is a bit of a hotchpotch, after her initial efforts were rejected and main producer Ricky Reed called on to conjure up some hits."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"One or two of these songs might scan as tongue-in-cheek; nearly half an album's worth is a form of caricature, paying lip service to a millennial generation raised on hollow self-affirmations."
Rolling Stone,20,"Trainor just isnt a convincing pop star. While the Britney-lite lead single No has its moments, most of the other songs are identity-free filler."

Boston Globe,80,"She immediately impresses with a solid version of Wanda Jackson's Funnel Of Love, then moves on to deliver a brace of Patsy Cline classics that stand the comparison test, before with the aid of Vince Gill, whooping it up on You're The Reason Our Kids Are Ugly. [Jun 2016, p.94]"
Slant Magazine,70,"Whether Lauper will replicate the commercial success of Tuskegee is doubtful, but this is Cyndi Lauper were talking about, so only a fool would bet against it."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Detour is a great showcase for Lauper's vocal range and prowess, but the freak factor is dishearteningly low. [No. 131, p.59]"
Los Angeles Times,70,"With Nashville stalwart Tony Brown co-producing, she flexes both empathy and interpretive might. [Jun 2016, p.75]"
Spin,60,"The material is there, as is the voice, but too often the two become muddled despite her best efforts to the contrary. If nothing else, Detour is a enjoyable glimpse into a career path untaken."
The Observer (UK),60,"Not every guest spot works--Lauper's idiosyncrasies don't quite mesh with Alison Krauss's pristine bluegrass harmonies on Dolly Parton's 'Hard Candy Christmas.' But Lauper and Willie Nelson are simpatico originals on 'Night Life,' and 'You're the Reason Our Kids Are Ugly,' with Vince Gill playing Conway to her Loretta, is Cyndi's kind of shtick."
AllMusic,60,"On a track-by-track level, Detour has a few stumbles--the biggest is 'Night Life,' and that's due to the gravelly growl of Willie Nelson, not Lauper--and if it's taken as a collection of performances and not a coherent record, it's fun."
PopMatters,58,"None of the songs on Detour are without at least some merit, though a few are without any discernible marketplace value, save niche kiosks along I-40 or the occasional road trippers Spotify."
The New York Times,50,"Nothing here hasnt been done many times before, and much better, by either the original artists (do we need a shockingly feeble-voiced Willie Nelson dueting with Lauper on his Night Life?) or others closer to the country aesthetic."
Billboard.com,40,"Her history and significance is rooted in rebellion--but thats easy to overlook with a record this diluted."
Rolling Stone,40,"The thing that's missing from Detour, though, is emotion. [Jul 2016, p.110]"

AllMusic,100,"Cynics will cry foul, that Beyonc remains an entitled superstar, raging at a paper tiger. Those cynics will be ignoring one of this years finest albums."
Consequence of Sound,100,"Lemonade is Beyoncs finest hour."
Entertainment Weekly,100,"Lemonade marks Beyoncs most accomplished work yet. It is the perfect combination of the sharp songwriting of 4 with the visual storytelling acumen of her self-titled record. Here, we see Beyonc fully coming into her own: wise, accomplished, and in defense of herself."
The Guardian,100,"This is her second visual album, and Lemonade is best served with the visuals, a semi-autobiographical film with deft dream-logic, a Purple Rain for the internet age. Its waves wash over the political-commercial-aesthetic limits of Beyonce, which at the time of its release felt a generic/political revelation, but now seems watered-down compared to the bittersweet specificity and holler of Lemonade."
Mojo,100,"Her boldest, most ambitious, best album to date."
Q Magazine,100,"Lemonade is fiery, insurgent, fiercely proud, sprawling and sharply focused in its dissatisfaction."
Uncut,100,"Its a rare album that sounds this warm, this easy, this melodic, this fierce, this startling, this unforgettable."
Drowned In Sound,100,"Lemonade is her most emotionally extreme music, but also her most sonically adventurous."
Under The Radar,100,"Lemonade is by far Beyoncs strongest album."
Magnet,94,"It is both album and manifesto, and illustrates the true power of art. The power to conjure back from the dark the voice of people the world has chosen to ignore."
AllMusic,91,"All over Lemonade, Beyonc is describing her own personal reality, on her terms and informed by her worldview. That the album simultaneously pushes mainstream music into smarter, deeper places is simply a reminder of why she remains pops queen."
Rolling Stone,90,"Never short on vocal confidence, here, she trades divadom for arresting, unconventional shapes. [Jul 2016, p.69]"
Exclaim,90,"With all matters of the heart explored in extremely intimate detail it sees Beyonc back on top of the pop world ready to slay like only she can."
Pitchfork,90,"As a body of songs, Lemonade presents Bey at her most skilled and fully matriculated as a pop studio maven and conductor of the presents preferred orchestral mode: creative file-sharing. ... Lemonade the album, however, is out to sonorously suck you into its gully gravitational orbit the old fashioned way, placing the burden of conjuration on its steamy witches brew of beats, melodies, and heavy-hearted-to-merry-pranksterish vocal seductions."
Pretty Much Amazing,90,"The result is an album in which millions will find their own struggles reflected back to them, as therapeutic as it is utterly dazzling. If you've ever been handed lemons, you need Lemonade."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"Lemonade is Beyonc at her most benevolent, and her most unadulterated. Treating her blackness not as an affliction but a celebratory beacon, Lemonade is a long overdue, cathartic retribution."
Drowned In Sound,90,"['Sorry,'] is a combative, unglossy track on an album full of them. ... As she did with her 2013 album, Beyonc, she has also paired the music with full-length video that expands and deepens its impact."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),90,"On the fierce, vivid Lemonade, Beyonc goes full shock and awe."
The A.V. Club,89,"By effortlessly topping her own best work. Lemonade now sets a new standard for cross-genre collaboration."
Consequence of Sound,88,"Itll take a while to absorb everything that Beyonce has poured into her sixth studio album--a dozen songs plus a 60-minute movie that is more than just a mere advertisement for the music, but an essential companion that provides context and deepens understanding. But its apparent already that Lemonade is the artists most accomplished and cohesive work yet."
Sputnikmusic,85,"Lemonade is a stunning album, one that sees her exploring sounds she never has before. It also voices a rarely seen concept, that of the album-length ode to infidelity. Even stranger, it doesnt double as an album-length ode to breaking up."
musicOMH.com,80,"Lemonade hits hard. Beyonce has chosen to portray herself like this, and those choices  are bold, powerful and at times, properly shocking. [#361, p.110]"
AllMusic,80,"With its wealth of sonic adventure, its thoughtful merger of the personal and the political, and its four choice guest spots (Jack White; Kendrick Lamar; James Blake; Abel Makkonen Tesfaye AKA The Weeknd), Lemonade is a dazzling example of pooled talent coalescing around an iconic doyenne. There can be little doubt on whose head Princes crown should now sit."
Boston Globe,80,"Musically its the first half of the album that shows us a new side of Beyonc, one that thrives in dark atmospheres and minimalism in a way her music never did before."
Slant Magazine,80,"This is a record that is highly sonically ambitious, and even the moments that dont quite come together are carried by Beyoncs vocal talents and sheer star power."
Exclaim,80,"Lemonade isnt an easy album, but it wasnt meant to be. Lemonade is blessed with nuance and fueled by anger, awash in politics but still meant to be consumed as a pop product. Its as danceable as it is dark, as incendiary as it is inspiring."
cokemachineglow,80,"In a year when the worlds biggest artists have put their necks on the line--Rihannas leave-me-alone, independent streak of Anti, Kanye Wests scatterbrained ever-changing doodle The Life of Pablo--Beyonc can count herself as a risk-taker breaking new ground, up there with the bravest."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"What sets Lemonade apart are the ways it continually highlights the fine line between empathy and anger. Its a line Beyonc walks with supreme confidence."
Pitchfork,80,"Pop culture's reigning diva appeared in raw form--a vulnerable mess and unapologetically enraged as she thematically confronted her husband and father's alleged infidelity publicly, through visceral imagery and emotionally loaded sonic offerings."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Lemonade is strikingly varied. ... Where her huge team fails to innovate is on the albums drab middle few cuts about acceptance and forgiveness--chief among them the horrible hoedown Daddy Lessons, which blends whooping with boring rhymes (Daddy made me fight / It wasn't always right). But the final four tracks see quality return, and penultimate track All Night, in particular, is one of Beyoncs most nuanced vocal performances to date."
Rolling Stone,80,"The difference is that those albums [Anti and The Life Of Pablo] were at best a bold and intriguing mess: the sense that the artists behind them were having trouble marshalling their ideas was hard to escape. Lemonade, however, feels like a success, made by someone very much in control."
Spin,70,"The cathartic and wounded moments here resonate in a manner matched by few, if any, of Beyonc's contemporaries. She sometimes eclipses herself in terms of raw emotion, as on the throttling Jack White encounter 'Don't Hurt Yourself.' At the low-volume end, there's more power in the few seconds she chokes back tears while singing 'Come back'--timed with the backing vocal in Isaac Hayes' version of 'Walk on By'--than there is in most contemporary ballads."
NOW Magazine,70,"If Lemonade feels less ambitious than the near-70-minute Beyonc, it's probably because the penetrating spoken-word interludes, composed of verses by Somali-British poet Warsan Shire, featured in Lemonade's accompanying long-form music video have been excised from the album itself."

The New York Times,90,"Here there is less pop, more disco, less experimentation, more thought, less anthem, more groove and unjustly more quality, less attention."
PopMatters,80,"This album is an incredibly unprecedented but refreshing shift in focus after negating the responsibility to carry the Scandinavian synthpop touch, moving on in a way that is elegant, more purposeful, and smarter, even though it might be less bombastic and more long-winded."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),80,"Everybodys Heart Is Broken Now resolutely clings to the idea that faded memories can be given vibrant colour through song and that music preserves inner tempests and dreamed oases in amber--and for the most part it succeeds as evidence of that."
Under The Radar,80,"Niki & the Dove are making their own quiet contribution to politics on Everybodys Heart is Broken Now and at the same time having a subtle evolution, rather than revolution, of their own. Same band, different tempo, slow riot."
Entertainment Weekly,78,"They always sound nostalgic, but the immediacy of Dahlstrm's vocals yanks all the warm, communal feelings associated with that sound into a present where they're in short supply."
AllMusic,70,"Worth the wait. [Jun 2016, p.76]"
Rolling Stone,70,"Everybody's Heart Is Broken Now is a satisfying, long-awaited return for Niki and the Dove."

New York Daily News (Jim Faber),80,"It is delicately shaded and tells us more of her hopes, dreams, fears and feelings than any interview ever could. It is this direct communication with her listeners, coupled with the strongest of loyalties to her underground heritage, that makes her music as strong as it is."
Pretty Much Amazing,80,"Honey is an energetic and youthful love letter to Katy Bs clubbing roots."
The 405,75,"Katy B is a master of capturing that oceanic feeling when individuality melts away, and every soul rises and falls together on the wave of the beat."
NOW Magazine,72,"Honey lacks the coherence of her previous albums, but as a love letter to the rave it's eloquent and sincere."
Exclaim,70,"Its an exemplar of her adaptability, and in a music realm stacked with mind-numbing, homogeneous house numbers, Katy B still occupies a lane of her own."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Where Little Red saw Katy throwing herself into the occasional ballad, Honey is reduced to a pure set of dance music; within these aesthetic limits, though, it may be her most varied record stylistically."
Pitchfork,70,"Katy B has a way to go in separating herself from the influx of R&B singers who dabble in dub, but shes beginning to pave a path worth following."
AllMusic,70,"Its the spirit of community that defines Honey, a doting mixtape that cherishes the one thing that matters most to Katy B: club culture. From making it past the door to after-hours rejections, Briens narrative thrives musically upon teamwork."
The Line of Best Fit,60,"Honey suffers when its producers smooth out their rougher edges to accommodate Katys chart-star status."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"The narrative she introduced with her first single Katy on a Mission--the story of a prospective dancefloor tryst--still dominates, and its a subject that barely contains the emotional mileage to sustain a single song, let alone a whole body of work. Her vocal melodies, meanwhile, can feel almost abrasive in their mediocrity. Instead, its left to the production to provide the wit, amusement and emotion."
Slant Magazine,60,"Honey's intentions are noble but the results are mixed. [Jun 2016, p.69]"
The Observer (UK),60,"A cast list as long as Honeys inevitably produces a patchwork. Some tunes are so uneventful you wonder why they bothered."
Spin,60,"This is an album you need to be enveloped by--the louder it is, the better it sounds. [Jun 2016, p.115]"
Consequence of Sound,60,"This is not the most cohesive body of work, granted, but oh man does it have some total bangers."
Boston Globe,50,"Honey nonetheless comes across as an attention-grabbing experiment more than it does a third proper full-length."
AllMusic,50,"If it were not for Katy's distinctive voice--which she gloriously wields with an Aguilera-like ferocity during the last forty seconds or so of each track--Honey would not survive its own sweetness. At certain moments, however, the energies between Katy and the producers mesh just right, resulting in alchemic varieties of urban pop that glow brighter after each listen."
Billboard.com,50,"Honey, when it works at least, is the sound of piecing together the night before: a love letter to not making it home, to the Tequila salt still stuck to your hand, to hands brushing under the cover of the smoke machine. Unfortunately, half of the time, it says precisely nothing and if that unquestionable potential is to be realised, Kathleen Brien has to make a choice."
Rolling Stone,50,"With nearly 20 production collaborators, the record has plenty of invention--and way too many cooks in the kitchen. ... [A] busy, unfocused record."
musicOMH.com,30,"Katy Bs stultifying lyrics, paired with an EMI-sponsored coterie of established DJs, producers, and vocalists, surgically selected as if delegates of their respective niches, evince only the sound of the culture industry at work."

Boston Globe,80,"Its sweet earnestness in a shrewd, ambitious package. The music, like much Scandinavian pop, ignores genre to draw on whatever works, current and vintage."
AllMusic,80,"The unpretentious nature of the music and Graham's laid-back attitude give each song an everyman quality, presented by a youthful, wide-eyed raconteur who has just enough life experience to speak to a wide audience."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Balancing old and new-school soul with Bruno Mars panache, this Danish singer's debut is a fine argument for pop optimism."
The A.V. Club,70,"Lukas Graham connects best when relying on pop smarts, without reaching for grand epiphanies."
The 405,60,"By turns Maroon 5-jaunty and Ed Sheeran-reflective, the album has him making the best of every situation rather than yearning for something better."

Pitchfork,83,"He tends to keep his lyrical focus exactly where youd expect any 23-year-olds to be: on good girls, bad girls, hard-to-get girls, and the partying and videogames that fill the rare downtime in between."
Clash Music,80,"Mind of Mine leaps right over anything on Justified and carves a path of its own. Next decades boybands will doubtless provoke discussion on which of them will break out like this, which one will be a Zayn."
Under The Radar,80,"Zayn has clearly achieved his aim of making an album of sexy, credible pop-R&B."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Soulful, sexy and captivating, Mind Of Mine hints at the flexibility, focus and character required of the brightest solo stars."
Pretty Much Amazing,80,"His vocals are by far the albums most potent aspect, bringing grace and wonder even to the more routine material, and hoisting the better songs to classic status."
The Observer (UK),80,"That the sound hes chosen--clipped beats, hazy production flourishes, oodles of falsetto as a shortcut for emotional honesty--is basically 2016 writ large may seem bandwagon-jumping, but theres more than enough good stuff here to suggest its been created with love rather than with an eye on ticking boxes."
DIY Magazine,70,"A moody, deeply textured R&B album with vibe to spare, Mind of Mine sounds as if it was designed to showcase the effort and inspiration that went into it.... With 18 tracks on the deluxe edition, the album can wear you down with all its finely wrought sophistication, even when Zayn is singing about taking your clothes off."
AllMusic,67,"Mind Of Mine is a better whole than a collection of songs, and the standouts tend to be the shorter, less unambitious ditties (the theatrical Its You; the gut-punch party jam She)."
The Telegraph (UK),60,"Throughout this album, Mr. Malik opts for a low-octane approach, with varying success."
Q Magazine,60,"Its not a step forward, really, its a step to the side. There are still hints of the pop star Zayn was drowning out the RnB icon he wants to become."
Clash Music,60,"As debut offerings often go, theres a fervent desire on Mind of Mine to stretch so far and wide that the cohesiveness of the record is lumbered as a result. The tracklist could have been refined to ten good tracks (most of which are on the bonus edition)."
Slant Magazine,60,"His songs get to where they need to go, but theyre lacking in narrative, specificity... purpose, if you will."
Consequence of Sound,60,"Mind Of Mine is an impressive enough debut, with excellent, laidback production and assured vocals. It's lyrically stunted, it's too long, and the overall sound is not starkly original, but the subtle elements of South Asian sounds set a promising tone of fusion."
musicOMH.com,60,"For all its inevitable ubiquity, this downbeat, low-lit album has the bonus of not being in your face at all."
The Observer (UK),60,"In some ways, it works; the songs on Mind of Mine certainly skew towards more mature content and a sleeker, less bubblegum-y pop sound that's implemented expertly by producer Malay on silky smooth PBR&B-lite ballads like 'It's You.' It works less well on cuts like Kehlani collaboration 'Wrong,' which is gratingly heavy-handed with the Auto Tune--a problem that again rears its whiny head on 'Fool for You.'"
DIY Magazine,60,"He stumbles with tepid ballads like 'It's You' and 'Blue,' but the record is saved by its more experimental moments--specifically, the warm, neo-soul track 'Truth' and hypnotic Persian-infused intermission 'Flower.'"
Uncut,59,"Lacking compelling hooks, a unifying mood, or a clear narrative, his debut is oddly inflexible and over-calculated."
Under The Radar,50,"His aim to dive fully into a nuanced direction is a good look, and even though it can be too much at times, his earnestness is a natural antidote to the sleazy misanthropic attitudes of Bieber or The Weeknd. Theres just not enough focus, and promise can only take one so far without differentiation from the artists youre emulating."
Drowned In Sound,50,"Zayn sounds tentative when hes venturing into lyrical territory beyond his former bands purview, which compromises the albums clearly wide-ranging aims."
The Guardian,50,"The lyrics throughout Mind of Mine are similarly by-the-numbers pop-R&B: pleasure-obsessed, vaguely misogynist, and largely disposable. By the album's midpoint, Malik's playboy shtick starts to outstay its welcome."

Mojo,80,"Slay-Z is a blast. What sets Banks apart from her peers is her ability to bounce effortlessly between genres."
AllMusic,74,"Slay-Z isn't quite such a project [that will eclipse anything she does offline] but her talent is still apparent throughout its run time."
The A.V. Club,74,"On Slay-Z, there are hints of that power. They dont shine nearly as bright as her almost flawless debut record, but they keep us watching and listening."
Boston Globe,70,"Slay-Z is a solid EP that is also incredibly frustrating. It's frustrating because it is an example of the talent that Banks is wasting by devoting so much of her time and energy to having pissing contests on social media."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),70,"Her outrageous self-possession plays out more vibrantly on some of these tracks, like Big Talk, which puts her up against the rapper Rick Ross, and Riot, which has a klaxon-like hook handled by Nina Sky. Theres no end to Ms. Bankss swagger, though her toughest moments veer toward the style of a hometown rival, Nicki Minaj."
The Guardian,70,"Slay-Z is a very good mini-mixtape, and more than half of it sustains in any formation."
AllMusic,60,"Although Slay-Z's flat lyrics might be a little uninspiring for the sober listener, its vigorous beats and dizzying pace are perfect for settings that require more moving and less thinking."

The New York Times,91,"She wears her girlishness on her own terms, and here it feels truer--and sounds stronger--than it has in years."
Boston Globe,80,"Divorcing the music from its maker and inspirations can pose varying degrees of difficulty. But listeners who can imprint themselves on these songs will find much to enjoy in Stefanis Truth."
Rolling Stone,80,"If these Top 40 fixtures make the album feel in keeping with current radio pop, they don't crowd Stefani with unnecessary bells and whistles. Her singing--and, more important, what her singing is saying--is always front and center, which gives the music an intimate quality even at its most polished."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),70,"Its easy to chastise aging pop stars for chasing trends or trying to recapture past glories, but those efforts here are thrown into sharp relief by the maturity of the albums first half."
The Guardian,60,"The over-sauced, finger-wagging Naughty might take the joyful retribution to far in the panto direction but I Will Survive update Me Without You and joyful dancefloor rebirth Rare prove that Stefani has lost none of her pop spirit. [Jun 2016, p.117]"
Alternative Press,60,"Although it's a bright and buoyant effort--with recognisable touches of ska and reggae--her new album lacks the left-field flourishes that make her special."
AllMusic,60,"A little more courage would not have gone amiss."
Rolling Stone,60,"Over the albums 12 tracks, Stefani doesnt mope once--in fact, a lot of the time she sounds like she doesnt give a s**t. Where Would I Be and Send Me A Picture say it with Disney dancehall, while Me Without You is the closest she comes to balladry, singing I dont need you/not a little bit over polished trip-hop."
PopMatters,60,"The album has a rushed feel--a likable but low-personality version of her familiar bubble-pop solo mode, alternating between miffed breakup plaints (the Amy Winehouse tribute 'Naughty') and gushy new-boyfriend songs."
Billboard.com,60,"When she gets heavy with either beats or ballads, This Is What The Truth Feels Like slows to a crawl. Cut away these excesses--these moments of emotional bloodletting or thirsty appeals to the top of the charts--and This Is What The Truth Feels Like manages to be as fleet, giddy and charming as Gwen Stefani ever is."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),59,"Stefanis focus on the good times alternates with songs where she expresses cartoonish anger by awkwardly rapping and shouting non-sequiturs (Naughty, Red Flag), and neither mode plays to her strengths as a songwriter and signature vocalist. Her best songs are the ones in which she is audibly upset."
Pitchfork,50,"This Is What the Truth Feels Like is half-baked in places and perhaps a little too safe in others, but its really, properly genuine, and if she doesnt leave it a decade next time, Stefani might still be able to make a great pop record. Its in there, somewhere."
The A.V. Club,50,"The pop-rock of the albums first half is relaxed, breezy, intimate, and dull; the twitching beatscapes of its back end are tense, fiery, theatrical, and void."
Spin,42,"This Is What the Truth Feels Like lacks a cohesive style, instead focusing on narrative."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),40,"Only reggae-lite skank Where Would I Be hints at Stefanis once playful personality. But the truth is that this feels like little more than careerist chart fodder."
Entertainment Weekly,25,"Theres nothing even remotely inventive here."

No Ripcord,91,"On her stunning debut album, All My Demons Greeting Me as a Friend, the now-19-year-old channels a similar magical vibe as the art-pop superstar [Bjrk]."
The Line of Best Fit,85,"[The] big pop moments are the most thrilling, moreish moments on All My Demons but there are quieter moments where AURORA also excels."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Still a teenager at the time of the album's release, Aurora proves to be an already skilled fashioner of dynamic, affecting pop."
Pretty Much Amazing,80,"Her songs are a beguiling mix of sizzling synth-pop, and for want of a better phrase, Nordic-folk."
Mojo,80,"Few albums meld frank postcards from the psyche with such poppy directness. [Apr 2016, p.93]"
The 405,80,"Fears and sorrows hold a radiant gleam on All My Demons Greeting Me as a Friend, the rapturous debut album by the 19-year-old Norwegian singer and songwriter Aurora."
Paste Magazine,73,"AURORAs release packs a moody, but unexpectedly positive punch, throwing her amidst a sea of artists who do the same."
Boston Globe,65,"It's not the show-stopping LP some might seek after the strength of the singles, but All My Demons Greeting Me as a Friend is more than enough to convince us she's a talent with more than two great songs in her."
The Telegraph (UK),60,"While All My DemonS is a listen thats at times varied, interesting and progressive, any connections made here are purely at surface level."
DIY Magazine,60,"While the intermittently minimalist production sounds vaguely voguish in a trip-hop kind of way, that sparseness often gives the songs a slightly anodyne quality. It makes for a record whose potential power feels dampened, if not neutralised altogether."

New York Daily News (Jim Faber),83,"A record that overwhelmingly delivers big beats and shout-along choruses straight to the brains pleasure center."
musicOMH.com,83,"Somehow, though, broad strokes suit these songs; Sia's unabashed aim is uplift and her fell for sing-along-until-your neighbor-bangs-on-the-radiator hooks rarely falter. [29 Jan/5 Feb 2016, p.107]"
Q Magazine,80,"When she strains so hard on Alive that her voice becomes pretty ragged, its thrilling. If you can buy into its concept, Sias play-acting is very entertaining indeed."
Billboard.com,80,"Its a brave act on Furlers part, to stand up and present a body of work that so many other people deemed not good enough, but ultimately, its a great collection of pop songs, cynical or not."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Thanks to the remarkable instrument that is Furler's voice: huge but fragile, fearlessly ragged and wild, seemingly a conduit of a tumultuous past that has included drug addiction and mental health issues, it perfectly counterpoints her songs' robust construction in a way that makes you wish she kept every song she wrote for herself."
Austin Chronicle,70,"Every track is a potential hit, and Sias use of pure pop hooks, coupled with an astounding control over her rampant voice, makes this a very good record."
Pitchfork,70,"Given that Furler didn't originally plan to make these songs her own, it's impressive that This Is Acting works as well as it does--only the wannabe banger 'Move Your Body' and 'Sweet Design''s flashy, hard-hitting R&B are truly unconvincing. For the most part, however, This Is Acting's meta-pop is another example of how cleverly Sia brings her her experiments into the mainstream."
Under The Radar,70,"While Sia has declared her awareness of the cheese factor in her hired-gun material, with its broad themes of self-empowerment and survival, she has a real gift for making it palatable."
Chicago Tribune,70,"Some of the tracks, like the first few ballads, feel a tad exhausted and perhaps a little clichd, but that's the nature of Sia's universal, inclusive pop music, and on This is Acting, she approaches it in an intriguing way and performs it with gusto."
PopMatters,68,"It's a complete piece of work, and one that serves as a commentary on the intersectionality of art and fame by someone who has recently acquired a new level of notoriety. But the sacrifice here is the personal flair that gave her previous album a spark of creativity and set it apart from the songs she had already been writing for other pop stars."
Spin,67,"Whether we like her or not, Sia might be authoring the most iconic pop music of our generation. For this reason alone, This is Acting is worth at least one listen."
Rolling Stone,67,"While Sias lines wear a badge of effortlessness, her ripe voice lends gravitas to these victim to victory ballads (as the notoriously media-shy singer characterized them to the New York Times in a rare sit-down)."
Sputnikmusic,60,"One can't shake the feeling that This Is Acting was compromised from the start. [Mar 2016, p.114]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"This is Acting has some good tracks on it and is obviously written by a very talented songwriter, its just not an album that demands excitement from its listeners."
Clash Music,60,"It could never be accused of lacking honesty, commitment or power--some achievement given the songs were not all for her--but at times you long for Sia just to take a step back, to bring a little bit of that Zero 7 calm back into the equation."
AllMusic,60,"This Is Acting, for all its backstory, rousing highlights, and questionable stylistic choices, actually feels like more of a placeholder than it was probably intended to be, continuing on the radio-ready success of 1000 Forms of Fear but doing very little to push her craft forward outside of exciting productions like Move Your Body and emotional breakthroughs like Space Between."
The Observer (UK),60,"Very little of her pop is dull, even when she is trying to write for lowest common denominator mass appeal. The best tune here by some distance is the maddest."
The Independent (UK),60,"Its a pity there are some disappointing songs here because elsewhere on the record there is real brilliance."
Uncut,60,"Where her other albums are more varied, this all-guns-blazing pop portfolio is a touch wearying. [Mar 2016, p.80]"
The Guardian,60,"Too often This is Acting is steeped in unimaginative cliche, and leans too heavily on familiar pop tropes in a way that her previous solo albums did not."
Slant Magazine,60,"Despite a few highlights, This Is Acting is scattered and forgettable next to the emotional 1000 Forms of Fear."
The New York Times,60,"In isolation, almost everything here would be a solid example of the songwriter-for-hires art: if nothing bowls you over with its originality, its hard not to be impressed by the pitilessness with which the songs sink their hooks into you. But taken collectively, you notice the big flaw in Furlers approach."
Spin,60,"She manages to cut through generic themes to inject darker predilections with hard-sung vocals that sound downright masochistic at times."
AllMusic,60,"Sometimes these outtakes feel like, well, outtakes.... Impressively, though, for an album that's more about utilitarian versatility than making the songs her own, Sia's personality often comes through."
Pitchfork,60,"Sia deserves credit for so easily slipping into the personas of her muses, but Sweet Design, which harks back to the go-go sound of Beyonc's B'Day, and Move Your Body, whose unabashed 4/4 beat and clattering EDM percussion are straight out of Rihanna's Loud, seem more like dated outtakes than underappreciated gems."
Billboard.com,60,"Despite being so joyously engulfed by Sias voice, the songs come over as dispossessed orphans, all a variation on that same theme of being lost and held down by overbearing powers and temptations."
Rolling Stone,50,"There are only so many times you can key into someones heart before they change the code, and after about 20 listens, the veneer crumbles a bit, and its a little too easy to see the gears turning underneath. But thats not the most frustrating thing about the record; the most frustrating thing is that Sia has so much access to us and just doesnt do much with it."
Boston Globe,50,"In almost every way This Is Acting feels safer and more ordinary than 1000 Forms of Fear, with familiar (if sturdy) melodies and lyrical clichs about houses on fire and footprints in the sand."
Clash Music,50,"Even as she and her producers flaunt their layered vocals and whiz-bang sound effects, there are already so many of Sias midtempo victim-to-victory anthems around that they offer diminishing returns, particularly when listened to as an album."
Alternative Press,40,"Its obviously understandable to attempt to capitalise upon the success of your best-known hit but on This Is Acting, Sia loses sight of what made her such an interesting artist in the first place."

Kerrang!,60,"Wildfire is the work of a determined singer/songwriter who prizes craft over poetry or introspection. Platten specializes in skyscraping melodies and big, bombastic surfaces and these are the elements that not only fuel Wildfire, they distinguish it from the singer/songwriter's clear antecedents."
Sputnikmusic,50,"The wounded Better Place and soothing Superman stand out, showing how Plattens songwriting skills can be used to tease out emotional subtleties. But too often here shes battling stuffed-to-the-gills arrangements."
Austin Chronicle,50,"She has a clear, edgeless voice, and shes versatile, though often here it can sound like shes blindly experimenting with styles."
Billboard.com,40,"Efficient in conjuring intense emotion, the album has the hallmarks of a temporary success, but Plattens identity gets lost. This chameleon-like character is a mutant of pop artistry--a country twang occasionally slips into her intonation, and the ghosts of Carly Rae Jepsen, Shakira and Katy Perry haunt the lofty choruses."

Tiny Mix Tapes,100,"It is difficult to find fault with Blue Neighbourhood--it does what it does so well."
Spin,80,"It's exciting to hear someone so young and confident on the cusp of greatness."
Exclaim,70,"Blue Neighbourhood features soft-touch synths and booming drum machines worthy of the next Lorde or Taylor Swift record."
Pitchfork,60,"The relentless lightness can get predictable after a while, as one plush ballad blurs into another, but Blue Neighbourhood, like all the best young loves, is full of promise."

AllMusic,92,"Product is simply forward-thinking, flawlessly-produced electronic music that wants no more than to slap a grin on the dance floor."
NOW Magazine,90,"To say that PRODUCT leaves you wanting more is an understatement, beginning and ending with EDM you cant dance to, building and toppling all kinds of aural Legos in between."
Billboard.com,80,"Product is Sophie's debut LP, collecting four previously released singles plus four new ones in a concise introduction to a producer who has quickly crafted a style and perspective all his own."
Complex,80,"Though these songs were released over the course of 18 months, Product holds together remarkably well as it captures SOPHIE's instantly addictive, ever-evolving reimagining of pop music."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"He has cultivated an allure and a presence by, paradoxically, remaining extremely quiet for long-periods of time. He has survived through the quality of his creative vision. Product streamlines this vision into a singular 'product'  that although is not an essential purchase, is still essential listening."
NOW Magazine,80,"The slow roll-out of singles over the past few months leading up to its release makes Product hard to consider as a singular cohesive package, but as a primer on SOPHIE, it's as good as it gets, a snapshot of an exciting artist whose tightrope walk between sweet and scary, pop and avant-garde, has yielded some of the best singles of the past few years."
Spin,80,"As familiar as many of these tunes now are, Product still sounds disruptive, a sound pushing the limits of what constitutes pop and what is just an annoying noise you are inexplicably paying money for."
Resident Advisor,80,"What makes SOPHIEs music--and perhaps PC Musics catalogue as a whole--such a blast and, also, such a controversial topic is maybe due to the fact that it can read in a variety of manners."
Consequence of Sound,75,"The bottom line is this: Product is a great album, even though it isn't exactly surprisingly great. Many of Sophies best tracks, come to find out, are the ones weve heard since 2013."
Pitchfork,75,"A bubblegum blowing onslaught of songs old and new, this singles collections is a brilliant mlange of style and substance. More thrills are, surely, on their way."
Sputnikmusic,70,"They never outstay their welcome or settle into anything as complacent as a groove, leaving nothing behind but a sugary residue and a feeling of faint violation. [Jan 2016, p.80]"
The Wire,70,"PRODUCT is truly what you make of it - both highly addictive and somewhat unfinished, it leaves a good amount of open space for the listener to construct a set of vivid, imaginary images into something personal, even meaningful."
Rolling Stone,67,"Though Product is billed as a singles collection, its sequencing matters like an album; the tracks placement lets it bow under the weight of all the bizarre moments that precede it, leaving gashes too deep for it to be as treacly and plasticine as its title might suggest."
AllMusic,66,"Heard as individually and spaced many months apart, the best tracks here were diamond-hard realizations of very specific sonic ideas; placed on an album alongside songs that use similar ingredients but are markedly inferior, they rattle around in the can, perfect objects in search of the right container."
The Telegraph (UK),60,"Of the four new tracks, Just Like We Never Said Goodbye is the pick, evoking a John Hughes school disco scene soundtracked by Aphex Twin, though anyone feeling  the package still lacks substance can select the full 'Silicon' option at Sophie's webstore. [Feb 2016, p.118]"
Mojo,40,"Curiously, the tracks that smugly seem to be going out of their way to get on your nerves arent the most infuriating thing about Product. The stuff detailed above makes up the rump of the album, but its not the whole story. There are a handful of instrumentals, which, if not terribly substantial, are at least intriguing."

The Observer (UK),80,"It sure doesn't sound like a band that's hanging it up, because all four are on a roll musically, chasing the rock vibe of Midnight Memories and Four."
PopMatters,80,"With these 13 tracks--nine of which the band had a hand in writing--One Direction does maturity much better than on its last album, 2014's ballad-heavy Four."
Rolling Stone,80,"A slight tone of weariness may have crept into 1Ds lyrics with songs about break-ups and yearning for home but musically it remains anthemic, up-tempo, superior pop, with elegant song structure, ear worm hooks and radio busting choruses."
AllMusic,75,"Another deft collection of shiny, hermetically sealed anthems."
Boston Globe,70,"Their songwriting shows growth, their vocals remain flawless, the production team continues to throw the occasional curveball to go along with the softballs, and there are plenty of songs that sound like the best pop music has to offer in 2015."
AllMusic,60,"On Made in the A.M. the group takes advantage of its nothing-to-lose position with a handful of cuts that feel even loosey-goosier than usual."
Spin,60,"1Ds swan song is hopelessly neither here nor there, appropriate to the drinking-age attention spans of an act whose solo careers beckon."
PopMatters,60,"The four lads were never going to bow out with experimental jazz-fusion, and this fifth LP sees them sweep between imitation indie and synthpop on stadium-ready and sweetly vacuous form."
The New York Times,50,"Instead of making a One Direction farewell album, they made a Take That comeback album."
Los Angeles Times,40,"Made In The AM doesnt really change anything for One Direction; it's simply another slick set of pop songs designed to strike a chord with their teenage fanbase and win over a few older fans along the way."
Rolling Stone,40,"Made in the A.M. is much the same, rootless and vague even when it lands on a clear style, like the Coldplay-esque Infinity, or Never Enough, a wacky number with intense a cappella gimmickry and exuberant mid-1980s drums and horns that recall, of all things, Huey Lewis and the News.... The music is too banal to support exceptional singing."

DJ Booth,83,"Biebers sound is much more deliberately of the moment: a skittering, metallic synthesis of dance music and modern R&B whose evolution probably owes a lot to new-school collaborators Diplo and Skrillex, as well as the lesser-known production wizard Poo Bear."
AllMusic,80,"It looks to be a strong move in his transition to adulthood and proves there's far more to him than being a pretty face for schoolgirls to swoon over."
Billboard.com,80,"Despite its countless co-writers and producers, chief among them Biebers bestie Jason Poo Bear Boyd, the album boasts a consistent palette of lush, low-key electro-dance sounds: sun-warped synths, chipmunk accent vocals, rattling trap hi-hats, and loads of bass.... Its in this Spotify-age blend of dance, hip-hop, R&B and classic smooth-dude vocalizing that Bieber truly shows his growth."
Exclaim,80,"Biebers offering is less of a mainstream crowd pleaser and all the more interesting for it, a quirky, atmospheric electro RnB concoction with sci-fi sounds and offbeat vocal samples that focus attention on the stars soft, supple and seductive singing."
Sputnikmusic,75,"Notably shy of repetitive stadium-sized singalongs, it's a more intimate and mature affair on all accounts. By quieting things down, Justin Bieber may just drown out the noise."
Boston Globe,70,"It's full of motivational Bieb-talk about the realness of the Bieb-struggle."
Fact Magazine (UK),70,"By giving us the best album of his career, and subsequently re-ascending to Top 40s mountaintop, Biebers answered his own question: In pop music, its never too late to say youre sorry."
Rolling Stone,70,"Many of the albums strongest moments find room in the spaces hes already mined giving his house blends more depth."
Billboard.com,62,"The second half of the album is monochromatic and depressing, especially as it runs out to 20 tracks in certain versions."
HipHopDX,60,"Its when Biebers honesty feels less-than-honest and the tracks feel less-than-groundbreaking that this album falls short of the heights it should by all means be capable of reaching."
Exclaim,60,"The acerbic kiss-off Love Yourself feels like an honest stab at subverting the standard breakup ballad, but elsewhere his lyrics are overly concerned with righteousness and keeping things PG-rated."
Pitchfork,60,"If Purpose focused on the excursions into global dance sounds that earned him popularity outside the insular Belieber fandom, it might have been one of the best pop records of the year and alleviated some of the headaches induced by his lyrical persona. It certainly doesn't help that Purpose is another entry in an ever growing catalog of big tent releases that relegates some of its best tracks to bonus track status."
The A.V. Club,60,"A bumpy, oddly compelling restart, Purpose should hook open-minded pop fans who previously paid him no mind, and it could even win back some of those who wrote Bieber off years ago."
Los Angeles Times,60,"The lead-up to Purpose produced three unexpectedly great beats, for Where Are  Now, Sorry and What Do You Mean? respectively. Just as unexpectedly, there are even more where these came from."
Spin,60,"The musical direction owes much to co-producer Skrillex, whose unexpectedly subtle electronic palette complements Biebers affectedly breathy voice. The voice soon palls, but the songs are often interesting."
DJ Booth,60,"Its clear plenty of good choices have been made here. Its not quite redemption--only time will tell if hell curb the recklessness--but its certainly a start at reinvention."
Slant Magazine,50,"You cant hear The Feeling in his voice, which is still one of the most infectiously beautiful in the industry, because as his faith has saved him from his pain, his production team has saved his voice from Justin. It makes for a series of unbeatable mainstream and crossover singles, and a desensitized, unnerving album."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),50,"The album also takes itself so seriously that too often it inadvertently suppresses exactly what made Bieber so appealing in the first place."
Consequence of Sound,50,"Even though Mr. Bieber is younger than all of the men of One Direction, he sounds exponentially more experienced, and exponentially more fatigued on Purpose. He is also the best singer of the bunch, and the one with a clear vision for his sound, even if hes being largely denied it here."
NOW Magazine,33,"Skrillex and Diplo successfully serve up twitchy beats ready to incite anything with a pulse, but the sentiment at the albums core leans toward insufferable."

The New York Times,70,"Ultimately, Little Mix's stylish, decade-blending synergy works, and Get Weird ends up being a lot of fun."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),67,"Too bad the quartet play it safe with glossy anthems, misty-eyed ballads, and rowdy pep-rally stompers."
Paste Magazine,60,"There are lots of little things to like about Little Mixs third album.... But there are too many instances here of registers painfully over-reached, and uneasy compromises between emotion and arrangement."
RapReviews.com,60,"Melodramatic ballads like 'Secret Love Song' and 'Love Me Or Leave Me' aren't as entertaining, but they're outweighed by the sassy kiss-offs of 'Hair' ('He was just a dick and I knew it') and 'Grown' ('Your voice dropped and you thought you could handle me')."
The 405,60,"Apart from a couple of ballads, and the odd moments of mediocrity (Secret Love Song, which features Jason Derulo, and Hair), business is largely buoyant."

Entertainment Weekly,70,"Ultimately, Wiped Out! comes off as a 'see what sticks' effort; it's slick and polished, but hits varying levels of satisfaction throughout."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"The subtler, less stylized Wiped Out! keeps the palm-trees-at-twilight feel, but the sound is more hazy R&B than rock."
Pretty Much Amazing,60,"This is surf music for street goths and beach bums with bad attitudes."
Clash Music,60,"The LA quintet still sound like 16-year-old boys.... Musically, though, their slick soulful pop-R&B is far more refined. [Dec 2015, p.94]"
The Telegraph (UK),60,"Wiped Out! is a fine wine in a sea of vodka Red Bulls, and having successfully mixed pop, rock and hip-hop together, it seems like they have finally defined their sound as a band."
The Independent (UK),50,"The warmth of 'Sweater Weather' and the rest of the Neighbourhood's debut album is gone on Wiped Out!, replaced by a ponderous kind of cool."
The Observer (UK),30,"A stylistic and conceptual vacuum. [Jan 2016, p.78]"

Drowned In Sound,80,"Rather than feeling like a mash-up of their favourite bands--which is no bad thing--album two finds the four-man phenomenon firming up their identity and becoming their own band."
AllMusic,80,"5 Seconds To Summer are clearly at their best when drummer Ashton is let loose behind his kit and the band are powering through huge, catchy choruses. [17 Oct 2015, p.52]"
Mojo,80,"When compared to their debut, the maturity of Sounds Good is evident. [Nov 2015, p.95]"
Q Magazine,67,"Overall, 5 Seconds Of Summer puts a contemporary spin on early-00s mainstream pop-punk by avoiding the kind of self-pity, hopelessness, and subtle misogyny that sometimes dogged that nascent scene. More importantly, Sounds Good Feels Good never condescends to the bands core audience of young female fans."
Record Collector,60,"5SOS finds a balance in their sound here that feels right for them, and ultimately the accurately titled Sounds Good Feels Good suggests there isnt actually all that big of a gap between the boy band and pop-punk milieus, and probably never was."
musicOMH.com,60,"They should step outside of their comfort zone more often."
PopMatters,60,"All that retro angst is more rote and less involving than the way its debut tried to square loud guitars with the hooky imperatives of chart pop. In the last several tracks, though, the energy returns."
Boston Globe,60,"Their second LP shows off their musical knowledge and ambition without getting in the way of their own preternatural adorableness."
Uncut,60,"The alt-pop band (who share management with One Direction) sound programmed to ooze adolescence until the last drop of Lynx Africa runs dry. There are signs of maturity, however, inspired by the pristine punk of Fall Out Boy and Good Charlotte."
Classic Rock Magazine,60,"For better or worse, that same sense of dj vu pervades much of Sounds Good Feels Good, with the band borrowing liberally from its influences."
The Guardian,40,"Within the first four songs, 5SOS shout out underachievers, college dropouts and kids battling low self-esteem. They do so with winning sincerity, but even that cant quite make up for the records derivative sound."

The Telegraph (UK),90,"Her willingness to own every step and misstep, and to show her audience how the rough times helped her become the woman she is, makes Confident a surprisingly compelling listen."
Under The Radar,83,"Confident, released by Disneys Hollywood Records, bursts with titanic melodies from songwriters like Max Martin and Ryan Tedder, and the 23-year-olds unstoppable vocal power imbues these songs with an exciting rock & roll edge."
Q Magazine,80,"The cumulative result is a messy, colorful modern pop record that is greater than the sum of its parts."
AllMusic,75,"Confident is an impressive album by a pop star who knows what she wants--and also knows exactly how to get there."
Billboard.com,70,"Demi Lovato's fifth studio LP is the album she was born to make: a brassy, sleek, dynamic pop production that lets her powerful voice soar to new emotional highs."
The Telegraph (UK),60,"Too often equating emotion with shouting (see the final third of Father), Confident doesnt quite elevate Lovato to where she needs to be."
Rolling Stone,60,"Nothing else on Confident is quite as much fun [as Cool For The Summer], but Lovato's intensity never wavers as the album alternates between trap-influenced midtempo tracks like the Iggy Azalea-assisted 'Kingdom Come' and bombastic power ballads that show off her mighty vocals."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Only a certain sheen that turns her vocals into a generic hybrid of Sia and Kelly Clarkson stops Confident from being one of the pop albums of 2015."
Boston Globe,50,"Lovato mistakes the ability to cram as many syllables as possible into each word with virtuosity. And the album likewise mistakes overwrought for confident."

The Observer (UK),80,"You can hear his love and enthusiasm bursting out of these grooves, not just in the way he roars over the top of melody lines but in the spaces he creates for other musicians to shine."
Slant Magazine,70,"Its wider emotional range and stylistic switch-ups, none of which is outside Newman's grasp, give it a slight edge."
The Guardian,60,"Thats not to say it isnt a pretty powerful album with a few moments of greatness buried somewhere beneath. Its just to say ... come on, man! Get those hands dirty!"
Rolling Stone,60,"Newman chews his way through these 11 songs with abandon; you can almost hear him trying to do the splits in gold trousers on the bigger numbers."
Spin,40,"Greg Kurstins frantic production sounds overegged, and the lyrical platitudes (Something feels kinda special, I want to give you more etc) betray no real personality. Newmans voice deserves better."
Pitchfork,40,"Track after track follows the same formula, with Newmans subdued introductory verse swallowed by a huge, anthemic refrain that never lets up, his voice drowned in a tide of orchestra and chorus, all dialled up to 11. Its quite frustrating."

PopMatters,100,"You never find yourself in the presence of music that sounds self-consciously clever. Everything flows easily, nothing jars."
Exclaim,90,"Hlose Letissiers synth-driven record is a more subtle, catch-you-unaware affair."
Magnet,90,"A truly enjoyable record, a durable collection of interesting and exciting pop music that is hopefully only the first of many to come from Christine and the Queens."
Uncut,80,"It is both old news and a welcome opportunity to praise Letissiers stylish, empathetic songs: bilingual, sexually fluid, influenced by R&B, hip-hop and glitchy digitals."
Austin Chronicle,80,"A bright, well constructed and boldly vivid first outing, showing a first rate ear for instantly osmosing melody, this debut is written for the Christine in everyone."
Record Collector,80,"There's no manifesto here, only an exploration of identity, just as Letissier searches for her place in this decade's pantheon of fabulous poly-musical femmes. [Apr 2016, p.92]"
Mojo,80,"There's melodrama aplenty, but it's the meaningful lyricism in both French and English--and a smart Kanye sample on Paradis Perdus--that make it really sparkle. [Apr 2016, p.102]"
The Telegraph (UK),80,"Unexpected collaborations with stateside cool kids like Perfume Genius on the aching Jonathan and talented Philly rapper Tunji Ige on the plush No Harm Is Done should charm any skeptics who might worry Letissier got lost in translation."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Her music is bold and fully formed."
Spin,80,"Where Marinas appeal lies in her writing her emotions large through her music, Christine achieves something more challenging and arguably richer in gleefully obfuscating hers--making her as difficult to read in song as on her minimalist and tonally flat LP cover, but essentially inviting you to come and be puzzling with her."
Boston Globe,70,"This expertly wrought debut is an impressive platform for twentysomething polymath Heloise Letissier. [Apr 2016, p.71]"

AllMusic,83,"On her fifth album Gomez goes for mood-setting, and the result is a gripping batch of sultry pop jams that are more Netflix and chill, less Lets hit the clurb."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Revival is an audacious name for a 23-year-old singer's second album, but from start to finish, Gomez earns it. This is the sound of a newly empowered pop artist growing into her strengths like never before."
The A.V. Club,80,"A forthright album of pop songs that make it clear she is ready to be honest and even vulnerable in her music."
The Independent (UK),70,"Song for song, Revival rivals Carly Rae Jepsen's Emotion for breakout pop album of the year, but if it similarly falls short of greatness, it's due in large part to a lack of originality."
Rolling Stone,70,"Theres enough growth here to accept the occasional stumble. Revival, like Good For You, is a damn fine, hook-laden surprise. Selena Gomez has found a voice worth paying serious attention to."
The Observer (UK),70,"Far from a scorched-earth rebranding a la Cyrus 2013 raunchfest Bangerz, Revival turns out to be surprisingly modest, from its midtempo pacing to its thoughtful introspection."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),60,"The album frequently slips back into forgettable genericism, and its back half is mediocre--but its also a strength. At its high points, Revival is marked by this lush, sphinx-like readinessss: as if, after a decade and a half of being nonstop front and center, Gomez has finally figured out what it means to center herself."
The Guardian,60,"The most surprising thing about Revival is its understatement, despite the hit-making co-writers, from the softly bubbling beats of the title track and the lust-dream R&B of Good for You to the spooky Ashes to Ashes synths of winning Charli XCX collaboration Same Old Love."
The New York Times,60,"It makes for a solid pop album overall, but it's a little too formulaic and predictable to rate among her best work."

Billboard.com,80,"As they prove yet again with their latest triumph, Paper Gods, Duran Duran is one of the most consistently entertaining bands of our generation."
Slant Magazine,80,"Largely, though, Duran Duran chooses its collaborators wisely here, opting for some from that golden age, like Mr. [Nile] Rodgers, or those whove internalized that eras balance of sleaze and good cheer, like Mark Ronson.... So long as Mr. Le Bon is oozing atop brisk arrangements like this, the specifics of the words dont much matter. Everyone here has the posture down cold."
Pretty Much Amazing,70,"In this age of frivolity, Duran Duran is straight-up thriving."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"What makes this music fun is its youthful sense of invention."
PopMatters,70,"It's that tension between the good and the bad, the yin and yang of Duran Duran, that makes Paper Gods absorbing."
The Guardian,67,"Duran Duran innovate and push further. It may be flawed in parts, but Paper Gods is an ambitious and worthwhile effort that more than justifies its existence."
Billboard.com,67,"Paper Gods leans too heavily on robo-disco froth."
AllMusic,60,"If Paper Gods isnt quite as strong throughout as 2010s back-to-basics All You Need Is Now, Kill Me With Silence and the title track have terrific choruses and Sunset Garage beautifully honours the bands survival."
Rolling Stone,60,"Paper Gods feels like a Duran Duran-shaped helium balloon, impressive, shiny, but oddly empty inside. [Oct 2015, p.96]"
Los Angeles Times,60,"Despite a few missteps her and there, it's good to have them back. [Oct 2015, p.109]"
Boston Globe,60,"While no reinvention, Paper Gods is both entertaining ad typically Duran-esque. [Oct 2015, p.75]"
Slant Magazine,50,"Its not going to convince anyone new to pick up Duran Duran's records and it doesnt surpass their previous work."
The A.V. Club,40,"[Lead single 'Pressure Off' is the] lone successful endeavour in recapturing the 'classic' Duran Duran sound. The rest of the album, however, is utterly characterless. [Aug-Sep 2015, p.62]"
Entertainment Weekly,30,"Paper Gods is an exercise in shamelessly rehashing every tired, vaguely transgressive cliche that's defined Duran Duran's 30-plus-year career. [No. 124, p.55]"

Mojo,80,"The duo's work here complements what they've done beside Chrisette Michele, Alicia Keys, Tamia, and especially Elle Varner."
PopMatters,70,"Alessia Cara's debut EP feel more like a personal manifesto than a party playlist."
Boston Globe,70,"Four Pink Walls is positioned as a warm up to her debut full length, and there's enough substance here to match and maintain expectations."
Exclaim,66,"Early fans of those raw recordings may be less than happy that she's given into the customary tropes of bubblegum pop. And Cara herself sounds a little unsure about leaving behind the walls she knew so well for ones that may end up holding her back."

Clash Music,91,"Emotion is so good, its formed sky-high expectations out of thin air."
musicOMH.com,91,"Her effervescent follow-up [is] an 80s-inflected collection of sweetly breezy dance-pop baubles."
Drowned In Sound,90,"It's so proud to be pop and hopefully this'll make others realise it's never a guilty pleasure to enjoy songs that make you happy; songs that make you wanna dance your ass off and songs that perfectly fit the criteria for pretending to be in a music video."
The Telegraph (UK),85,"Emotion goes to great lengths to prove the advantages of being manufactured, with every piece interlocking with machine-like precision with its surroundings. Its astonishingly effective, and like the best pop, demands to be listened to ad nauseum in order to gawk at the sheer audacity of the accomplishment."
The Independent (UK),83,"One of 2015s most interesting, effervescent records."
DIY Magazine,83,"Emotion rolls out banger after banger, all while sustaining a remarkable level of complexity and compassion for everyone in Jepsens solar system."
Slant Magazine,80,"E MO TION is no fluke. It doesnt grip you by the heels but instead lures you into a full-bodied embrace that is iron-clad, its simply up to you to give it the chance to do so."
Paste Magazine,80,"Emotion succeeds on its own terms, arguably remaining truer to the spirit of the era, not to mention Jepsens stated aim of taking the time to craft an album rather than rushing to cash in on a YouTube sensation."
Pitchfork,80,"An even more consistent album than Kiss, E-MO-TION further defines Jepsen as an equally stylish and earnest pop artist."
Rolling Stone,80,"An album thats incredibly enjoyable even as Jepsen stands on the precipice of heartache."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"With an uncanny melodic gift that enlivens even the most tired sentiments and a chameleonic ability to seamlessly transition between disparate production styles, Jepsen proves she's worthy of those comparisons [to Taylor Swift and Rihanna]."
No Ripcord,80,"EMOTION demonstrates how little improvement could be made on her sharp, consistent songwriting abilities. These are perfect pop songs; a few more rare glimpses of their rougher edges would make them all the more spectacular."
Resident Advisor,80,"The result is a nearly anonymous album of stellar pop music, one where it seems all the attention was placed not on positioning Carly Rae as a cultural force, but on making sure Emotion makes you smile."
AllMusic,75,"E.MO.TION has all the tenets of a successful pop record, but feels more cultivated than previous work."
The Guardian,74,"EMOTION is as solid and spotless a pop album as you're likely to hear this year, the result of several years working alongside a storied list of contributors.... but EMOTION fails to tell us who Jepsen is or wants to be."
Q Magazine,70,"Emotion is packed with frighteningly relatable songs about love, longing and heartbreak."
The Observer (UK),70,"Almost every track is like a bouncy castle: fun, certainly, but not made for long-term stays."
Under The Radar,70,"This is music for flash mobs, a valentine to crowdsourcing, and a public engagement proposal to the universe."
Consequence of Sound,60,"For all its unexpected sounds and catchy choruses, Emotion falters in its lyrical blandness."
Fact Magazine (UK),60,"Emotion is full of pure cotton candy--delicious, distractingly sweet and filling, with a mildly suspicious aftertaste.... [The album is] full of excellent songs that seem to give up about two-thirds of the way through."
Spin,60,"EMOTION is still a very pleasing album if not just a shade overambitious, clearly trying too hard to make the same genius pop moments that Kiss churned them out with effortless flair."
Clash Music,60,"Due to the era the album fetishes, the music sounds inescapably chintzy.... Jepsens improbably young voice helps distract from that."
Slant Magazine,40,"Carly Rae Jepsen and her production team try overly hard to be clever. In the end, what's left is a record that takes itself too seriously to be taken seriously by anyone else."

AllMusic,75,"Its Shaggys support on an island-y ode to committed relationships that pops among a mix of passionate R&B jams and take-charge lady anthems."
Exclaim,70,"Sparks still sounds like she's finding a voice of her own."
Q Magazine,60,"A few ballads drag down the album's momentum and get lost among the bouncy club songs."
The Telegraph (UK),60,"That hybrid [hip-hop and pop], and Sparks new maturity, allows her to find her voice, as well as a potential new role."

DIY Magazine,83,"Love is Free makes a seriously compelling case that the EP should be the standard form of pop-music communication. Robyns latest is all killer, no filler, and leaves you begging for more."
The Guardian,80,"A captivating and downright fun little album, but it does feel just like a little side project--some friends just having a mess around--than a proper juicy album."
NOW Magazine,80,"With Love Is Free, Robyn once again shows she can bring together discerning dance snobs and accessible-pop fans."
Pitchfork,80,"Between her typically deft hooks, the thematic cohesion and the efficiency of it all (five songs, 20 minutes), Love is Free marks another gem in Robyn's recent, diamond-studded catalogue."
The Observer (UK),75,"Love offers a satisfying sprint for hungry fans and acts as a sort of adrenalized tribute to Falk, who passed away during production last year."
The New York Times,72,"What Love Is Free does so well, and so simply, is hone in on just the beauty of finally letting go, physically and mentally."
Sputnikmusic,70,"While the EP is a little more straightforward than Do It Again, it's a fun, spontaneous portrait of a moment made all the more poignant due to Falk's death from pancreatic cancer in 2014."
Slant Magazine,70,"Love Is Free sits strangely in the canon of Robyn. Its euphoric, and like every great Robyn anthem, theres a cry-while-you-party type sound on the mini-LP thats intensely emotional but wields an undeniable kinetic streak."
AllMusic,70,"The record works as just five songs."
Billboard.com,70,"Love Is Free feels comparatively tossed off, merely a bridge between Robyn 2.0 and an incarnation of the dance-pop icon we--and she--haven't yet imagined."
PopMatters,60,"Despite the shadow of tragedy hanging over the project, theres an irrepressible euphoria to the music throughout."
AllMusic,60,"The new three-piece is no supergroup. Robyns best work rises above mere competence, and while every song here will keep people on the dance floor, Love Is Free transcends nothing."
The Guardian,58,"Robyn, her keyboardist Markus Jgerstedt, and the late producer Christian Falk dig into retro dance floor techniques to produce some solid, if unexceptional club tracks."

The New York Times,80,"None of it would work without Royces supple voice and sweet charisma, which help to make offerings like the glitchy Handcuffs, which in less skilled hands could sound like a slippery commitment-phobes insincere come-on, recall a soul pried open."
Billboard.com,80,"Slick guest artists Tyga and Kid Ink help the listener bridge the gap between the album's maverick moments and the sweet songs aimed at teens, and with smooth-voiced Royce showing equal grace with love and lust, Double Vision becomes the great and infectious model for a 2015 pan-global pop album."
Paste Magazine,70,"Even in English, even without bachata, Royce hasn't lost what makes him special: his ability to emote, to deliver lyrics as though he believes them vehemently and make the listener do the same."
AllMusic,50,"Double Vision lacks focus, failing to establish a clear identity for Royce."

Exclaim,70,"How Does It Feel, then, is a second album that reveals a band with plenty left in the tank."
Austin Chronicle,70,"Nothing here is quite as instantly engaging as MS MRs breakthrough single, Hurricane, but the duos gaze remains trained on both the expanse of the horizon and the insularity of the internal drama."
Billboard.com,70,"While a few tracks sound too similar to each other, How Does It Feel's best moments deliver pop accessibility without sacrificing any of MS MR's identity."
DJ Booth,70,"MS MR might lack some of the extrovert star quality of the acts Plapinger usually signs, but 'How Does It Feel' is an emotional ride that shows she has plenty of her own worth sharing."
XXL,67,"Although How Does It Feel is far more subdued and inconsistent than Secondhand Rapture, MS MR still has no peer in its ability to twist retro and modern influences in fresh ways."
Sputnikmusic,65,"In bitesize chunks this is a sumptuous feast--but it's more buffet than banquet."
AllMusic,60,"The aesthetics of her songs with Hershenow remain timid and careful."
The A.V. Club,50,"The only reasonable offering on 'How Does It Feel' is the multi-layered and kaleidoscopic lead single, 'Painted'. Elsewhere, it's the kind of standard by-the-numbers electro-pop that's likely to soundtrack your next visit to the local department store."
HipHopDX,50,"Disappointingly, How Does It Feel has a good dose of the latter [blatant variety of compositions]."
Rolling Stone,50,"As a sophomore album, How Does It Feel delivers more of the same as MS MRs debut, lacking innovation or development."
Slant Magazine,42,"Secondhand Rapture was inconsistent and uneven at points, but it also drew some power from its unpredictability. Its successor is twelve straight tracks of mostly the same thing: worn pop clichs. This dullness plagues the album from start to finish despite Plapingers best attempts at shouting through the monotony."
The New York Times,40,"As the album progresses, Plapingers vocals too often fail to engage, particularly on the more downbeat tracks, and there is a paucity of good ideas towards the end."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),40,"Something that gradually becomes clear is that this is an album of uncertainty."

NOW Magazine,80,"Ultimately, Working Girl plays like Little Boots' own biopic, a cinematic feminist synth-pop manifesto set to a pulsing Giorgio Moroder-esque soundtrack."
Exclaim,80,"There are motivational numbers such as Get Things Done, with its great elastic-bass hook. But more often Hesketh is in the trenches."
AllMusic,80,"Whatever she's doing, it's working. [Aug 2015, p.109]"
Under The Radar,70,"It can be a little too sterile in places but for the most part, Working Girl shows that Little Boots is a canny operator who, now that she's been given the opportunity to do things on her own terms, has finally shown us what all the fuss was about in the first place."
PopMatters,70,"A more sonically focused effort."
AllMusic,67,"Boots has refined her technical skills and curation choices over the past two albums, but her biggest breakthrough on Working Girl is just how much shes now willing to let us in."
Boston Globe,60,"Working Girl isnt an album that will stretch boundaries or break new ground--the best tracks are ones that cant easily be compared to other artists, such as Taste It and Help Too."
Alternative Press,60,"It packs a selection of nagging tunes that could easily light up the mainstream as, say, the Pet Shop Boys once did, if rave-ified R&B didnt exert such a stranglehold on the charts."
Kerrang!,60,"Working Girl isnt the sleekest of albums but the stumbles and scrapes that Little Boots overcomes are a testament to her desire for change."
Rolling Stone,60,"It's a rather bloodless and oddly dated set. [Aug 2015, p.76]"
Q Magazine,50,"Little Boots is consciously following pop music's torchbearers. Unfortunately, she's not ready to carry one herself."
The Guardian,50,"There is certainly something interesting about it, but its also a bit hard to embrace wholeheartedly."
The Line of Best Fit,40,"Working Girls weakness is not in Heskeths insecurity, or the songs themselves, but in the fact that it breaches what was advertised."
AllMusic,40,"With a few exceptions, she just sounds bored. [Aug 2015, p.93]"

Mojo,60,"Young still doesn't do darkness as well as light but Mobile Orchestra shows a willingness to grow and change that makes it the most complete portrait of Owl City's music yet."
The Observer (UK),58,"Nothing on Mobile Orchestra indicates hes found his new muse, but it reveals a well of passion for that discovery."
musicOMH.com,50,"These carefully manicured, melodic songs are much too transparent and lightweight, though, to leave much of an impression."
Uncut,40,"The artist widened his palette this time, bringing in the country singer Jake Owen on one track, and soul star Aloe Blacc on a song that aims to repeat the magic Blacc struck on Aviicis Wake Me Up. Unfortunately, Youngs nerdy sensibility kills that."
Billboard.com,40,"Its unoriginal and twee."

The 405,80,"Adam Lambert demonstrates he's in perfect control of his style and sound and knows how to combine both into a sterling modern pop record."
Pitchfork,70,"While there are a few missteps--Mr. Lambert doesnt have the R&B sultriness required for Underground, and Rumors bizarrely cribs the jaunty synth pattern from Lil Waynes Lollipop--there are almost no extravagances. After years of spectacle, Mr. Lambert may have been saved by modesty."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Its an appealing snapshot of how Lambert has grown, and how hes still willing to surprise his listeners and himself."
Pretty Much Amazing,60,"Even when the lyrics verge on ridiculousness (on the Tove Lo-featuring 'Rumors,' Lambert denounces 'haterade'), he's one of the biggest personalities in pop."
Rolling Stone,60,"If the end result isnt as big a blast as the stars previous records, it still has his likable tone and witty character to count on."
AllMusic,60,"Turn it up before hitting the club, but look elsewhere for lyrical creativity."

Entertainment Weekly,80,"Grand Romantic is proof-positive more Nate Ruess is always a good thing. [Jul 2015, p.100]"
RapReviews.com,70,"Grand Romantic is a fittingly grandiose, occasionally silly, passionately effusive, and ultimately very catchy album."
Fact Magazine (UK),70,"Fun. co-producers Jeff Bhasker and Emile Haynie help Ruess create richly orchestrated bombast with the right amount of sonic wanderlust."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),60,"Grand Romantic isnt going to be for everyone. But if you happen to thrill at the twinkling eclecticism of the Beach Boys Pet Sounds or get misty-eyed when Freddie Mercury soars above his backing choir on Somebody to Love, then youll likely follow Ruess at least part of the way on this hopelessly earnest, grandiosely romantic excursion."
The Guardian,60,"Grand Romantic has some moments more danceable than dour."
The A.V. Club,60,"While the album is often an enjoyable listen, it is difficult not to wonder what the collective talents of Andrew Dost and Jack Antonoff of fun., or even the talents of a Sam Means of The Format, couldve yielded to Grand Romantics songwriting."
Sputnikmusic,55,"It shows how Ruess might succeed on his own as a good-hearted Midwestern boy--not quite a star, but someone capable of appreciating their light."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),50,"Grand Romantic often feels so preoccupied with grandiose gestures that it loses sight of the little details that in the past have made Ruess music so memorable."
Slant Magazine,40,"Ruess songs are a puzzle: They contain no memorable lines but the arrangements act as if they do."
cokemachineglow,0,"Ruess voice has great volume, but no body. Theres no roundness, or richness, to his tone. Its all hard angles, offering no cushion for the screech. Worse, he often pushes his voice beyond its bounds, in the process making him sound as pinched as Alvin or one of the Chipmunks."

PopMatters,91,"How Big is Welchs most accomplished album yet, primarily because she doesnt rely solely on operatics to make herself heard. Welch may have gone slightly smaller with her sound, but her emotional depth and capacity for wonder remain gigantic."
The Observer (UK),90,"The greater the risk, the greater the reward. And I can think of no better reward than this album."
Sputnikmusic,85,"How Big How Blue How Beautiful is a cathartic, devastatingly honest personal diary set to music."
AllMusic,83,"Its apparent shes among her generations most deserving superstars, maintaining a stunning balance of technical mastery and sensitive lyricism."
Magnet,83,"How Big How Blue How Beautiful may just be a better record than the one it follows. It chisels at Ceremonials baroque marble sculpture to reveal something smaller and more appealing."
Exclaim,80,"How Big, How Blue, How Beautiful is more lyrically direct and honest, even if the lure of The Big Music remains strong for Welch. [Jul 2015, p.87]"
The 405,80,"How Big, How Blue, How Beautiful is an arena-ready and festival-ready record that, in true Florence and the Machine fashion, is packed to the brim with alarmingly catchy hooks and astounding vocal theatrics from its vocalist."
Los Angeles Times,80,"With Beautiful, she sounds liberated in sprawl, veering from soulful shouters (Delilah) to measured electro-pop ballads (St. Jude). The breadth alone is impressive--but Welch shows even more growth as a vocalist."
Spin,80,"How Big How Blue How Beautiful is a record about maneuvering around and through matters of the heart--sometimes triumphant, sometimes sad, and always deeply felt thanks to Welch acting as tour guide."
Paste Magazine,80,"Welch still has the love--and the tunes--we need to see us through."
Consequence of Sound,80,"Whatever the lyrical content, musically every move feels like an affirming one. Youre never more than a short skip from something gigantic."
PopMatters,80,"Even as the bands music keeps expanding, Welchs lyrics have narrowed in focus. Theyre less abstract this time, more attuned to the vagaries of love."
Pitchfork,80,"On How Big How Blue How Beautiful, Welch refines a successful formula in a way that plays to her strengths without it being too familiar."
Pretty Much Amazing,80,"Musically, she delivers that desired top-down, sunny LA drive-time feel. [Jul 2015, p.100]"
Billboard.com,80,"No matter the mood and tempo, though, the Florence & The Machine heard on How Big How Blue How Beautiful is a newly self-aware one. It shows a different kind of mastery by allowing for a different kind of vulnerability, an especially delicate balancing act for a young woman in pop music."
AllMusic,80,"Overflowing with stately songwriting and lyrical craftsmanship, How Big, How Blue, How Beautiful makes for a restrained but joyful return, and a collection that will last long after Welchs broken bones are mended."
Alternative Press,78,"Third LP How Big, How Blue, How Beautiful dispenses with that ethos [positivity on the aftermath of heartbreak], embracing the raging/wallowing period that's delivered through biblical and Greek mythological references."
Los Angeles Times,76,"This is a huge, sturdy record, built for arenas and it's richly and carefully enough constructed to endure the extensive exposure Welch's heartache is going to get over the course of this summer."
Kerrang!,75,"Some of the album's most memorable moments come when the power is dialed down, as with the moving 'Long & Lost.' But there's no denying how captivating this group can be when the arrangement allows them to fly free."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),75,"It's a voice built for drama, and on this album its emotional range has never been wider."
Rolling Stone,70,"With all these mammoth tunes blaring out with pride, a few songs slip to the wayside."
The Guardian,70,"The results are brilliant, but the album too often focuses on the latter two-thirds of the album title at the expense of the first."
The Observer (UK),70,"Welch isn't the most rhythmic singer; she's more about powerful held notes and dramatic articulation, and her rock moves have sometimes felt fussy in the past. But here, she punches like a prizefighter."
Boston Globe,70,"Although the softer moments here are only soft in comparison to the dazzling cacophony that usually accompanies her songs, Welch does seem more confident here letting her pipes do the heavy lifting."
The Independent (UK),70,"Shes gone from making an album that felt in constant peril of collapsing under its own weight to one that carries her predilection for drama with genuine confidence--for now, at least, thats redemption enough."
The Guardian,60,"The songs that do aim to be bigger however, simply don't stand-up against their previous work or the mellower parts of the album."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Her Brit-pop soul treacle is still miles better than some of her contemporaries' top-tier offerings, and when the album connects it moves right in and starts to redecorate, but when it falters, it's akin to a chatty party guest failing to realize that everyone else has gone home."
Clash Music,60,"HBHBHB finds her circling the drain of an imploded relationship, this time with novel directness."
Fact Magazine (UK),60,"The emotional turmoil is better served by the more introspective balladry of Various Storms and Saints and Long and Lost."
NOW Magazine,60,"Welch delivers clunky self-help lines wrapped in elemental metaphors. [Jul 2015, p.76]"
Spin,60,"Its an album thats too overblown and daft for the songs to have the desired emotional impact: its never really intimate enough for the feelings Welch expresses to connect. Instead, it wobbles precariously along the line that separates the enjoyably OTT from the faintly exhausting."

Boston Globe,80,"Occasionally, the more ambitious nature of Everything Is 4 reveals some of Derulo's weaknesses, like his insistence on indulging straight R&B (which feels basic compared to the unique mode of genre-bending he usually works in), but stretching musically also leads to arguably the most exciting moment here, the funk rave-up of album-closer 'X2CU.'"
DIY Magazine,80,"Everything Is 4 is his second strong album in a row.... Here, Mr. Derulo is a shameless collaborator, a gleeful regurgitator of styles, and one of the most surprisingly savvy decision makers in pop."
musicOMH.com,80,"Derulos latest, Everything Is 4, proves hes a workhorse, with possibly even (gulp) a vision."
The Line of Best Fit,70,"No one's looking to Derulo for advanced stylistic hybrids or deep thoughts. When Everything Is 4 avoids those creative impulses, as it tends to do, it's easily Derulo's most pleasing work."
Q Magazine,66,"For all its blatantly ill-conceived moments, there's something charming about the sheer audacity of Derulo's often bizarre choices. Even when it falls flat, there is character here."
Uncut,60,"On Everything Is 4, some songs give him newfound definition, but then others distract from it."
Billboard.com,60,"Jason Derulo jumps into every track with equal enthusiasm, his reassuring voice adapting easily to each new setting and providing continuity across the LP."
Pretty Much Amazing,60,"Unfortunately, at times he still comes across as Usher-lite."
No Ripcord,20,"Derulo has stripped away all of those oddities to focus purely on the music and, in the process, has lost much of what sets him apart from the pack."

Under The Radar,90,"Twenty One Pilots ramped up everything, from new influences to the number of producers (four) to the metric ton of uncertainties and fears multiplying in frontman/songwriter Tyler Josephs cranium. And its wonderful."
AllMusic,80,"Twenty One Pilots prove you don't always need guitars to have a good time. [16 May 2015, p.54]"
Rolling Stone,70,"One of the more intriguing albums of the year, because emotion isn't really a quantifiable trait. In this case, it's best to simply listen and find out which side of the fence you're on."
The 405,67,"Not the clever cut of 2013's Vessel, but still airborne."
Consequence of Sound,60,"The result is an album that doesn't quite reach the heights of Vessel, but nevertheless serves as evidence that one of pop's most daring duos isn't about to slow down--even if that means running into a few walls."

Pitchfork,80,"Jackie doesnt often transcend its own well-established boundaries, and it doesnt flow as ***Flawlessly as TMT favorites Beyonc or 1989 (much of Jackies most interesting moments occur in its first half), yet it is a solid alternative for those craving that rare and varied pop gem that warrants repeated listens."
Magnet,80,"The strong-heeled Jackie is far from conservative, and possibly more daring, with three of the years best songs at the very top, middle, and bottom."
The Observer (UK),70,"Jackie is unlikely to vault Ciara into the stratosphere, but it's a solidly produced effort that features an artist comfortable with who she is both privately and as an artist."
PopMatters,68,"The problems with Jackie, a serviceable record that gets better with multiple listens, is that unlike her previous releases it's more heavily focused on paint-by-numbers Dr. Luke electro."
Drowned In Sound,50,"A stilted album."
Mojo,40,"Not for the first time, Ciara is suffering from a case of mixed-bag syndrome, a situation that seems even direr on the 16-track deluxe version, which has two unnecessary alternate versions of I Bet."
Slant Magazine,40,"Jackie feels like a missed opportunity for a talented artist to connect with fans in a new way."
AllMusic,40,"For what its worth, Ciaras voice sounds stronger than ever. Its just much of what shes singing lacks a certain oomph."

Pitchfork,80,"Their classics remain buried in web mixes, but this set captures PC Musics sublime pop philosophy."
PopMatters,80,"The result is a kind of aggressively cute bubblegum trance that sounds like Aqua having a computer meltdown."
CMJ,80,"At almost 30 minutes exactly, PC Music Volume 1 quits while its ahead."
Consequence of Sound,76,"For all their strange angles and squeaky sonorities, these songs satisfy in the way that pop has always satisfied, no more and no less."
The Telegraph (UK),75,"The songs vary in each respective artists execution, but adhere to the labels governing aesthetic: brash beats and sugar-blasted vocals that sound simultaneously engaged and detached from the words they pronounce."
Billboard.com,73,"PC Music is escapism whose primary effect is to remind us of what were trying to escape. We cant trade body for avatar; we cant displace longing forever. But for the space of an album--the sheer forcefulness of this intention smashed into a dizzy half-hour span--the sincerity within our most fundamentally artificial impulses comes calling."
The Guardian,70,"Whats impressive is the wide swathes of bubblegum pop Vol. 1 manages to cover."
Boston Globe,50,"PC Music Volume 1 resembles the soundtrack to a posh private schooler's teen sleepover--glossy, giddy, sparkly and shallow. [Aug 2015, p.55]"
Q Magazine,50,"Beyond Cook's own uncannily elegiac 'Beautiful,' the songs are only as good as the concept, which wears thin fast."

The A.V. Club,80,"She's blurring the lines between R&B and Brill Building, soul and girl group pop, coming up with a vivid, spirited record that ranks among her very best."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Easily the best thing she has done since her album of Muscle Shoals sessions, New Routes, which she made in the early Seventies."
AllMusic,60,"Lulu sounds as vital and feisty as ever. [May 2015, p.93]"
American Songwriter,60,"Theres little in the way of surprises but this is a solidly enjoyable collection."

Los Angeles Times,80,"The results are beautiful."
PopMatters,70,"A renegade songwriter with an ultraflexible Great American Songbook sensibility, McKay finds modern resonances everywhere in this inspired covers set."
musicOMH.com,60,"Where My Weekly Reader shines is on the quieter moments."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),50,"Her whip-smart daffiness sets up her serious moments to hit all the harder--but the performances of the (mostly 60s) covers that make up the album are largely uninspired."

Rolling Stone,80,"With We Fall, Haynie puts all of his eclectic skills and stylistic tastes together, showcasing his studio prowess and compositional talent, as well as his knack for bringing disparate talents together to create new and serendipitously effective songs."
No Ripcord,70,"At its best, We Fall treats its revolving door of guests less like a cavalcade of strangers than a band of familiar colleagues."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"I think its safe to say that We Fall will be nothing if not one of the years more focused pop efforts. That focus sometimes gets in its own way, wanting to be a hit record where it wouldve been smarter to be a cult one, but it appears that may be its fate anyway."
Sputnikmusic,70,"The arrangements provide a plush, tuneful backdrop for lyrics that proffer sympathy but also twist the knife."
NOW Magazine,70,"Other appearances by Sampha, in the spacey A Kiss Goodbye, and Rufus Wainwright, in the stately Little Ballerina, bring out additional qualities in the music even as they advance Haynies love-gone-wrong narrative."
Drowned In Sound,50,"The ornate tracks are as wow-worthy as the guest list--so it's surprising how same-y the mood of wallowing grandeur can get."

The Observer (UK),80,"Kat Dahlia's My Garden is good music. Period."
Billboard.com,60,"My Garden is a mix of colorful party anthems and substantive, pull-no-punches ballads with warmth beneath the surface."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),60,"On Dahlia's debut, My Garden, she transcends the sum of her seemingly disparate influences, proving herself to be a relatively distinct artist, even if her risks don't always pay off."
Exclaim,50,"Dahlia's a talented artist, but though the album aims high, it runs out of steam landing in the realm of just okay."

musicOMH.com,82,"Minajs latest release is a complicated being, one that might never sit easy, but the layers she provides for the listener to peel through provide for an engaging and ultimately satisfying experience."
PopMatters,80,"It is not an instant classic, but it is the work that fans who admire Nicki Minaj the rapper, this critic included, have been waiting for her to make."
Slant Magazine,80,"The Pinkprint is ultimately Nickis most cohesive project."
AllMusic,80,"This is a rap royal in full flex. We're lucky to watch the throne."
The A.V. Club,80,"While it's too early to tell if The Pinkprint is a classic, it's safe to say it's her best album to date. Minaj was finally able to out-rap herself and purge issues she's struggled with in private in her most exposed fashion yet."
Q Magazine,80,"The Pinkprint runs a middle path between pop over exertion and real lyricism, creating an everything for someone aesthetic that Nicki doesn't allow to shift into wastefullness. As such, it is an ambitious undertaking Nicki has wrangled in highly entertaining fashion."
CMJ,80,"Nicki is more personal, more timeless and more connected to her own artistry here, serving some of the most superlative work of her established career on The Pinkprint."
Rolling Stone,75,"The Pinkprints singles underwhelm.... But theyre redeemed by the bonus tracksa thrilling, confounding six-song set that elevates The Pinkprint from an occasionally transcendent, if unbalanced, break-up album to something far more intriguing."
The Observer (UK),75,"The PinkPrint is the closest Nicki Minaj has ever gotten to balancing her tendencies, and the furthest shes ever been from emotional stability."
DIY Magazine,75,"If the late-add dance track confuses things, it's hard to fault Minaj. Throughout The Pinkprint, she's intent on channeling her talent to explore and document her many moods. The combination is often, if not always, intoxicating."
The Guardian,70,"Tracking and self-editing issues have always plagued her Minajesty's projects, but never more so than on this one, an album that probably would've landed with bigger fanfare had Minaj not so loudly touted it as all but an instant classic all year long."
Sputnikmusic,70,"There's frankly very little chance I'd ever listen to this album again if I wasn't obligated to revisit it in a month via '1 Listen' rules, but Nicki's got her own lane and it's not a lane I'm going to roadblock."
Consequence of Sound,70,"This is a big step forward for the genre, and makes one wish that Minaj's content could be as good as her form, that more attention was paid to crafting complex rhymes and less on floating through halfway conceived tracks in a sing-song burble. Yet even if she hasn't fully nailed the balance between her different modes, at least Minaj is doing something challenging, offering a third different approach on her third album."
Pitchfork,68,"An understandable desire to have her traumas understood by everybody inevitably results in a bland mush of melodrama. Despite this, The Pinkprint is Nicki Minajs most successful album by a fairly wide margin, as she becomes more empathetic than at any point in the past while Pink Fridays DMZ between pop and rap becomes little more than a historical footnote in her career."
Clash Music,67,"If The Pinkprint is a letdown compared to The Blueprint, then Minaj brought it on herself. However, as a breakup album that takes heartbreak (or, more specifically, the feeling of having an infinite amount of love to give to an appreciative person) in every direction possible, it provides a template worth imitating."
The Line of Best Fit,60,"Had The Pinkprint included 12 songs rather than the extended version's 22, it could have been a classic."
Pretty Much Amazing,60,"The Pinkprint is her third studio album, and like the first two its full of compromises and half-successes."
Fact Magazine (UK),60,"Disappointingly, Pink hasnt taken Minaj further into the surreality that first promised to turn her into Missy Elliott to the 10th power. But theres no denying the albums catchiness."
Boston Globe,55,"The Pinkprint has moments. Some are great, but most are not."
NOW Magazine,55,"The Pinkprint is let down by some basic conceptual flaws, lackadaisical decision-making and even placing too much faith in bonus tracks to appease the masses"
The Telegraph (UK),50,"The album features far too many flabby hip-hop/pop and pop songs."
Q Magazine,50,"Pinkprint slogs through too many ponderous piano ballads, and it's a shame, because there are moments here that give flashes of that mad brilliance."
musicOMH.com,50,"After 64 minutes of the same, it all starts to feel like a bit of a grind."
The 405,42,"Almost thirty producers were affiliated with the album, yet the music is shockingly simple."
AllMusic,40,"For the most part, though, this seems like a step in the wrong direction: a Nicki Minaj album from somebody whos thoroughly fed up of being Nicki Minaj."

The Observer (UK),60,"The result for Take That is what you would expect: slick production-line pop that puts all the verses, choruses, hooks and beats in the right place, or at least the places we usually find them."
Mixmag,40,"Most songs here sound like capitulations to overworked clichs."
The Quietus,40,"None of their melodies sticks in the head or, crucially, the heart."
New Musical Express (NME),30,"This is a largely irritating and fairly hollow unit shifter, that despite its upbeat nature feels like a cynical move to market."

DIY Magazine,80,"Simple Minds have finally come to terms with all the fragments of their musical identity, focused them in a complementary manner, and delivered a whole with an unapologetic pop savvy and flair. It is easily their most consistent offering since Once Upon a Time."
The Guardian,80,"Their best album in 30 years. [Dec 2014, p.92]"
Clash Music,80,"Big Music's bold title matches the bold music within. [Dec 2014, p.118]"
Billboard.com,80,"This is the first new Simple Minds album in recent memory that youll want to keep returning to."
AllMusic,80,"Big Music sees them come out fighting with their best album in decades. Rather than appearing musically tired or bereft of ideas, they have real stomach for the fight, a resilience that looks set to see their star continue to shine."
Slant Magazine,70,"The main takeaway from what is at times a feast of class pop, is that Simple Minds are a band re-energised and thus re-invented."
Spin,70,"Some other songs miss the mark, including the clumsy Concrete and Cherry Blossom and the annoying Kill or Cure, but diehard fans will still find plenty to like."
Boston Globe,70,"More often Big Music reanimates the band's founding spirit of adventure. [Dec 2014, p.80]"
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),60,"Too much of Big Music seems to be reaching for a gravitas it can't back up with emotional or musical substance. [Dec 2014, p.104]"
Rolling Stone,60,"The band have managed to craft an album of pop thats both true to their sound and interesting enough to give it a contemporary edge."
The Observer (UK),60,"High point Honest Town, gives a slick, new-Millennial pulse to all the retro heartache. But title track Big Music is a wince-inducing reminder of naff, leather-trousered bombast."
PopMatters,55,"Sounding like a cross between the synthesizer pop of Erasure and the stadium anthems of U2, Big Music could have been released in the late '80s and stayed at the top of the international charts."

Entertainment Weekly,60,"Each song still has the inevitable moment of electronic ascent but, as with Coldplay's Recent break-up record, you can';t help but wonder how these songs might've sounded left raw and unslickened. [Jan 2015, p.133]"
NOW Magazine,60,"He seems like a featured artist on his own album, which would be standard issue for other producers turned artist, but not Guetta."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),60,"The recipe might be different, but the ingredients are largely the same."
Pitchfork,60,"Each track has the invention to be a smash hit but the cumulative effect is rather wearing, an album of no emotional depth, in which everyone is going all out to deliver the big single."
Billboard.com,50,"The songwriting remains basic, as always, and vocalist Sam Martin blandly belts 'Lovers on the Sun' and the club hit 'Dangerous.' But the album sounds consistently great."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"Listen speckles similar crackers (Goodbye Friend, Hey Mama) between gushes of sizzle sewage, as if all of Ibizas been trying to get high on glittery laxatives."
AllMusic,40,"Guettas signature throb--so loud in its way that it almost loops back around to silence--is inescapable, overpowering almost every other song with a booming lushness thats used seemingly by numbing default."
Los Angeles Times,40,"Listen still delivers the familiar crowd-pleasing builds and drops, the formulaic song structures."
PopMatters,10,"Not only is none of this fresh, its fast-food vacuity is presented as proud branding."

Rolling Stone,100,"Its revelatory to hear this most intense of bands playing with such ease and fluency, and utterly compelling."
Boston Globe,100,"Alongside alternate LP mixes are early versions of 'Andy's Chest,' 'The Ocean,' and 'Rock'n'Roll'; fascinating abandoned outtakes slated for a supposed 'lost' fourth LP ('Coney Island Steeplechase,' 'Ferryboat Bill'); and some of the most exciting live VU recordings ever."
Slant Magazine,100,"'Sister Ray' comes across like a medley has so many shifts in speed, volume, and energy that it seems more like a medley than a concentrated take on the White Light/White Heat epic. It's the brightest gem among many in the collection, which consolidates all of the group's many faces into one cohesive opus."
The Guardian,100,"The Velvet Underground's stunning simplicity and unflinching honesty presented an even more accessible model of DIY aspiration, free of Warholian conceptualism and Cales classically schooled chaos."
musicOMH.com,100,"The improvement over the seven previously released tracks is one thing, but the treasure here is the 11 unreleased performances.... Few bands ever had a year like the Velvet Underground did in 1969. Even fewer have a set that documents a year like that as beautifully as this one."
Fact Magazine (UK),90,"Though incomplete (those final Cale sessions are an important hole) presenting them as a whole paints a fuller picture of one of the most important bands of the rock era, and forces listeners to at least briefly reimagine one of their favourite records as a wholly different beast."
Pretty Much Amazing,90,"A 65-track, six-CD boxed set featuring several mixes of 1969's studio album, live recordings from San Francisco's Matrix and a disc of VU's never-released fourth album.... This disc is worth the price of admission. [No. 116, p.51]"
DIY Magazine,90,"In terms of unreleased material, the motherlode is the two-disc Live at The Matrix set, recorded on November 26 and 27, 1968 at the San Francisco venue. Of the 18 songs here, 10 are previously unreleased.... All are comprehensively bested by the 36-minute version of 'Sister Ray.' [Jan 2015, p.81]"
Pretty Much Amazing,89,"VU arrived in Los Angeles with new bass player Doug Yule to track its third and final LP for MGM Records, here excavated as a 6-CD set. Bassist/keyboardist/viola virtuoso Cale's absence proved sonically profound."
Exclaim,80,"The Velvet Underground features some of Reeds strongest work; few will need reminders of the melancholy bliss of Candy Says and Pale Blue Eyes.... The two discs of different mixes of the record here (including the legendary mono Closet mix from the original pressing) are refreshing reminders of the quality of an album thats often underrated in comparison to its predecessors."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"Much is familiar, via the archive releases VU and Another View. But with all traces of 80s remixes removed, the performances now sound as they should--less like a rock band and more like The Velvet Underground. [Jan 2015, p.104]"

Consequence of Sound,80,"Four is hard to dislike: it's cheery, uplifting, high spirited and good fun."
Boston Globe,75,"They're growing up not by going wild but--get this--by relaxing. And the result is their best work yet."
AllMusic,70,"Four [is] the most consisting-sounding Direction album yet."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"Four does not break or even bend any rules in pop music, and it certainly doesnt aim to be cutting edge. Its mix of driving power pop, muscular harmonies, and acoustic alchemy is as manicured as the groups previous bestsellers."
The Observer (UK),70,"Luckily on Four the scales are tipped heavily in favor of the kind of songs they do best, with the majority of them sounding like good-time hits that will go a long way toward warming up a cold November night."
NOW Magazine,67,"[On album's first half] the melodies are sturdy and the lyrics catch. Later, the titles get sillier (''Stockholm Syndrome''), and the guitar-jam vibe turns as dull as every real-life guitar jam. But when Four ends, your ears are guilt-free."
Pitchfork,67,"The record is yet another perfect encapsulation of modern pop music. Yet, in the process, the band has shed the scrappiness and spunk that made its early music so endearing."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"It's not all suddenly-grown-up rock music, of course, with tracks like No Control and Fool's Gold retaining the boys' perky teen-pop charm; and whatever style is adopted, the choruses are all reassuringly collective singalongs."
Spin,60,"The band mainly shows growth through the music."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Four ups the chords a smidgen further."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Instead of using that realization to push ahead, Four represents a step back in both sound and sensibility."
musicOMH.com,60,"Its hardly groundbreaking pop, but Four is capably sung and beautifully produced."
Under The Radar,50,"One Directions best and most fun album since its debut, and yet still curiously distant."
PopMatters,50,"None of these tracks can match the best cuts on the act's first two albums for sheer catchiness."
Rolling Stone,50,"The album's irresistibly obvious choruses, hackneyed sentiments, and puppy-eyed earnestness can come off as endearing when the songwriting is clever enough, but every misstep is, despite the band's efforts to assert more control over their music, a painful reminder of One Direction's status as a manufactured, focus-grouped pop entity."
Clash Music,42,"Whats unfortunate is that songs the group co-wrote are the weakest ones here. The exception is the aforementioned lead single, a Journey-inspired ballad thats catchy regardless of how much my instincts demand instant dismissal. The other slower, anthemic numbers on the album are not nearly as inspired."

The 405,75,"His largely straight-ahead approach will rankle EDM devotees who are searching for boundary-busting beats, but he's taking his chances with the most unpredictable technology of all: the human voice."
Slant Magazine,60,"Ultimately, Motion is somewhat of a scattered album with some shining moments."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"The big pop hooks and breakdowns are here, but there is little sense of Harriss personality."
AllMusic,60,"The album's most arresting moments are stuck in the shadows, mere teasers for an artist the listener knows exists, but is intentionally sidelined."
Alternative Press,60,"Despite a few bright moments, Motion is disappointingly bland--especially since Harris has made plenty of memorable electro-pop before and after his EDM makeover."
Rolling Stone,50,"Harris is updating his EDM template rather than coming close to reimagining it."
Boston Globe,50,"The presence of those strong women [Gwen Stefani and Haim] does wonders for Harris amped-up music. They bring out the man, not the meathead, in the machine."
Q Magazine,40,"Most of the drops on the 15-track disc disappoint; too many songs never truly take off."
Magnet,40,"Regrettably, such ear candy [like 'Blame'] is few and far between."

Rolling Stone,91,"The only significant misstep on Tough Love is the plodding Kind Of... Somtimes... Maybe, which is just as hesitant and wishy-washy as its title suggests. In other words, its unlike the rest of Tough Love, which is sure-footed, propulsive, and breathtakingly confident."
Clash Music,83,"Pensive, silken R&B. [24 Oct 2014, p.63]"
Uncut,80,"Gorgeous minimalist songs are punctuated by Prince-like synths and Ware's impressive vocal range. [Nov 2014, p.102]"
Paste Magazine,80,"All in all, Ware has gone the correct route with Tough Love."
The A.V. Club,80,"These radio-ready confections teem with smart hooks and fuller choruses."
Record Collector,80,"Tough Love is a tour de force album, one that nails heartache with sophistication and class."
Q Magazine,80,"She imparts yearning with such controlled restraint and lightness of touch its sublime."
Drowned In Sound,80,"For the most part, it is an assured collection of songs that exudes the confidence of an artist at the peak of her powers."
Billboard.com,80,"Actually listen to Tough Love and youll realise that Ware has made a record that is totally ready for chart success, should her label promote it accordingly, but also deeper and more thoughtfully-considered than any British pop album that lingers in recent memory; the fact that it seems so reserved is nothing more than an indicator of Wares confidence in the potency of its sensuality."
Sputnikmusic,80,"A genuinely superior slice of small hours electro-pop."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"Its not an album that fights for your attention,  but one that knows it doesnt have to try."
PopMatters,80,"Its this confidence that really shines throughout the album. Wares vocals are at the forefront, no longer hidden amongst a cloud of heavy electronics."
Rolling Stone,80,"Tough Love is an album that reveals itself gradually, reducing this ever-beguiling artist down to her essence, while offering ample opportunity for her to develop her technique."
The New York Times,74,"Where Devotion contained only three or four songs with big, traditional choruses, Tough Love is built on them."
Boston Globe,73,"You get the sense that pretty much any style could be Wares if she commits to it, but for now its nice to hear her explore a level of sophistication as her star continues to rise."
AllMusic,70,"For all its vulnerability, Tough Love is tenacious, too, brimming with R&B grooves and a whole lot of soul."
The Independent (UK),70,"Twinkly epic 'Cruel' is especially outstanding, while collaborations with Dev Hynes (Want Your Feeling) and Miguel (Kind Of Sometimes Maybe) save the latter half from drifting too far into languid MOR ballad territory."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),60,"What we find with Tough Love is an album just as conceptually focused as Devotion, yet too willing to waste Wares sophisticated emotionality on tracks with no depth or purpose to them."
Los Angeles Times,60,"What she's lost in subtlety she's gained in star power, off the back of two years of touring and a slow-burning hit album."
The Telegraph (UK),60,"Ware continues to express a multitude of emotions with superb elegance. The material, unfortunately, is on a lower plane."
PopMatters,60,"Its the most chart-friendly songs, such as the swaying Ed Sheeran co-write Say You Love Me--still whispery-smooth, but a bit more there--that immediately register; the rest of this intriguing album takes its time to blossom."
AllMusic,60,"It's mainly successful: co-written with Ed Sheeran, new acoustic single Say You Love Me may ebe a relation of Extreme's More Than Words, but elsewhere stories are told more vividly, with non-showboating vocalist Ware infusing the songs with restrained emotion. [Nov 2014, p.114]"
Mojo,60,"It is tempered and classic-sounding. But the sounds are as itchy and oppressive as they are tasteful."
The Independent (UK),55,"Her off-kilter stance on traditional soul-pop helped her stand out from the crowd. Now, it's hard not to think she's content playing the part of another pretty, predictable voice."
Rolling Stone,50,"Tough Love relies more on gravitas, allowing more space for overly serious numbers like the Emile Haynie-produced Pieces. Sometimes sweetness works better."
Q Magazine,40,"Its a record that masks its lack of content under swathes of super-hip production tics."

The Guardian,80,"[Kiesza] serves up is one of the most elastic albums of the 1990s, both 20 years too late and also totally in time."
The Observer (UK),70,"Itll definitely prove a little too keen on mid-1990s house beats for younger ears, but its a sure-footed statement of intent from a top newcomer amongst 2014s pop crowd who, on this evidence, is going to contend for further number ones in the coming years."
Uncut,70,"Sound of a Woman quickly reveals itself to be a crafty bait and switch. With its scratchy trip-hop beat, soulful vocals, and sparsely placed keyboards and synthesized string stabs, 'Losin' My Mind' is more Blue Lines than Big Fun, while the Jessie Ware-esque electro-soul ballads 'So Deep' and 'Vietnam' find the singer dabbling in drum n' bass and freestyle, respectively."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),70,"While Sound of a Woman is slightly too long and unfocused, at its best it's a potent reminder of how much fun this sound was--and is."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"The Calgary-born singer and songwriter showcases an even wider palette on her debut full-length, Sound Of A Woman."
Q Magazine,60,"It's still on the dancefloor showstoppers--No Enemiesz, Giant In My Heart--that she really comes alive. [Jan 2015, p.127]"
Filter,60,"Her smarter, odder lines (Put your hand on my piano) stand out amid the clubbing clichs, though her high, slightly strangled, often shouted vocals dont."
New York Daily News (Jim Faber),60,"Kiesza may have already dominated the charts and club scene, but shes got a whole lot more tricks up her sleeve."
AllMusic,60,"Its Top of the Pops in 1992. Its not at all bad."
Exclaim,60,"Kieszas so much better when she reels back her impressively ranging vocals to buttery."
PopMatters,52,"Sound of a Woman fails to spark, as its homogenous textures blend together to rob this music of the personality and emotion it has when done right."
Mojo,40,"Ultimately, too many promising tracks fall flat, and Kieszas strong, emotive voice is forced to do all the heavy lifting."

The Observer (UK),80,"This album is full of the sort of self-lacerating confessional music that was all the rage two decades ago, and now, in a different time, feels both completely foreign and surprisingly refreshing."
Rolling Stone,76,"This is a very nice record, yet feels more settled overall. Nevertheless, it's a matter of choice rather than quality."
The New York Times,70,"Even if certain passages verge on the heavy-handedness that one might find in a high school literary magazine, there's a brazenness to Lambert's self-exposure and a particularity to her diction that distinguish her from other open-hearted songwriters."
HipHopDX,60,"By emphasizing melody and feel over art and angst, Lambert's come up with a debut that goes down quite smoothly."
The Guardian,50,"Clearly, Lambert has talent, but on Heart she's merely scratching the surface."

Uncut,60,"All in all, Black Star Elephant seems accomplishes its goals--delivering an album that thrives off its good vibes. There is no denying that Nico & Vinz better their listeners by eschewing negativity, not to mention avoiding profanity for the most part. That said, sometimes so much positivity grows ever too schmaltzy and a bit blas."
Record Collector,60,"Nico & Vinz are lite bubblegum worldbeat pop, and will try on any fashion just as long as it might bring them a hit."
Q Magazine,60,"The unwavering positivism of this cultural mash-up is compelling; if only theyd resisted the urge to include motivational interludes spoken in the style of a tribal elder, which nudges the album into the cheese zone."
AllMusic,50,"The albums social commitments are stronger than its aesthetic commitments, but it doesnt suffer for that."
PopMatters,50,"Lyrics like 'You dont have to be big and tall/To stand up and hold your own' (from 'Miracles') play like inspirational memes. Still, their hearts are in such the right place that it's hard to totally root against them."

Mojo,84,"That these tunes are complemented by some of the sexiest pop cooked up yet this year only adds to the heated vibe."
The Guardian,80,"It is certainly their most well-rounded and diverse, one that adds some pop-machine savvy without losing any of the insouciant charm they've had to spare in the past."
The Independent (UK),70,"Compltement Fou is filled to the brim with catchy electro-pop tracks about shaking your hips, going crazy and road trips."
The Telegraph (UK),67,"Lyrically, Compltement Fou--Completely Crazy--remains in the Frenchies' native tongue, but this third offering's primary language is pop."

musicOMH.com,82,"Once gratuitous fillers are skipped, gems appear, especially on the closing half, where Brown is lucid about his tabloid love life."
The Observer (UK),80,"There aren't many singers who have both the vocal ability and range of delivery to traverse a musical landscape that vast, but Brown does it all while impressively managing to maintain a real cohesion throughout X."
Drowned In Sound,80,"X certainly proves that Chris Browns talent will forever shine through over whatever troubles come his way."
New Musical Express (NME),74,"It is simply a good collection of good songs, put together by talented folks to showcase their obvious talents."
musicOMH.com,70,"Brown combines memorable hooks with some stellar production work on the rubbery disco-funk of 'Add Me In' (courtesy of Danja) and the blithe, swaying 'Time for Love' (a collaboration with Jean Baptiste and Free School). In these and a few other songs, romantic affection, expressed with seemingly genuine sweetness, takes precedence over sexual aggression and petulance."
Under The Radar,67,"Running 21 tracks and 75 minutes in its deluxe edition, X sometimes threatens to be too much. But theres enough appealing material to support that runtime."
AllMusic,60,"Personality aside, Chris Browns ability to succeed artistically at delivering sounds in all three sectors of urban Pop makes this release a great, yet disjointed listen."
Pitchfork,50,"Chris Brown's sixth album is adventurous musically and a total mess lyrically."
The 405,50,"Aside from the standout club banger 'Add Me In,' which is steeped in arithmetic and trigonometry metaphors, and '101,' which finds Brown doing '101 on the 101,' the album's lyrics largely eschew mathematical objects in favor of soul-baring like 'Autumn Leaves' and sex talk like 'Songs on 12 Play,' which likens a girl to a song from the titular R. Kelly album."
DIY Magazine,40,"X is one of his least ambitious releases."
Exclaim,40,"It's good for Brown that so many stars have rallied around him, despite his troubles. If only the new songs supported him as strongly."

Q Magazine,100,"A chameleon with an endless stream of alter egos and the vocal chops to pull them all off."
AllMusic,70,"For an indie record, the sound of We Loved Her Dearly works nicely, but Lowell's ambitions--and her songwriting chops--are at another level, and better production would make them more emphatic."
Uncut,70,"We Loved Her Dearly shows a lot of promise and there's plenty to like about Lowell's attitude and talent, but some gentle tightening of her vision would go a long way in strengthening her image."
musicOMH.com,65,"Elizabeth Lowell Boland imbues readymade DIY-pop earworms with messages of feminism that touch on topics of sexuality, abuse, and gender politics. [Sep/Oct 2014, p.103]"
PopMatters,40,"If We Loved Her Dearly is any indication, Lowell has simply run out of material, if not ideas, musical or otherwise."

Under The Radar,80,"This is something better: a record designed to carry on the tradition of smooth, fizzy bubblegum into the new millennium and, against all odds, it succeeds mightily."
Mojo,70,"While the music might be chilled-out, an innate tension invites deeper listening."
The Line of Best Fit,60,"When they stick to the 60s Cali Pop of the uplifting We Are Done and dreamy California Rain, they produce some remarkably winning songs worthy of van-loads of bearded, guitar-toting indie popsters aping the Beach Boys and the Mommas And The Papas. When they miss, though, its more unbearable than rush hour traffic on the 405."
Pitchfork,60,"Greetings From California is an album that shines a light on The Madden Brothers' mature side. [13 Sep 2014, p.53]"
Drowned In Sound,40,"The pristine production undermines any realness, like an amber-tinted Instagram filter."

The Guardian,80,"Creation is a tightly focused, instantly accessible and gloriously summery on the surface as its predecessor. [Jul 2014, p.114]"
AllMusic,80,"The result is a top-drawer effort that establishes them as major players."
musicOMH.com,75,"As is so often the case with albums like Creation--records that find bands daring to tear up old moves and comfortable registers--the album only stalls when it lapses into familiarity."
The Observer (UK),70,"Ultimately, with Creation, the Pierces have delivered a lovingly crafted album that showcases their creative growth."
Los Angeles Times,60,"Long gone from Creation is the balancing act between country roots and pop ambition of their earlier albums, leaving a dense, darkly alluring pop where, if you listen closely, you might just hear a kitchen sink or two rattling in the background. [Jul 2014, p.93]"
Clash Music,60,"Overall this record is much like its predecessor, 2011's You & I."
The 405,60,"Ultimately, Creation does not add anything drastically different to The Pierces back catalogue. At its best, the pairs fifth LP familiarises us once again with their pitch-perfect harmonies and tightly constructed, polished melodies."
PopMatters,50,"There's a certain wonky charm to the title track, but elsewhere Creation is too clean and clearly aimed at a Radio 2 demographic to be much more than background noise. [Jul 2014, p.78]"

AllMusic,81,"As a result, My Everything is a less cohesive project than Yours Truly, although its best moments eclipse the highs of Grande's 2013 debut."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"Yours Truly kept you singing until the moon shined and My Everything will make you want to dance until the sun comes up."
Uncut,77,"Turns out, so-called mini-Mariah can hold her own in 2014; and while the best songs here may not be timeless, they certainly feel right for right now."
Mojo,75,"What leaves an impression is Grande herself, deeply cheerful yet with guns blazing, an innocent newcomer no more."
The Telegraph (UK),75,"Despite its shortcomings, My Everything succeeds in its primary objective. This is a pop record, clear and simple."
The Guardian,70,"It's a confident, intelligent, brazen pop statement, mixing bubblegum diva vocals with EDM break beats."
musicOMH.com,70,"Perhaps Grande doesn't embody the songs the way an old-fashioned diva would, but she functions as a likeable pop ringleader, stepping aside when the track calls for it and then unleashing a full-throated wail when it's her time to shine."
The Independent (UK),67,"For her second album, My Everything, Grande has picked a set of songs so lyrically bland, sonically inoffensive, and artistically empty that they produce a zero-impact experience--musical vanilla fro-yo poured directly into your ears. It's by no means painful; there are even moments of fun."
The Observer (UK),65,"The metallic fingerprint of Auto-Tune is all over My Everything, even the vocal trills that start off the album."
XXL,60,"My Everything isnt quite everything, but its enough."
AllMusic,60,"The innocence in Grandes voice helps her bring off the cliches in the more earnest material, like the soapy ballad Why Try or Just A Little Bit of Your Heart, co-written by One Directions Harry Styles. She proves less sure on more flip songs."
Boston Globe,60,"Despite a cast list that includes Childish Gambino and The Weeknd (and, if you're that way inclined, Harry Styles), there's often a facelessness that defeats even Grande's lush vocal performances."
Rolling Stone,58,"My Everything is so well-constructed and designed to succeed, it rarely loosens up enough to let any depth of character (or real surprises) surface."
NOW Magazine,50,"Tying everything back to the idea of the album as a showcase for Grandes newfound maturity, My Everything ends up ringing hollow."
HipHopDX,50,"Its all well and good to deal with tough topics through music, but My Everything puts on a breezy pop face that severely hinders the potential poignancy of Grandes words, morphing them into a more disquieting figure."
Billboard.com,50,"Nothing else, however, on Grande's sophomore effort, My Everything, fulfills the promise of those two singles ['Problem' and 'Bang Bang']."
AllMusic,40,"My Everything is so concerned with making a palatable pop singer, it has watered down its subject to the point of tastelessness. It is pop music Bud Light."
The Telegraph (UK),40,"My Everything truly sound[s] like a grab-bag of ideas, lacking any sort of conceptual unity or overall theme."
The A.V. Club,40,"Song after song goes by far too slickly, showcasing Grande's good girl technical ability and her songwriters' hit-making formulae at the expense of lasting memories."

Entertainment Weekly,100,"There's pure pop gold to be found here, but also envelope-pushing alchemy that turns these songs into unforgettable aural expressions of joy."
Los Angeles Times,80,"An album that just becomes more engaging with time, The Golden Echo lives up to its name: it refashions the best of what came before it into something alluringly modern and a lot of fun."
The Guardian,80,"She brings the art school to the dance floor in non-corny ways. [No. 112, p.57]"
Slant Magazine,80,"On her sophomore effort, The Golden Echo, Kimbra hasn't reined in her sonic exploration (where else would you find ex-Silverchair singer Daniel Johns and bassist Thundercat as primary contributors on the same album?), yet there's a more cohesive feel to the project."
Spin,80,"It feels less like album and more like a smorgasbord of everything Kimbra loves, and not in a bad way at all."
Rolling Stone,75,"A remarkable chameleon, at various points Kimbra swings her voice to suggest Chaka Khan, Amy Winehouse, The xx's Romy Madley Croft and Janelle Monae, and weaves her tone through music thick with structural experimentation."
Boston Globe,70,"Though its list of guests may suggest a hedge, Echo largely hews to the road that's less heavily trod upon."
Sputnikmusic,70,"At its worst, The Golden Echo is admirably faceless, exhausting in its eager quest to be everything to everyone at once. At its best, its subversive pop brilliance."
The Independent (UK),67,"For most of its length, The Golden Echo is so jam-packed that the songs where Kimbra tones down the decor and lets her lyrics ring become some of the most interesting."
The New York Times,50,"As well intentioned as it is, with occasional mesmerizing production that flutters back and forth, everything leaves you feeling like there should have been more at the root of this project."
NOW Magazine,43,"For now, though, Kimbra's status as 'That singer from the Gotye song' woefully underserves her full potential, but so does The Golden Echo."
Mojo,42,"It starts off brilliantly, but by the end of twelve tracks, it tapers off into an incessant and increasingly underwhelming performance."

The Independent (UK),81,"Overall, 5 Seconds of Summer is a delightful debut from a group that cannot be easily pigeonholed, and is worth paying attention to."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"Ultimately, 5 Seconds of Summer have crafted an album of songs that stick in your head like neon bubblegum on a hot summer sidewalk."
musicOMH.com,70,"No one will argue 5 Seconds Of Summer is high art, but it ultimately works more often than it doesnt. And, perhaps most important of all, it feels authentic."
The Guardian,63,"Hemmings and his bandmates match these frank admissions with music thats equally straightforward."
The Observer (UK),60,"Although everything is rendered with a high-shine gloss and sanitised precision that makes it more saccharine than Sex Pistols, there's still an enjoyment to be had on a basic level. [5 Jul 2014, p.53]"
NOW Magazine,60,"In truth, 5 Seconds of Summer are unlikely to replace their elders any time soon. But they do provide a nice alternative--one with fetching songs and just enough sass to stand out."
Billboard.com,60,"The band's members pitched in writing for nearly every track on their debut, which starts with 'She Looks So Perfect' and proceeds through 11 more bertame pop-punk songs about love and heartbreak that wish they were as great (power ballad 'Beside You' comes closest). Still, their self-deprecating tunes have their charms."
Pretty Much Amazing,60,"Aimed squarely at the teenage market, it's shrill exuberance and lyrical mischief all round as songs leap and sometimes creak under the weight of their double entendres."
Exclaim,60,"There's nothing desperately original about the 12 songs on their debut album.... But they're delivered with such winning enthusiasm that they make an old formula seem fresh."
The Telegraph (UK),50,"The lyrics leave no room for subtext--Good girls, goes the kickiest songs thesis, are bad girls that havent been caught--and the gleaming instrumentation sounds untouched by human hands."

Entertainment Weekly,100,"At only nine tracks long, but with every one of them worthy of single status, it displays, as pop albums go, both rare economy and staggering consistency."
Boston Globe,100,"In truth, the songwriting quality never really dips. Almost sickeningly overburdened with fantastic tunes, Trouble in Paradise may well be not just a triumph against the odds, but the best pop album we'll hear this year."
AllMusic,90,"In spite of all the terror and uncertainty, it's the warmth that lingers."
Slant Magazine,90,"This polished set is pure aural candy from front-to-back and firmly re-establishes Jackson as one of Britains premier pop talents."
Los Angeles Times,80,"La Rouxs march may has slowed to a stroll, but she proves here that she can captivate at any pace."
Q Magazine,80,"The laid-back riffs and grooves are balanced by big hooks and melodies that make the most of Jacksons airy (and refreshingly unprocessed-sounding) voice."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Jackson writes open-endedly, shifting between direct experience and metaphor; mysteries left unsolved by her lyrics and persona are alternately heightened and resolved by the hurt in her voice, the assuredness of her arrangements."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"Jackson is more adventurous here."
Clash Music,80,"Tearing its way through nine songs of heady, humid, pop music in quick, effortless succession, La Roux is quickly establishing herself as a formidable force of pop, and it will be interesting to see where Elly Jackson goes from here."
Rolling Stone,80,"Elly Jackson firmly takes control of her career and delivers a tremendously confident second album, one that repositions La Roux and has a whole lot of fun while doing so."
NOW Magazine,80,"Theres a notable evolution here, and we see the lone Jackson strive for something you can sink your teeth into over the course of a few days, weeks, month, rather than something you can insufflate at a club in the space of a few minutes."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"There's barely a wasted note on these nine tracks. [Aug 2014, p.104]"
Spin,80,"A much warmer, more luxurious record than the brittle debut, the shrillness wiped from Jackson's voice in favour of uncontrived and appealing attitude. [Aug 2014, p.74]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),76,"A welcome, long-awaited return after a troubled hiatus, but it hums along comfortably without striking any innovative poses."
The Observer (UK),75,"Is Trouble In Paradise a groundbreaking work of unparalleled foresight and talent? No. But is it a spectacular assessment of La Rouxs painfully progressive growth over the past half-decade? Maybe."
The Guardian,70,"Trouble in Paradise is at once sleek and solid, every track pulsing with a kind of confidence that invites closer listening but is equally pleasant as a collection of mood-heightening jams."
The Independent (UK),70,"On par with that debut? Not quite, but there's still plenty here to lift a pop fan's spirits, or potentially lift one's arse off the couch, if that's where it's currently posted."
Fact Magazine (UK),70,"With songs like this, Trouble in Paradise proves Jackson is still better than many of her contemporaries when it comes to making fizzy electro-pop."
Chicago Tribune,70,"Her vintage synth-pop magnificence (see 2009's hit 'Bulletproof') has warmed into the sort of electro-disco drama you imagine the Daft Punk robots blasting as they cruise down Highway 1."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Even if she doesn't match the heights of Florence, she can rest easy knowing she's made much better records."
Consequence of Sound,67,"Its been five years since those initial encounters, yet, as with all close friendships, the dialogue still flows as comfortably as ever across La Rouxs sophomore LP, Trouble in Paradise.... Still a pop record at the end of the day, the album is not without its share of weak lyrics."
Sputnikmusic,65,"For all Jackson's personal struggle and exploration, Paradise feels like a safe record, calibrated for the comfort of an imagined audience, working at its best when it becomes almost invisible--the accessory to the experience and not the experience itself."
The Quietus,60,"Trouble In Paradise proves her more than capable of putting together a solid pop album on her own. [No. 112, p.57]"
The A.V. Club,60,"On this persuasive second outing, the endless beach seems a grey and loveless place without the object of La Roux's desire."
PopMatters,60,"Elly Jackson has evolved and improved over her debut. While their may be nothing quite as earworm-worthy as Bulletproof on this album, she makes a strong case for an artist to keep listening to looking into the future."
musicOMH.com,60,"La Roux returns on its own terms, with at least five minutes and 40 seconds that capture tremendous artistic growth and expression."
Billboard.com,60,"A good listen. that slightly misses the debut's exuberant cohesion. [Aug 2014, p.86]"
Entertainment Weekly,50,"When Trouble in Paradise loses its way, it's because Jackson has traded in her frigid allure and commanding bellicosity for frailty and soft-heartedness, sentiments she doesn't deliver with any sort of sincerity."

cokemachineglow,60,"Ultimately, NoNoNo have a good feel for the past, but an even better feel for the present."
The Line of Best Fit,58,"Though We Are Only What We Feel plods through similar tempos and uniform textures, Wppling sings with enough character to keep the record from fading into the background."
Clash Music,50,"The journeyman ready-mades of We Are Only What We Feel betray a basic incomprehension and simultaneous exploitation of disposable music."
The A.V. Club,40,"NONONO are Swedish afterall, so while uneclectic, the album is not without its well executed, catchy genre charms. But what NONONO does well on We Are Only What We Feel, other people have done better time and time again."
Sputnikmusic,33,"We Are Only What We Feel, if you go in expecting very little, can provide some background noise pleasure. But it only lights up for three seconds at a time. And then its trash."

Paste Magazine,100,"Throughout it all, Sheeran stays true to the essential artistic notions of the classic singer-songwriter genre by treating his music as a vehicle for emotional veracity, personal revelation and universal inclusion."
Q Magazine,81,"x finds a hungry artist doing everything possible to elevate to another level, simply by abiding by his instincts."
The Guardian,80,"An album more obviously influenced by urban music than its predecessor, which sees Sheeran gently, but confidently, pushing at the boundaries of what he does."
musicOMH.com,80,"Taylor Swift bestie and duet partner, writer of songs for One Direction, management client of Sir Elton John, British singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran comes into his own on his sophomore album x--pronounced mulitply."
Drowned In Sound,80,"He's taken chances and won again. [Jul 2014, p.115]"
DIY Magazine,75,"['Thinking Out Loud' is] one of few minor lapses on an otherwise solid pop album, on which Sheeran acknowledges that growing up is messy and tough--but affirms that navigating life with maturity and confidence is possible."
Rolling Stone,75,"These little rebellions [dropping F-bombs, admitting to 'smoking illegal weed'--even flirting with rap] don't make him edgy, but they feel more honest than the gooey, light-of-a-thousand-stars ballads he's known for."
Boston Globe,70,"These gangly excursions in rap are evidence of Sheeran's youth and his generation, something that keeps X from being merely a bit of excellently crafted mature pop and gives it some appealing character."
Exclaim,70,"X presents Ed Sheeran in somewhat of an identity crisis. Still, its fascinating to hear him work out whether hes a hopeless romantic or just a guy who thinks romance is hopeless."
Slant Magazine,63,"Well-crafted, generous and willing to lay it on thick when necessary, but fun to be around nonetheless."
Consequence of Sound,60,"The album is good thats for sure; Sheeran is too talented to deliver a sub par album. It suffers in terms of consistency."
Pretty Much Amazing,60,"Most of these ballads are in the middle of the album, which drags it down somewhat, so its a blessed relief when Pharrell returns to produce the excellent Runaway."
Pitchfork,60,"Actually, theres nothing Sheeran does here that Mraz hasnt done before, often more cleverly. Even so, Sheeran can write a hummable tune and, clearly, has something young girls love even more than looks: heart."
The Fly (UK),60,"There are plenty of oversweet ballad moments ('Tenerife Sea'). But he can be surprisingly hard-bitten, too."
PopMatters,50,"Though charmingly lo-fi and sure to satisfy any enamoured female fan, most of these tracks drag on too long without any payoff."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"Charmless kiss-offs (Dont) and sappy sentiments (People Fall in Love in Mysterious Ways) dominate otherwise, landing with the thud of the authentically uninspiring."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),40,"X is a vapid and overly confident album that feels more like regression than progression for Ed Sheeran's indie folk sound."
The Observer (UK),40,"The appeal is easy to hear, but ultimately X undermines emotional rawness with slick production and lyrical goop that feels calculated and bland."
The Independent (UK),40,"x's first third is not without its issues but there is charm, not to mention the feeling that Sheeran really is trying to raise his game. A pity, then, that the remaining 35 minutes is alternatively as generic and simpering as it gets."
Spin,40,"The name of the game here may be multiplying, but Sheeran knows where his bread is buttered and that is in writing chick lit, not window-steamers."

AllMusic,85,"Smith bares more than his vocal cords on this record. Every story of unrequited love that's been put to song is powerful in its own right."
The A.V. Club,80,"Only in a few songs does he draw on souls common language of strain and overstatement and its exciting when he does. At his most forceful he can sound like Simply Reds Mick Hucknall. Far more often hes in the erudite territory of Smokey Robinson, letting his falsetto waft ever higher."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"In the Lonely Hour is a mostly fantastic debut that is more than deserving of a double dip."
The New York Times,80,"Its universally accessible, and its the kind of pop that has the potential to dominate the charts and win over hearts during festival slots."
AllMusic,70,"Where Smith will follow his muse next is anyones guess, but for now, his talent is a clear force to be reckoned with and his debut is ripe with promise."
Billboard.com,70,"Just when you've started to grow weary of Smith's pity party, it's over. And there are enough moments of genuine musical, lyrical, and vocal virtuosity and soul to crack even the most hardened listener's icy heart."
Pitchfork,70,"This is an understated and promising first step from an unpredictable and distinctive talent."
Under The Radar,67,"As singles, the LP works. But as a whole product, listeners could start wondering if they hit repeat by accident."
PopMatters,60,"In The Lonely Hour starts promisingly.... The second half declines into self-pity, windy balladry and squeaky-strings-as-authenticity cliche. [Aug 2014, p.110]"
musicOMH.com,60,"When Smith gets a little feistier (his last resort), the songs feel more ambitious; but its the more minimal, quiet ones that hit home emotionally."
Slant Magazine,60,"While the album flirts with a few radiant moments, Smith's endless yearning isn't wrapped in as many irresistible packages."
Rolling Stone,60,"Thematic monomania is one thing, but musically, In the Lonely Hour could have done with more variety."
Spin,60,"Smith's vocals are spot-on throughout, save for the odd Mariah-esque trickle towards X Factor auditionee theatrics, and find themselves paired with as pitch-perfect a production as has been heard all year."
Pretty Much Amazing,60,"While he has talent and likability, it's a shame this album is not a little freakier, a little riskier--a little lonelier."
Filter,58,"In the Lonely Hour is less meaningless and vapid than a song as unapologetically hammy as Classic, but the result is unfortunately the same."
DIY Magazine,58,"In the Lonely Hour is inexpressive and hard to sit through despite being built for easy listening."
No Ripcord,55,"In the Lonely Hour comes from a personal place, it doesn't end up feeling like a very personal record."
Consequence of Sound,50,"Apart from perhaps three exceptions, most of these tracks get lost in their own elegant, introspective and lovelorn swirl of tedious easy listening."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"Smith sugary falsetto comes across a tad one dimensional and inexpressive on his solo debut In The Lonely Hour."
The Fly (UK),42,"Smith plays it safe, joining the growing crop of British talent with big voices and little personalities. At least he sounds pleasant though."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"In The Lonely Hour is an album made by an artist who spent years waiting to be famous, but when he got there, found that he didnt actually have that much to say."
Q Magazine,40,"The music does its best to couch Smiths melodramatic overreach in swoonily supple adult pop, but only on Like I Can--a grand, reach-for-the-sky imprecation focused more on his rivals shortcomings than on what he himself brings to the table--does it have enough conviction to counter what he is singing."
Tiny Mix Tapes,40,"Its formulaic songwriting and middling, lite-pop arrangements seem more concerned with top 40 appeal than with maximizing the richness and openness of his voice."
Mojo,40,"Its a shame to see a talented guy rushed into making the wrong record."

Q Magazine,80,"Another triumphant reaffirmation of UK dance music's mass appeal. [Jun 2014, p.120]"
The Guardian,80,"While what Clean Bandit are doing is incredibly interesting, its probably premature to say that theyre harbingers of musical enlightenment. They may, however, be the heralds of super-duper/boogietacular parties across the summer."
AllMusic,65,"While there are hours of discussions to be had about whether 'electronic/classical' hybrids can consistently sound good in a pop context, New Eyes provides ample evidence for erring on the electronic side of that split."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"New Eyes remains such a small, subtle, and soft record that by the end, it doesn't feel very daring or different."
Uncut,60,"At its best, New Eyes is proof that you can get away with pretty much anything as long as you're clever about it. Even in its more ordinary moments, it's still a classical gas."
musicOMH.com,60,"Sometimes great, often fun, but mostly quite confused, its not a focused LP--though its certainly an expression of the oddness of 2014."
Slant Magazine,50,"It's not all bad, and sometimes the reverse is true, with the strings the best thing about the track; the opening figure from 'A+E' is very pretty and the violin rising up in 'Cologne' is melodious and elegant, but they both give way to more of the electro-flotsam."
The Guardian,50,"Theres melody and slick production throughout, but all the life and soul of an accountancy website."
PopMatters,40,"After an Our Version of Events-worthy build, its crying out for something slightly off-kilter to douse the saccharine overload, but instead shoots for a bounding chorus of Rather Be-proportions, which misses in favour of something that can only be described as 90s dance clunk."
AllMusic,40,"The lyrics are uniformly awful."
Fact Magazine (UK),30,"The classical elements are independently pleasing--as youd expect when elements of Shostakovich, Mozart and so on are used--but by drenching it all in commercial dance production, the supposed fusion becomes a bastardisation."

The Observer (UK),78,"With some hits and misses, A.K.A. journeys through some predictable refrains with a handful of prospective triumphs."
AllMusic,60,"When the scale tips too heavily toward rhythm--as it does on 'Booty' and 'I Luh Ya Papi'--the productions don't do Lopez many favors, burying her in their thrum."
PopMatters,60,"The album features more guest rappers than even her 2002 remix album, and the standout 'Acting Like That,' featuring the always reliable Iggy Azalea, is handily the hardest beat she's ever bought. Unfortunately, A.K.A. also includes a slew of midtempo ballads whose soaring hooks and slick production are wasted on Lopez's reedy voice."
The Guardian,50,"Much of A.K.A. is still mawkish, midtempo melodrama that does too much to accentuate J. Lo's tunelessness."
PopMatters,50,"There is one half of a solid album in A.K.A., Jennifer Lopezs first new release in three years."
Boston Globe,40,"A.K.A. finds J.Lo throwing anything she can at the wall to see what sticks."
AllMusic,40,"Beyond summer-anthem contender 'I Luh Ya Papi,' Lopez supplements flat production from names like RoccStar with forgettable verses from rappers like T.I."
Rolling Stone,40,"Anybody who heard 2011's Love? won't find much new here, forgettable EDM-by-numbers floor-fillers jostling with marginally more inspired ballads."
Entertainment Weekly,30,"A poor album due to poor production and song writing, poor sales and poor vocal delivery."
Q Magazine,25,"The songwriting is lazy ('I feel good,' she coos, ''cause I don't feel bad.' Logic!). The double entendres don't make sense (is 'Troubeaux' what they call trouble in Bordeaux?). And the guest stars, including Nas, Rick Ross, and Iggy Azalea, are so much more engaging than their hostess that Lopez sounds like she's been relegated to playing the hook girl on her own album."

NOW Magazine,80,"Careys back to adding her sparkly touch to summer-ready pop tunes."
Slant Magazine,80,"Contrary to its title, the new album may be Carey's least elusive work. Rarely has she made her talent more clear."
The Observer (UK),77,"The album sounds exactly, defiantly like Mariah, acknowledging her place in the pop ecosystem both implicitly and explicitly without chomping at the bit."
Exclaim,77,"The usual, more or less. Musically, its her typical mix of pop-classicist balladry and hip-hop-tinged summer jamming, and if Carey doesn't exactly go strutting into new territory, its because she knows most people like her right where she is."
Entertainment Weekly,75,"Working with longtime collaborator Jermaine Dupri, Carey front-loads the track list with midtempo R&B and soulful torch songs that spotlight her best asset: That Voice."
Billboard.com,70,"Carey unfortunately doesn't feel nostalgic for the succinctness of her early albums, but this shows that she's still capable of delivering 40 minutes of strong, supremely voiced R&B when she's up for it."
PopMatters,63,"This record really is enjoyably elusive."
The New York Times,60,"Shes just a comfortable [singer], and thats a good thing for her. She doesnt need to be, nor should she ever be elusive. This album proves that in spades."
AllMusic,60,"On Mariah Carey's 14th studio album, stylistic cohesion is as elusive as the chanteuse herself."
Los Angeles Times,60,"What is unfortunately not elusive on the album are a clutch of interchangeable slow-to-midtempo tunes long on pulsating atmosphere--several with distractingly fidgety rhythmic tracks--but short on melody or verve."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"Undisciplined R&B pastiches, however, the album has in spades, especially ones that hearken back to her own career.... With surprising internal logic, the album's two unabashedly uptempo ditties are also the forums for Mariah's most serious-minded performances."
cokemachineglow,60,"Admittedly, there's a good deal of clutter: not just 90s R&B throwbacks such as You're Mine (Eternal) and a gospelised cover of George Michael's One More Try, but an appearance by her three-year-old twins. Yet she's also at her most soulful and melodic, and the best of the bunch, such as the dreamy 70s disco of Meteorite, make this album a welcome return."
Pitchfork,50,"Even for all its collaborations, bringing in Mary J Blige and R Kelly, the desperate skirting around for identity leaves this album feeling underwhelming."
Record Collector,50,"Despite her Instagram and turnt-up references, the bounce brought to the album by of-the-moment hitmakers like MikeWiLLMadeIt and Hit-Boy and her undeniably personal subject matter, the record just doesnt have the same candid, bold edge that characterised Beyonces huge statement."
Under The Radar,42,"She needs great material and she needs star power. But this album doesnt have great songs, and the only thing thats changed shape more than an R&B hit in recent years is the definition of star power."

Classic Rock Magazine,100,"Quite frankly, its a towering edifice of electronic brilliance."
The Line of Best Fit,91,"Do It Again is foremost a marvel of mood and pacing. The trio doles out their riches with utmost care."
Austin Chronicle,90,"Ryksopp and Robyn have not only traversed new territory, they've made it their own."
The Guardian,85,"Ultimately, they bolster each other on Do It Again. For the two artists, its not groundbreaking--it is a nice dollop of sideways expansion, revealing new areas that neither can quite achieve separately."
Q Magazine,83,"Overall, Do It Again feels like an exploration for all involved, and even manages to address gender politics in discreet but intriguing ways."
PopMatters,80,"Like much of this mini album, Monument is not thumping music for the club; its the soundtrack for when you get home."
Blurt Magazine,80,"Do It Again is a much happier reunion of collaborators with perfectly matched strengths."
Mojo,80,"Inside the Idle Hour Club is the comedown: woozy, wavy, lush, long. Not exactly cohesive then, but hey--its a trip."
Uncut,80,"Ryksopp are on top form here, and when Robyn returns to her exuberant self on the title track, expressing mixed feelings about having insatiable appetites, the effect is electrifying."
AllMusic,80,"Its the middle songs that are most immediately enjoyable."
Drowned In Sound,77,"If Do It Again is the physical artifact of Robyn and Ryksopp's union, it's extravagant and left of center, but it's above all generous."
Exclaim,73,"For a record that trades heavily in production experiments foreign to both parties, Royksopp and Robyn by and large succeed at creating what they set out to--a monument."
Q Magazine,70,"Joyously addictive mutual self-destruction is what Do It Again is all about."
AllMusic,70,"Like The Girl And The Robot from Ryksopps 2009 Junior album, and it begins with a stunner--Monument, a winding and mystical 10-minute epic containing startlingly self-confident lyrics."
Clash Music,70,"Do It Again is eccentric and ends too quickly, but those considerations pale next to the fact that within less than half an hour, Robyn and Ryksopp go from eyeing each other with genuine suspicion to sounding as if theyve never been apart."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Do It Again isnt as downright amazing as it could have been, but there are far more pros than cons."
The A.V. Club,60,"The intention is to go for the cheese on Do It Again, but the impact is so much stronger when restraint is exercised."
Consequence of Sound,60,"For every moment of eye-rolling overindulgence, there is an equally stunning instance of ingenuity, but the album is so stylistically all over the place, it rarely solidifies as a cohesive statement."
No Ripcord,60,"Even without the ecstatic melodrama of Robyn's best work or the momentum of Ryksopp albums like 2009's Junior, this is a worthwhile peek into three great electro-pop minds."
PopMatters,50,"Theres nothing inherently bad, but the whole venture feels akin to buying a Lamborghini and then driving it in a way that will maximise fuel efficiency."
The Line of Best Fit,50,"We know what these artists can do separately. We've even had a glimpse of what they can do together, and when held up to that (and I'm not going to pretend it doesn't hurt me to say this) Do It Again just doesn't stand up."
American Songwriter,50,"Ryksopp and Robyn share so much sonic DNA that their team-up is almost self-defeating, blurring the distinction between the two to the point where their respective quirks are essentially scratched in favor of a cohesive but far too clinical production."

The Independent (UK),83,"Nothing here is as relentlessly hooky as 2012's 'Everybody Talks,' but its bubbly propulsion informs the cheeky 'I Love You (But I Hate Your Friends)' and swooning 'Teenager in Love.' That mix of energy and insight makes Psychology a 40-minute master class in the kind of pop that moves both the body and the brain."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"Even if Neon Trees sometimes try a little too hard to be serious on Pop Psychology, it's some of their most heartfelt music and some of their finest."
musicOMH.com,70,"A slick, synthed-up, unabashed party. [May 2014, p.92]"
The Telegraph (UK),60,"Pop Psychology opens with the biggest, shiniest songs he's come up with, each taking on a slippery aspect of post-modern romance."
The Guardian,50,"If [a band] goes back to the well once too often, it can be derided for stagnating. If it takes a left turn, fans may bemoan the change of pace. Neon Trees, the Utah band behind the unavoidable Animal and Everybody Talks, seem to have split the difference on their third effort."
Mojo,40,"While Glenn gamely belts out every song like it's a Broadway audition, his band's appeal remains some distance short of universal. [Aug 2014, p.111]"
Uncut,20,"It's the sort of record today's 15-year-olds are going to feel embarrassed about owning five or six years from now. [No. 108, p.56]"

Slant Magazine,100,"This welcome five-CD-plus-DVD expansion adds several non-LP singles; a new, nine-cut tribute set featuring contemporary fans from Miguel to Fall Out Boy (John Grant's sighing 'Sweet Painted Lady' is the highlight); a vintage documentary about the album's creation; and, best of all, an explosive London concert that demonstrates how hard John and his kickass band could rock between eloquent ballads."
Under The Radar,100,"A glittering glam-pop bounty of androgynous pop bots, dock prostitutes, Depression-era outlaws, cowboys and nun-baiting schoolgirls, GYBR remains a vital and versatile vision of brilliance that deserves to be heard."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"The larger-than-life Elton of the live stage gets a workout on 'Saturday Night's Alright For Fighting' and 'Benny And The Jets,' pounding rockers on the most impressively diverse collection in his catalogued. [Apr 2014, p.91]"
AllMusic,85,"The expansive tracklisting makes for a CD-era 70+ minute listening experience. You can appreciate the varied approach that John and Bernie Taupin brought to the studio with the balladry (Candle In The Wind, surprisingly not a US-charting song), the ballsy (Saturday Nights Alright For Fighting) and the busy (Funeral For A Friend (Love Lies Bleeding)) even if the results led to a less-than-cohesive album on the whole. As with many Elton John albums, there are hidden gems to be found."
Rolling Stone,83,"An insanely confident effort that, 40 years on, still surprises in its sensitivity. Sequins and all."
The Observer (UK),80,"Packed with motifs and allusions to cinema, its also a subtle commentary on the singers stratospheric rise to superstardom, lyricist Bernie Taupin retrospectively suggesting disillusionment was a recurring theme."
RapReviews.com,80,"It's a good album. [Apr 2014, p.122]"
Uncut,70,"Its a flawed album thats at times unbelievable, at times unbelievably bad but for those interested in investigating the moment Elton John became the legend he sought to be this is a thorough and generous offering."

Rolling Stone,88,"Get ready for a set of convincing, honest music, on which the Colombian star often unabashedly professes her love for boyfriend Gerard Pique."
AllMusic,80,"She sounds like she truly cares and poured her heart into her songs (and most of them are indeed co-written by her), with the overall result feeling satisfyingly emotional and incredibly fulfilling... something that couldn't be said as strongly about an album like She Wolf."
PopMatters,80,"There is the odd failure (23 is a saccharine ode to her husband, the footballer Gerard Piqu), but Shakira still traverses musical styles like few others."
Billboard.com,70,"Its a shame that she feels she has to bow to record company pressure, but that doesnt mean that there isnt plenty to enjoy on Shakira and the variation of styles means that the album is never boring."
Boston Globe,70,"She pins huge choruses and a mercurial vocal tone to music that's so effortlessly eccentric and omnivorous you'll hardly notice when a banjo (and Blake Shelton) enter on 'Medicine.'"
AllMusic,70,"The warbles and breaks in her voice that make her professions of love sound both innocent and obsessive, and the idiosyncrasies of her English lyrics: You looked at me with your blue eyes/And my agnosticism turned into dust. They keep her from getting entirely swallowed by the Anglo pop machine."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Shakira is a more middle-of-the-road affair, but its also more revealing."
Los Angeles Times,70,"[It] doesn't necessarily mean that every cut is cohesive but Shakira is the rare pop star who can pull an album together through sheer force of personality."
Rolling Stone,60,"The drawback of having such  a cross-cultural appeal as Shakira is that youre expected to try and satisfy its every demographic niche, a demand that weakens her first English-language album since 2009s She Wolf."
The Guardian,60,"After a four-year hiatus, Shakiras 10th album is full of raggae-tinged, bouncy melodies and absurd, occasionally quite poetic lyrics."
The Observer (UK),37,"Predictable and flavorless, these songs seem to realize a fear that unfairly gathered around Shakira in 2009 when her album 'She Wolf' led some critics to suspect that the Colombian-born star was attempting to Americanize her sound (or had been coerced into doing so by forces in the music industry)."

Slant Magazine,80,"An unadventurous set list reworks some of his most thoughtful and sombre songs with a selection of classic covers, all given a lush production gloss by the late Phil Ramone. What lifts it to a higher plane is Michaels smooth and expressive singing."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),60,"Symphonica certainly offers a heady, luxurious soire, proving genuinely moving in parts, but its also quite exhausting and yes, occasionally bewildering."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Michael is in good form but he's coasting, doing no more than he needs to, satisfying fans without surprising."
Fact Magazine (UK),60,"Symphonica is decidedly upmarket, but more picks in keeping with its ballsy take on the Newley & Bricusse standard Feeling Good wouldn't have hurt. [Apr 2014, p.90]"
Spin,60,"Competently organised and confidently delivered, its an engaging set, but ultimately, like all live albums, essentially a souvenir."
The Observer (UK),60,"A swank live set of classic makeout ballads."
AllMusic,60,"Symphonica feels supper-club safe. [Apr 2014, p.103]"
The Guardian,60,"To be fair, he can croon the stuffing out of the most well-worn covers (Brother Can You Spare a Dime is a searingly emotional trip through several octaves), but it's at the expense of spontaneity."
Los Angeles Times,60,"Mainly for completists, then, but they'll feel lavishly rewarded."
Pitchfork,50,"An ultra-gentrified karaoke set. [Apr 2014, p.77]"
PopMatters,40,"Theres no getting around the fact that his versions of Feeling Good or The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face pale compared to those of Nina Simone and Roberta Flack."

Consequence of Sound,80,"Blacc proves hes more than capable of stepping into the spotlight for his first major-label album which features 60s soul, folk, retro pop, RnB and even country."
DJ Booth,80,"Five tracks from the album were released as the Wake Me Up EP late in 2013, but on an album packed with possible alternative hits, the future is already his. [May 2014, p.107]"
The New York Times,80,"A major label debut filled with the sound of his smoky baritone voice, front and center."
Slant Magazine,80,"As great as the tune ['Wake Me Up'] may be, its Blaccs voice that hooks you. Its substantive, searching, and full of the depth modern soul men too often lack."
The A.V. Club,70,"It remains as easy on the ears as a worn pair of slippers on the feet."
Boston Globe,70,"Lift Your Spirit is rather formulaic from that standpoint--not as spicy or daring as past efforts--but it's folksy, soulful, and groovy enough to catch your attention."
Boston Globe,60,"The album doesnt have a lot of replay value, and the songwriting is hit-or-miss, but Aloe Blacc is able to tap into a market that isnt seeing a lot of action right now."
The New York Times,60,"It's less effective on the bland troubadour pop of Here Today and The Man, which samples Elton John's Your Song and is already a US Top 5 hit. [May 2014, p.92]"
Slant Magazine,60,"Aloe Blacc's major-label debut does what it promises: it lifts your spirit."
Rolling Stone,60,"Highlights like the boisterous 'Can You Do This' and an EDM-free mix of 'Wake Me Up' (just in case anyone forgot he's that guy) are plenty radio-friendly, but the songs never quite add up to a cohesive album."
AllMusic,60,"Throughout the album, Mr. Blacc sings with the kind of earthy vitality that many studied neo-soul singers dont have the voice to match. But too often, the production--most of it by DJ Khalil--is so thoroughly retro that Mr. Blacc only reminds a listener of whom hes emulating."
NOW Magazine,60,"If only its last few tracks were just as focused and compelling [as 'Wake Me Up']. Lift Your Spirit only suffers when it winds down, as it panders to Blaccs booming audience."
PopMatters,40,"Blacc's gravelly, expressive voice sounds terrific throughout, his trills and melodies indebted to Stevie Wonder and Bill Withers, but isn't enough to make the album sound particularly exciting."
Mixmag,40,"His leftfield takes on protest soul have been ditched in favour of pick'n'mix revivalism and banal inspirational platitudes. [May 2014, p.67]"
The Observer (UK),40,"Theres good songwriting in places, but with the artists idiosyncrasies effectively airbrushed out by a bloated production, the result is a dull, vapid collection of songs desperate to please."

Q Magazine,80,"[When Paloma] revert to classicism, she proves there's more than one way to skin the 'vintage' cat by adopting the persona of an exuberant disco diva, invoking the spirit of '70s glitter ball goddesses such as Teena Marie or Alicia Bridges. She wears it surprisingly well. [Apr 2014, p.108]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"Ultimately, it's Faith's irrepressible enthusiasm and unbridled vocal ability that shine the most on A Perfect Contradiction, and having musicians like Pharrell and Saadiq around just works to sweeten the deal."
AllMusic,60,"There is not really any filler on A Perfect Contradiction and it never manages to be boring (Paloma would never allow that). However, it does leave you wanting more and expecting more from Palomas next album."
Uncut,60,"She sounds a tad daft masquerading as a feisty Harlem mama on the Pharrell-produced I Can't rely On You, but her uber-gutsy delivery still charms. [Apr 2014, p.90]"
Under The Radar,60,"Faith's voice is all there, but her songwriting calls for added ingenuity."
DIY Magazine,60,"It does seem as if Palomas sacrificed some individuality for some of that bankable overwrought wailing."
The Line of Best Fit,60,"It may be nothing new but her punchy, uplifting set of pastiche Sixties and Seventies soul, rnb and disco is perfectly pitched with just an appealing hint of exaggeration."
Consequence of Sound,60,"Theres nothing here that has not been done before, and its almost too polished for its own good, but she sounds more at ease with her sound than ever before."
The Guardian,40,"Faith's vocals are too theatrically overdone to be moving, and the songs too generic to reach any level of grandeur."
musicOMH.com,40,"Its an album that provides a taste of something familiar, yet somehow flavourless."

Mojo,80,"All we can say for sure is that here is a talent in bloom, the sound of ideas finding shape, winding out in all directions."
The Independent (UK),80,"Highly engaging and tactfully succinct, Axxa / Abraxas is one to share with your friends and lovers, a soundtrack to your groovy summer."
Clash Music,70,"Asbury's first more widely-distributed works as Axxa/Abraxas sounds like a lost psych-rock gem from the late '60s. [Feb/Mar 2014, p.70]"
Drowned In Sound,70,"As with any meeting of pop and noise, Axxa/Abraxas can feel somewhat at odds with itself at times."
Pitchfork,67,"It's a charming album from an artist with an obsessive/compulsive love for writing shambolic, vaguely psych-infused rock songs but it doesnt, distinguish itself from any number of similar records from this sphere over the past few years."
Rolling Stone,65,"It's certainly an album that takes a little work to crack, and that work centres around Asbury's unique vocal performances."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"An accomplished debut but surely only the mere beginnings of a promising career."
Alternative Press,60,"There's enough here to suggest a breakthrough is coming, but Axxa/Abraxas isn't it."

AllMusic,80,"Here the melodies are a forum for a lovely, charismatic voice and some artful, memorable lyrics. [Mar 2014, p.119]"
The New York Times,80,"Neither a denial nor a rehash of Persson's past, Animal Heart is a welcome reflection of her changing life and art."
Rolling Stone,70,"Persson shows she is still a dab hand at melodic indie-pop, as she tackles floundering relationships, failing memories and new horizons. [Mar 2014, p.82]"
Mojo,70,"It provides evidence the Persson is capable of some breathtaking moments. And indeed there are a few such moments on Animal Heart, if not as many as might have been hoped for."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Overall, Animal Heart plays as a gentle wisp of an album: a warm summer breeze in early spring; enjoyed in the moment, yet largely forgotten after having passed."
The A.V. Club,60,"There is a sameness to the songs, but it doesn't work against the album as much as makes it a cohesive listen. [Feb/Mar 2014, p.75]"
Classic Rock Magazine,60,"Pleasant but risk adverse. [Mar 2014, p.88]"
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"The moments of intrigue are too fleeting and the encompassing feel of the LP lingers too long in flat territories, which is a shame, as theres potential for her solo work to be spectacular indeed."
No Ripcord,55,"Entire swaths of music are cut from Perssons cloth; she is a known quantity. For better or worse, this lets Persson get away with an album like Animal Heart, one that isnt much of a statement."
DIY Magazine,50,"Nina Persson may have dropped the guise of A Camp, but Animal Heart is too emotionally unengaging to leave you feeling like you know her any better for it and compared to Colonias more colourful palette it feels, if not quite beige, then at best a dull taupe."

New Musical Express (NME),80,"Salute is like a dip in a pool of Skittles: tacky, sugary and brilliantly indulgent."
AllMusic,70,"Ultimately, while Salute retains all of Little Mix's infectious, teen-friendly ingredients, it reveals a new recipe for fans whose palates have matured right along with the band."
Sputnikmusic,70,"Salute is an undeniably solid album, and has a lot more going for it than similar efforts from many of Little Mixs pop peers this year."
Austin Chronicle,60,"With the exception of Little Me, a refettling of Destiny's Child's Survivor, what falls in between is polished enough 21st-century R&B by the numbers, but rather less entertaining."
Paste Magazine,37,"Here they sag under the weight of too many wind-swept piano ballads and booming productions seemingly modeled on Katy Perry's 'Roar.'"

Kerrang!,80,"These 11 pieces are grand and ambitious."
Q Magazine,75,"Wanderlust has more hits than misses, and clearly places Sophie Ellis-Bextor as a versatile artist that can successfully step outside her musical comfort zone with ease."
The Independent (UK),70,"Ultimately, Wanderlust is a beautiful thing to behold: a collection of quirky, lovingly crafted songs brought to life by an artist who sounds like she has found herself."
The Fly (UK),70,"Wanderlust is at its best when it's slightly dexterous (as on the girl group homage 'Runaway Daydreamer') and it can get bogged down in pretension (as on the ceaseless pomp of 'Love Is a Camera'), but it's always exquisitely sculpted and better for its attention to detail."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),70,"Through all its globe-trotting nuances and outlandish statements of grandeur, its a striking pop record."
The Line of Best Fit,70,"Frivolous but elegant. [Feb 2014, p.75]"
The Quietus,60,"Wanderlust sees the singer execute an elegant slide into a more stately kind of pop. [Feb 2014, p.88]"
Fact Magazine (UK),60,"It is quirkily appealing without quite being convincing. Lacking an emotional centre, its not really deep and dark enough to posit Ellis-Bextor as a sensitive singer-songwriter."
Rolling Stone,60,"This set of minor-chord melancholia often sounds like the product of another artist entirely."
Spin,50,"Sophie Ellis-Bextor has just abandoned her electropop comfort blanket for a smothering duvet of clichs and ineffectual romanticism."
The New York Times,40,"The tremulous piano ballad Young Blood is far from the dance fodder singles of Ellis-Bextors past, while the sombre tone of tracks like Until the Stars Collide suggests that shes re-positioning herself in the prim Nordic-diva territory of Agnes Obel and Ane Brun. A good move."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),40,"Producer Ed Harcourt has met her mannered delivery and plummy English vowels with string-soaked arrangements but they're more saccharine than stirring."

Consequence of Sound,60,"There is a lot of content geared towards the party, bullshit and get money topics that are present in rap culture. However, the production (which is mostly done by Bobby Ray) evokes a deeper appreciation for his music as a whole."
The Guardian,60,"Cobble out the stellar EP inside or consider it a pre-mall mixtape because the puzzling Underground Luxury mixes mack daddy music with mall rat tracks, even if B.o.B's conviction throughout suggests he sees them as equals."
Alternative Press,50,"The rapper/musician born Bobby Ray Simmons Jr. tries to recapture the pop success of his debut with smartly conceived hooky songs while also churning out overly familiar trap-informed grooves."
musicOMH.com,50,"Tracks with Future and 2 Chainz highlight his limitations on the mic, and without the Dr. Luke-assisted buoyancy of 2012's Strange Clouds, the album falls flat--moments of well-meaning ambition not withstanding."
NOW Magazine,40,"His subpar wordplay is easily out-rapped and out-sung by guests like Future and 2 Chainz."
Sputnikmusic,40,"Its hard to blame B.o.B. for wanting to acclimate himself to a different scene. But the startling lack of creativity he exercises in doing so makes Underground Luxury easy to write off, and the duality that once powered crossover appeal is now hard to detect."

Billboard.com,85,"Midnight Memories, the third full-length from the 'X Factor'-formed quintet, follows up on what worked best on last year's 'Take Me Home,' and tosses in some proficient new ideas to keep listeners eager for the band's continued evolution."
Los Angeles Times,80,"When the album ends and the various styles, songs, and moods are added up, Midnight Memories ends up as another satisfying album that does everything a One D album should do and then some."
Chicago Tribune,80,"It is all so swaggeringly confident and honed to a perfect point, it is hard not to be caught up in its own sense of conviction."
Pitchfork,67,"As a whole, Midnight Memories isnt a genre game-changer. But in terms of the One Direction catalog, this record is exactly the right move: Theres enough personality, charm, and dramatic solos to satisfy fans, and enough incremental moves toward artistic credibility to at least give the band a chance at an enduring career."
Punknews.org (Staff),67,"Bizarrely, for an album by guys born in the early '90s, it's '80s hard rock that Midnight celebrates."
Revolver,63,"Here there are spirited, pitch-perfect replicas of the Who's power-chord bombast ('Best Song Ever'), Van Halen's louche boogie ('Little Black Dress') and Def Leppard's stadium-sized glam ('Midnight Memories')."
PopMatters,60,"Ultimately, the vast bulk of Midnight Memories remains emotionally charged rather than carnally inclined, with not a soupon of R&B anywhere and love songs galore."
Drowned In Sound,60,"The tracks may recall 'Pour Some Sugar on Me,' but their lyrics are still all 'I'm not scared of love/'Cause when I'm not with you I'm weaker,' so essentially the album's potentially nastiest tracks come off as a glorified Halloween costume act. More believable are the moments when they lay off the hard sell."
Uncut,60,"As long as Midnight Memories offers chorus after chorus of Gary Glitter-style fodderstompf, it sounds like the best boy-band album since No Strings Attached."
Clash Music,50,"They joyfully plunder rock riffs and hip-hop beats, but a logjam of lousy ballads suggests Bryan Adams embodies their ideal of maturity."
Under The Radar,50,"The wildly popular quintets third studio album, is buffered to a flawless shine, but along the way theyve bleached the music of nuance and texture."
Record Collector,40,"Midnight Memories takes the slight progression of Take Me Home and demolishes it."
Rock Sound,40,"Midnight Memories finds One Direction fumbling the transition with clumsy attempts to adopt ill-fitting rock livery."
The Observer (UK),30,"With a couple of exceptions, this is a dimly written album."
Pretty Much Amazing,20,"If maturing means 14 (regular edition) tracks of footy-stadium-worthy anthemic choruses ad nauseam, I dont want 1-D to grow up."

Magnet,60,"Of seven swing covers and duets, only the high camp title track with Rufus Wainwright sparkles. [Dec 2013, p.92]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"It's the original tracks that bring a new life to the form, while the standards--routine duets of 'I Wanna Be Like You' and 'Dream a Little Dream' with Olly Murs and Lily Allen, and a bland 'Puttin' on the Ritz'-- sound like filler."
NOW Magazine,60,"Those who endured Williamss recent X Factor performance need not fear: this brassy sequel to 2001s big-band LP Swing When Youre Winning, is actually rather listenable."
Sputnikmusic,60,"Its not an unqualified success, but its a guaranteed seller over Christmas. And, as one of this countrys more entertaining pop stars, its nice to have him back."
Spin,60,"Some of the covers are too well-worn (Minnie the Moocher and Puttin' On the Ritz), but Snowblind's admission of vulnerability is rather moving."
DJ Booth,40,"There's an innate problem in the way Swings Both Ways swings--like a pendulum, flipping and flopping between 2013 and 1953, a problem that the orchestra can't resolve."
Consequence of Sound,40,"Williams is at his best when hes being weird, so cheeky title track Swings Both Ways, which finds him examining his fluid sexuality with Rufus Wainwright, is good. But any fresh moments are balanced by too many unlistenable ones."

Rolling Stone,84,"Coherently channeling R&B, techno, disco and rock music as a pop artist while discussing sex, drugs, lust, God, fame and creativity, Lady Gaga has offered fans her most sonically and lyrically diverse album to date."
Slant Magazine,83,"Lady Gagas utter lack of self-restraint sets ARTPOP apart from her earlier work (ruminate on that for a moment)."
Fact Magazine (UK),80,"ARTPOP is a dynamic, memorable album that, while it fails to unveil the girl behind the aura, reveals a performer who finally sounds as invested in her art as she is in her image."
HipHopDX,80,"She doesnt do anything wildly original with them [musical genres], but she has fun."
Pitchfork,75,"As pop, the album is a well-executed and entertaining tour of Gaga's tried-and-true tricks. But as art, it falls short when it comes to one basic function: making an impression."
No Ripcord,70,"When Gaga drops the performance shtick on ARTPOP, the album really finds its footing. It throbs with joy and sex and freedom, none of which Gaga has truly embodied since her debut."
PopMatters,70,"The concept is artful and logical, yet ARTPOP never insinuates or settles in the subconscious; it always assaults, determined to make an impression even when all it has to say is that it doesn't have much to say."
Paste Magazine,70,"It's Artpop's most naked, straightforward pop moments that are the album's most redemptive."
Boston Globe,63,"There are other duds, including the clunky arena-rock goof Manicure and Donatella, an excruciatingly lame homage to her friend Donatella Versace.... But Lady Gaga approaches other fresh modes with more spirit, particularly in a handful of songs that pull deeply from R&B"
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"The melodies here are fine, they do a job, but nothing backs up Gag's Warholian rhetoric or scales the barmy heights of Bad Romance.  [Jan 2014, p.116]"
The Guardian,60,"While its stronger than the messy Born This Way, Artpop feels little more culture-quaking than a good collection of fun, silly, well-crafted pop songs."
AllMusic,60,"Her latest offering, however, lacks the key component that made the bizarre spectacles that accompanied her other albums slightly less irritating--consistently good pop songs."
CMJ,60,"Not a great pop album, then, but certainly the product of a great pop star."
Consequence of Sound,60,"For better and for worse, Artpop meets the mandate (of cranking up the cray). It's a bizarre album of squelchy disco (plus a handful of forays into R&B) that aspires to link gallery culture and radio heaven, preferring concepts to choruses."
Mojo,60,"For all of Lady Gagas talking points, the fusion of art and pop has resulted in a lot of familiar dance-pop--more artful for its campiness than its musical innovation."
American Songwriter,60,"ARTPOP wants to hide that it doesnt have much to say."
Rolling Stone,60,"She remains singularly compelling and lovable as a celebrity, even if her records don't always match up to her outsized persona. Even at their worst, they only prove that the art is sometimes unworthy of the artist."
Uncut,60,"Throwaways (Jewels n Drugs) and power-ballad (DOPE) digressions weigh heavy on the pacing, but the arch Mary Jane Holland and Swine occupy livelier turf."
AllMusic,60,"It's no instant classic, then, but neither is it the calamity that some have foreseen, being a typically mixed Gaga outing with some ludicrous highs, questionable digressions (Jewels 'N' Drugs, in which three rappers add little to the mix; or Donatella, a charmless ode to the equally charmless Versace supremo) and plenty of not-unpleasant filler."
PopMatters,60,"It's a decent, if flawed, pop album, its good bits good enough to keep her filling stadiums as big as the gulf between her ideas and her music."
AllMusic,60,"Musically, it's pretty much the standard modern electro fare familiar from dozens of contemporaries, from Kylie to Britney. The dubstep riffs are more tortured in places, but when David Guetta and will.i.am are involved in a track's production--as with the bullishly shallow 'Fashion!'--you're not straying from the mainstream."
Mojo,50,"This is two albums in a row now that were basically a bit boring, and she needs to sort it out soonish please."
musicOMH.com,50,"For all that firepower, the music is catchy but tame--she's cozying up to chart-topping formulas rather than disrupting them."
The Independent (UK),50,"ARTPOP is a decidedly patchy Just Dance-less disappointment."
The New York Times,50,"That refusal to experiment as wildly as she once did reads as fear, and a pop star whos afraid ends up sounding like the once-weird Lady Gaga does on ARTPOP: boring and normal."
Billboard.com,50,"Artpop is the third album by pop recording artist Lady Gaga. Therefore it has similarities to her previous work but is inherently different because it is a different album."
Rolling Stone,50,"There are moments where she reminds us that she can still do wonderful things, but for the most part, Artpop shows us an artist who is trying to do too much all at once."
AllMusic,42,"For as flamboyant as she is, Gagas never lacked sincerity; ARTPOPs lack of substantial personal connection and its tenuous grasp on reality makes it a tough record to like."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"With Artpop, Gaga sounds confused, disengaged, and at its worst, just downright bored."
Boston Globe,40,"Throughout ARTPOP signifier upon signifier is piled on top of sometimes brilliant melodies, creating enough room for breathless readings of Gagas art certainly, but failing on the more basic level as engaging pop music."

The Independent on Sunday (UK),94,"September has been a profoundly great month for new female vocalists in popular music, but Lorde is easily the most vocally striking and lyrically thought-provoking. Pure Heroine is honest and addictive."
PopMatters,91,"10 songs here, and not one loser in the bunch. [11 Oct 2013, p.72]"
Mojo,90,"Its the music here, not the sharp-toothed lyricism, which sets the record so far apart from the rest of the field."
AllMusic,90,"While shell have to work even harder to find an angle for record number two her debut delivers everything you could have hoped for from a pop star in 2013."
Q Magazine,90,"This is written by someone whos a kid right now, about what it is to be young right now. Consequently, this isnt a you and I album. Its a we, us and them album."
musicOMH.com,83,"Pure Heroine makes the strongest possible statement that she belongs."
The Telegraph (UK),82,"Its that vital connection between Lordes present-day ruminations and the uncanny way her music hits on such a fundamental level with all that dirty, romanticized nostalgia that makes Pure Heroine such a success beyond 'Royals'' ostensible aim of looking down its nose at the Miley Cyruses and Taylor Swifts of the world."
Uncut,82,"At 37:17, Pure Heroine doesnt take long to take down modern values."
The Observer (UK),80,"It isn't perfect but it adds up to an intimidatingly assured opening shot from a major new talent. [Dec 2013, p.108]"
AllMusic,80,"Royals, her multi-platinum single, packs more finger-clicking disenchantment into three minutes than Lana del Rey managed in an entire album."
American Songwriter,80,"This is a remarkable debut that fairly sizzles with confidence and attitude."
Rolling Stone,80,"Effortlessly mixing pop aspects with electronic undertones, hip-hop influence and the occasional R&B nod, she has taken everything that's wrong with today's chart toppers and turned it on its head--producing a record packed full of inspirational, intelligent monologues. It isn't half catchy either."
Paste Magazine,80,"Its all very here and now."
PopMatters,80,"Pure Heroine feels surprisingly real and fully formed, punching through sparse, cushily booming post-hip-hop tracks with vividly searching lyrics about growing up too fast that can seem at once arrogant and pensive."
Consequence of Sound,80,"This is the rare debut thats smart and disarming and instantly catchy."
Pitchfork,80,"With lyrics steeped in critical thought and slathered with confidently modulated vocals, Lorde is the antithesis of pop schlock, making Pure Heroine a project well deserving of the commercial attention it's been receiving."
Slant Magazine,80,"The nihilist pop of Pure Heroine makes a strong case for the less-is-more maxim. What's left is a remarkably unpretentious and almost raw set of vignettes mostly powered by Lorde's modest, affectation-free performances."
The New York Times,80,"Lordes clearly a gifted songwriter for her age, but dont let the novelty affect your perception of Pure Heroine. Its a very grown-up album despite its teenage topics, and if you give a damn about good pop songs, then you owe it a listen."
Boston Globe,75,"While its no masterpiece, Pure Heroine is unique and engaging enough to keep the conversation going."
Rolling Stone,73,"These tracks all feel like they were written by a very precocious teenager, and thats a big part of their charm."
The Independent (UK),70,"Whilst Lordes world creates its own incredibly distinctive atmosphere, it feels accessible and open to maturing."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Nitpicking aside, Pure Heroine remains a lush, engaging experience."
PopMatters,60,"Every track here follows the same pattern over identical lackadaisical rhythms, her vocals never rising beyond a low-slung murmur with most of the lyrics drawing the same conclusion: shes bored."
The Guardian,60,"Precocious, certainly, exhilarating, at times, Lordes debut album is almost but not quite as good as it thinks it is."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),60,"It's not only Joel Little's minimalist production, all clicks, bass and empty space. The restraint lies also in Ella Yelich-O'Connor's treatment of orthodox pop themes."
The Observer (UK),60,"It's impressive, slick alienation for the Y Generation, but as with Del Rey, it's a one-trick-pony sort of act."
AllMusic,60,"If nothing else, the music is aggressively okay (there's coiled-spring potential in the crackling, anxious 'White Teeth Teens'). But its overall unspecialness undercuts Pure Heroine's devotion to playing both sides of Lorde's 'only 16' coin."
RapReviews.com,60,"Pure Heroine seems to hint at the truth... but the truth is, Lorde is a pop invention as much as LDR and is not nearly as honest about her intentions."

Slant Magazine,91,"Its a refreshingly fun album with no pretenses, just plenty of sing-along hooks and dancefloor jams."
No Ripcord,85,"Its uplifting, motivating and unashamedly simple (which, frankly, is its major charm)."
No Ripcord,80,"It plays like a sweet-toothed sparring session, one punch after the next of joyful high-pitched barking."
The Line of Best Fit,80,"This Is...Icona Pop is a consistently fun album, and it would be even without their big single."
Pitchfork,79,"This Is... Icona Pop, like Carly Rae Jepsen's 'Kiss,' may someday be viewed as a full-length that included one pop masterpiece, but that underscores the delectability of the treats Icona Pop has sprinkled around that triumph."
Tiny Mix Tapes,75,"The first seven songs play out like a 20-minute power hour, but the album loses a bit of steam after that."
CMJ,75,"This is... succeeds where most modern pop records fail: it's nurturing, exciting, and very intelligent debut. [Aug-Sep 2013, p.91]"
AllMusic,70,"Its unashamedly fantastic, uplifting and most of all its a real joy to listen to."
The Guardian,70,"This Is Icona Pop is a worthwhile listen because it doesnt dumb down. Its not trying to enlighten, either."
Under The Radar,70,"While most of the concerns expressed in This Is... seem wafer-thin, the innovative production and diamond-hard songcraft suggest something else entirely. Icona Pop has few equals in the current landscape when it comes to immaculately crafted radio-dance music."
Spin,70,"The pair instill joy and charm (and an occasional telltale Swedish accent) in head-hammering up-in-theclub chants about eternal weekends and heedless vitality."
PopMatters,70,"Even when they're shouting, they do so in a particularly musical and distinctive way, and although their smash is one of five This Is songs the duo had no hand in writing, they nevertheless suggest a consistent sense of authorship through the intensity of their shared ecstasies and frustrations."
Fact Magazine (UK),67,"This Is Icona Pop is not revolutionary, original, or inventive.... What This Is Icona Pop, and Icona Pop as an artistic duo, possess that few others can lay claim to, is a firm grasp on the musical zeitgeist."
Rolling Stone,66,"Two songs from the EP made the cut for the album (Ready For the Weekend and, predictably, I Love It) and though the latter--a Charli XCX co-written club banger--still stands out high above the rest of the albums tracks, the songs that comprise This Is...Icona Pop are even larger and louder than their predecessors."
DIY Magazine,60,"It's more than good, but it could have been great."
Pretty Much Amazing,60,"It has ten passable tracks and one certified super-smash that will either get listeners gleefully singing-along or reaching for the skip button. You decide."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"In the end, you love this album. Of course you do. But not as much as you could have, and when you have this much potential and youthful energy on your hands, that sin is almost unforgivable."
Consequence of Sound,50,"Good moments include the drama-packed Just Another Night and the fun pop of On A Roll, but neither resembles the formulaic trash cluttering the rest of the record."
musicOMH.com,50,"Basically, you can listen to all 11 tracks of This Is... Icona Pop and have a reasonable time, or you can put I Love It on repeat, forever, and have the time of your life."
Slant Magazine,50,"What starts out as jubilant becomes four-on-the-floor purgatory. [4 Oct 2013, p.64]"
Entertainment Weekly,40,"This Is... Icona Pop does contain some enjoyable moments, but it's a hollow victory. [Nov 2013, p.117]"
AllMusic,40,"Its not a terrible album. Its not a spectacular train wreck. It is, in fact, so remarkably unremarkable that neither a glowing nor incinerating score feel deserved."

PopMatters,80,"A stylistic serpentine of an album, it wiggles insouciantly from sugar-rush synthetic pop to harp-caressed ballad. [Dec 2013, p.88]"
musicOMH.com,80,"A consistently impressive record. [Dec 2013, p.111]"
The Guardian,80,"There are enough distinctive observations and neat turns of phrase to mark Oh Land as a peculiar part of the corps de pop."
The Observer (UK),70,"Oh Land's schizophrenic blend of girly club beats, icy electro-pop, and wistful balladry falls somewhere between Grimes, Lykke Li, Goldfrapp, and Robyn, and while it doesn't always work, it never stops working hard to get there."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Shes as frustratingly twee as a hailstorm of cupcakes. Her second albums adventures into electronica on the squelchy, sulky Kill My Darling and the unsettling Next Summer are more remarkable."
Sputnikmusic,60,"Fabricius presides over a judicious mix of Urban Outfitters indie, finger-picked folk and offbeat electro that demonstrate her range and leaves the listener drowning in honey. [Nov 2013, p.76]"
The New York Times,60,"Fabricius is clearly talented, but Wish Bone probably wont be the album to deliver the breakthrough she deserves."
AllMusic,50,"She's a prop to this glittering material, only nominally more prominent than the music that backs her, and that lack of a defining voice is a major problem for an album that floats by like a pleasant dream."

musicOMH.com,60,"Derulo's clubby hooks are infernally catchy, and he adds a touch of freshness with buoyant forays into rock and salsa."
Rolling Stone,60,"All said and done, Tattoos is a pleasant album with some bright moments as well as some average ones."
Q Magazine,40,"Perhaps Derulo has grown as a person since his previous album, but it's hard to call this one a step forward."
The Independent (UK),20,"Ultimately, its a failure of imagination--reflecting either a deficiency of talent and/or invention on Derulos part or his complete contempt for the listener."

AllMusic,60,"It's by no means a bad record, although the ballads are best avoided."
Austin Chronicle,60,"For most of the album, however, Jessie J shows how wide her range is."
PopMatters,60,"Jessie Js latest pop-tacular, slightly uneven effort, Alive, sheds the Katy Perry rainbow for a much rougher, more interesting shade of Pink--both the artist and the color."
Mojo,40,"As it stands, Alive is too easy to ignore."

BBC Music,80,"John Legend captures the intimacy of the R&B genre without sacrificing the core music, which keeps it interesting for everyone."
Uncut,80,"All of Legends strengths are present: keen melodies, smooth vocal understatement, and artful arrangements."
Blurt Magazine,80,"Love in the Future is among Legend's best work, made for couples who are into one another for the long term while feeling a little daring and crazy."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"On Legend's fourth LP, executive producer Kanye West helps give him a plush, nuanced palette to match his signature emotional generosity and strong sensuality."
AllMusic,67,"Legend too often resorts to theater-kid oversinging. [6 Sep 2013, p.75]"
BBC Music,60,"It's a hit-and-miss affair. [Oct 2013, p.105]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"[The album] is not in the same league as his magnificent 2004 debut, Get Lifted. But Love In The Future, boasting production and writing credits by Kanye West, still has plenty of beautiful moments."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"At 16 tracks, the album moves surprisingly fast, with few songs outstaying their welcome, but it ultimately fails to successfully push Legend into the future."
Rolling Stone,60,"If ever the record's appeal wanes due to the generic feel of the backings and melodies, it is given a lift by Legend's fine piano playing or little production tweaks."
NOW Magazine,50,"Legend is content to adopt a croonerific sound that doesn't challenge existing soul genre parameters in the least. That's fine, in theory, but rather yawn-worthy in execution."

Q Magazine,91,"One of the most purely enjoyable albums of the year, powered by her lithe, Broadway-honed voice and a canny exploitation of her most 'adult' indulgence: nostalgia."
The Guardian,86,"Ariana Grande's debut LP is a surprisingly varied affair for a 20-year-old Nickelodeon star with a devastatingly strong voice."
The Independent (UK),80,"Minor missteps aside, Yours Truly is ultimately an impressive debut for Grande."
The Observer (UK),80,"[A] surprisingly strong album."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Thankfully, Grande has the chops to pull it off, and Yours Truly makes the most of her talent."
Spin,75,"This might be the most inviting pop record of 2013, with a bubbly ebullience that makes even its most familiar moves feel fresh."
PopMatters,70,"Yours Truly is more tempered and less likely to put you in a beaming state of catatonia."
Rolling Stone,70,"A relatively safe debut where much of the takeaway is the salivating at Grandes potential."
Billboard.com,65,"Yours Truly is a very safe record. Mostly written by two of R&B's most mawkish hawkers, Babyface and Harmony Samuels, its built on clich and tradition, and written professionally to a fault."

Boston Globe,100,"The set ends with a trio of songs from a 1964 BBC session; the sound quality may be poor but those voices shine through, utterly peerless nearly 50 years on."
Paste Magazine,90,"Made In California does the band and its legacy well. [Aug/Sep 2013, p.103]"
BBC Music,90,"The most thrilling of everything here is a newly discovered BC radio recording from 1964 that fizzes with the thrill of making music and being alive. [Oct 2013, p.92]"
The Guardian,90,"Made In California does a great job of confirming just how much more there was to The Beach Boys than sunshine and girls."
NOW Magazine,89,"Made In California's hefty price tag won't endear it to serious fans, but it's the first release to encompass the Beach Boys' entire inspiring, frustrating, contradiction-laden tale."
Slant Magazine,80,"Twenty years after the Beach Boys' exhaustive five-CD Good Vibrations box set comes this even more stunningly packaged collection."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"This is an epic musical journey. [Nov 2013, p.120]"
The Observer (UK),80,"Its concise and endlessly intriguing (even when the music itself is lacking)."
The Independent (UK),80,"Despite the duplications from previous collections and a heavy emphasis on dubious alternate mixes, true devotees will likely still find Made in California an essential acquisition."
The A.V. Club,80,"It'll be a bit much for the casual fan with no need for all those stereo/mono variations, but they do have at least a couple dozen other best-ofs to choose from. [Oct 2013, p.102]"
AllMusic,80,"Some of their most startling material has always been found down the back of the sofa, among such relatively unconsidered trifles as 'In The Back Of My Mind' and 'Angel Come Home.' [Oct 2013, p.82]"
Los Angeles Times,80,"Made in California is most decidedly not for the casual fan. It is for the dedicated, the kind who knows the story by heart but wants to hear it told slightly differently."
Billboard.com,80,"This collection provides years of Beach Boys fun and suitably celebrates their 50 years."
AllMusic,70,"By toeing the party line--one that many critics and fans have completely rejected--Made in California paints a false picture of one of rock's most enduring and puzzling acts."

Drowned In Sound,80,"Where You Stand finds the quartet catching up with themselves and displaying real depth and maturity. [Sep 2013, p.108]"
The A.V. Club,80,"This stretch of songs is the liveliest collection Travis has cut since the '90s, and it's heartening to hear them reconnect with some of the wilder aspects that informed their earliest records."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"New fans will not be won, but the initiated will be delighted."
Boston Globe,80,"The worst thing you can say about anything on this record is that theyre solidly crafted, faultless songs."
PopMatters,75,"In the end, Where You Stand is both a compelling reintroduction to those who grew up (but may have lost touch) with Travis and comfort food for longtime fans."
Rolling Stone,70,"Where You Stand reflects a band at peace, but its peace achieved through having successfully endured its share of bumps in the road."
The New York Times,70,"Interestingly enough, Where You Stand may be the first Travis record that snugs comfortably into an adult contemporary format."
Spin,70,"So while the various Easter eggs that Michael Ilbert and Travis apply to their sound are not necessarily new things to the pop world at large, they are new to Travis."
BBC Music,70,"Where You Stand picks up where you last left them--no matter where that was along the way."
Mojo,70,"Where You Stand is a welcome, beautifully crafted and timeless return."
Q Magazine,70,"'Moving' apes the shameless anthemic yearning of Coldplay, and 'A Different Room' has the windy bluster of U2. But it's the tiredness of the songwriting that cripples Where You Stand."
Slant Magazine,60,"The small print is that Travis are still doing what Travis have always done."
NOW Magazine,60,"On the whole, its business as usual; a collection of brilliantly composed melodies that just lack the gravitas to lift them higher."
The Observer (UK),60,"It's nice. A bit boring. The melodies are likeably predictable, warm and gentle."
The Guardian,60,"While nothing sounds destined for the ubiquity that once allowed them to stage a famous Top of the Pops food fight for 2001's Sing, the fanbase will be overjoyed to have them back."
Q Magazine,60,"Not everything is quite so Travis by-the-numbers--and with mixed results. [Sep 2013, p.88]"
The Observer (UK),60,"Nowadays they're of more select appeal, and Where You Stand suggests they're actually quite comfortable with that. [Sep 2013, p.95]"
The Independent (UK),60,"Though Where You Stand, their first album in five years, doesn't scale quite the same heights [as 1999's The Man Who]', there's real beauty in it too."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),30,"Not quite dull enough to be entirely forgettable, Where You Stand plays it safe with middle-of-the-road everything."

AllMusic,91,"Neon feels confident and complete. [9 Aug 2013, p.75]"
musicOMH.com,60,"As someone whose success has come mostly as a singles artist, Jay Sean fails to deliver anything quite as charismatic as any of his greatest hits on Neon, leaving the album feeling largely flat."
AllMusic,40,"Jay Sean works his fluttery falsetto alongside Rick Ross on 'Mars' and finds a serviceably sexy jam with 'All on Your Body,' which features Ace Hood, but even at its best, Neon barely flickers."
BBC Music,40,"Neon is a smooth, proficient pop product that steers clear of conflict or strong emotions unless they have to do with matters of the heart."

Entertainment Weekly,75,"The 40 or so minutes of 'All People' are what I imagine taking a shower in a waterfall on a hot summer day would be like--nd if you're too far removed from nature to do that then it's like putting on your swim trunks and running around an open fire hydrant."
The Observer (UK),70,"Michael Franti has fashioned an inclusive pan-global pop, heard here at its most confident and fully formed. [Jul 2014, p.73]"
The Independent (UK),70,"Well-crafted, unfailingly likable, the music hints at his activist-sage roots."
BBC Music,70,"All People is about feeling good and hopeful. Split this collection of peace and sunshine down the middle for greatest effect."
AllMusic,70,"Listen to the whole album, though, and the complexity of life comes shining through."

Drowned In Sound,78,"What's left, then, is a collection of 11 shinily produced pop songs that find Gomez trying on a series of different personalities with her slight-yet-capable vocals."
Pitchfork,70,"The whirring Stars Dance is a confident but not aggressively blatant move to a more grown-up pop playing field."
Billboard.com,70,"Thanks to the strong songs, Selena's reliably strong vocals, and the variety of sounds, it adds up to be another fine entry in her catalog and just another example of why Selena Gomez is one of the best pop stars making music in 2013."
Entertainment Weekly,67,"Stars Dance feels like a studiously anonymous bag of one-size-fits-all pop attitudes. [26 Jul 2013, p.67]"
Spin,63,"Stars Dance is exactly the kind of album one makes in 2013 if you want to keep the pop sugar of the Disney tween cabal but mix in some broken glass and a club bathroom nosebleed."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Though she nods at Rihanna-style slither and Britney-esque grind, this is the sound of Gomez gliding gracefully into adulthood."
The New York Times,60,"From the electro-punk opener Birthday onward, she's competent and entirely impersonal. But that's no impediment to enjoying the record, which darts efficiently from EDM to Bollywood to--Beliebers, look away now--sappiness inspired by her on-off boyfriend, Justin Bieber."
Rolling Stone,40,"Other than the sultry Stars Dance, much of this sounds like songs Rihanna rejected."
AllMusic,20,"It boasts a harsher, edgier sound than that of her previous efforts; on every other front, it's a lazy, bloated, and occasionally offensive album that lacks any remnant of personality or creativity."
Chicago Tribune,20,"It's a pop record, which means one killer track would redeem everything. Predictably enough, it never comes."

Fact Magazine (UK),80,"Ciara is the singers most realized full-length to date and one of this years most thrilling pop moments."
HipHopDX,80,"[Ciara sounds] blissfully triumphant and uncomplicated on a record from start to finish."
The Observer (UK),80,"This one is way, way, way better [than her last album], not least thanks to a quaint little ditty called 'Body Party.'"
DJ Booth,80,"However good the other tracks are here, it's her indomitable track with Nicki Minaj, I'm Out, that powers this album."
BBC Music,80,"The result isn't a muddled mess but another lean and focused set, despite the involvement of several writers and producers."
Boston Globe,80,"Ciara has quietly built up a formidable discography, and this eponymous set maintains the high quality."
Slant Magazine,75,"Content? Sure. Complacent? Not yet."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),73,"Ciara feels slightly (though only slightly) weaker when she swims against the current of her own charm and tries for raw."
The Guardian,70,"This is a pretty good album for fans of dance-pop or contemporary R&B."
The Telegraph (UK),70,"Other than ['Where You Go'], Ciara is a crisp, clean album that doesnt waste much motion."
The A.V. Club,70,"Though at times she panders to the club a bit much, and doesnt provide quite the depth that is expected of a self-titled album and an artist on her fifth go around, Ciara is filled with a fun batch of songs."
Los Angeles Times,60,"Her fifth, is one of the most convincing R&B albums of the year, even if it does a very thin job of being convincing about Ciara herself."
Pitchfork,60,"As a collection of potential singles from an artist who should have more #1's, it's a modest, calculated effort."
NOW Magazine,58,"Though Ciara is a perfectly competent album, its the least interesting one she could have made given the winning hand she was dealt, and as she should know by now, winning hands only come around so often."
Consequence of Sound,50,"Since her 2004 smash, Goodies, Ciara has had trouble finding the right commercial song and it appears shes still searching."

Drowned In Sound,70,"Befitting someone who has worked with artists as varied as Dre, Duncan Sheik, and Linkin Park offshoot Fort Minor, Dont Look Down suits varied moods."
musicOMH.com,70,"For Ms. Grey, angst, melody and a hip-hop backbone are a promising combination."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"At heart, Don't Look Down is a vaguely hip-hop-inflected homage to '90s pop, not so much uninteresting as underwhelming and repetitive in its orchestration."
Billboard.com,50,"Even a goofy Eminem cameo (the 'Allen Iverson of safe sex') can't save 'C'mon Let Me Ride' from sounding like an over-the-top hookup plea, and 'Final Warning,' a domestic-violence drama, feels vaguely like tabloid fodder."
Boston Globe,50,"Try as she may to distract with her strut and style as Skylar Grey, what resonates is the same kind of melodic turn of phrase that was apparent back when she was calling herself Holly Brook."
AllMusic,40,"Given Greys connection to musics biggest headline-makers, its ironic that her own output isnt all that memorable."

Slant Magazine,80,"Disjointed ending or not, Empire of the Sun has delivered a well-blended mix of disco, electropop and just plain fun that evokes the greats without copying them outright."
Rolling Stone,80,"Its like the best bits of MGMT, The Scissor Sisters and The Sleepy Jackson rolled into one."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Alive and Concert Pitch are deliriously upbeat confections, but a whole album in that vein could be capable of inducing dental caries at 50 paces. Thankfully, the second half finds them in more restrained--but no less winning--mood."
Los Angeles Times,80,"[The title track] like the rest of this exceptional LP, works fine as one chapter in an elaborate concept opus, but is just as satisfying for those with both feet in reality. [Jul 2013, p.98]"
BBC Music,80,"Ice on the Dune is a seamless suite of elegiac synthpop, with fairydust-flecked melodies, a perpetually peaking bass end, chord changes that reach into your heart, and fantasising falsetto vocals."
AllMusic,80,"The guys in Empire of the Sun manage to not only catch the lightning again, but their skill at crafting perfect pop, the depth in their songs, and the emotion their voices transmit make this record better than one might have ever expected. Modern pop doesn't get any better than this."
RapReviews.com,80,"In essence, Ice On The Dune is pure pop with a twist--like a modern day 10cc, or ELO using synths instead of strings. [Jul 2013, p.75]"
The Independent (UK),75,"Harnessing a number of pop hit-making producers and mixers guarantees Ice On The Dune the requisite polish and shininess necessary for everyman's ear. On their own, however, the songs still have the relentless hooks, the danceable rhythms, the chiseled melodies, plus the mysterious lyricism that production alone cannot create. [Jun-Jul 2013, p.86]"
HipHopDX,70,"Like all good records, it has its magpie moments too - the Justice / Daft Punk tinged one-two of Celebrate and Surround Sound especially effective in the current climate--but fundamentally Ice On The Dune is the definitive Empire Of The Sun album."
Slant Magazine,70,"The album is full of high-energy, highly-infectious dance numbers--in a way that demands frequently radio play, big-budget festival spots, distasteful Kesha collaborations, and another five year break between this and album #3."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Its neither better nor worse than Dream, but for all that talk of pushing through four dimensions (Surround Sound), the album remains planted in its comfort zone."
AllMusic,60,"Ice on the Dune is a pretty impressive pop album. But it's hard not to wonder what might have been had just a bit of the fanciful imagination that goes into the visual side of Empire of the Sun been allowed to seep in."
The Guardian,60,"The songs and melodies may be brighter, but there is a nagging sense throughout that something special has been lost somewhere in the process."
Boston Globe,60,"While it's debatable whether Empire Of The Sun deliver on a stated aim to make music that's 'transcendental,' you'll have a lot of fun hearing them try. [Jul 2013, p.85]"
The New York Times,60,"On track after track, the falsetto vocals and surging electropop pulses ultimately congeal into too saccharine a sonic experience, an artificially sweetened aural marshmallow."
BBC Music,60,"Ice On The Dune is patchy, and shows little progression from 2008 debut, Walking On A Dream."
AllMusic,60,"Perhaps with a little more nuance they can exploit the potential of their partnership to be one of the most intriguing electro-pop duos around--but on Ice on the Dune that potential remains unrealised."
The Guardian,56,"Their stuff floats off, and the synths carry the whiff not of a beach breeze but of a department-store escalator."
The Observer (UK),50,"The vintage-Daft Punk cheese platter 'Celebrate' and album-ending Bowie joke 'Keep a Watch' are foamy fun, but too often Ice on the Dune just feels like a lobotomy on the dance floor."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),40,"The problem is, when you project a futuristic, magical and otherworldly image, youd better have the sounds to match. And unfortunately, Ice On The Dune is a four-to-the-floor electro-pop album that has literally nothing to do with the cheesy fable invented to go with it."

AllMusic,60,"Sometimes it works, other times it just sounds bitter and gratuitous. [Jul 2013, p.96]"
The Independent on Sunday (UK),60,"Few things are more excruciating than hearing shallow frat guys try to sound deep, and these tracks can really make you wince. Ultimately though, when 3OH!3 stick to the anthemic, glorification/satirization of their own lifestyle, the good certainly outweighs the bad on Omens."
BBC Music,60,"This is a clangorous album in every way, full of brick-dense synths and abusive drums, and it often succeeds by blind force. But elsewhere the duo--Nathaniel Motte and Sean Foreman--are much slier and much more successful."
Billboard.com,40,"On their fourth LP, they ditch the guest stars to bluster, drop stale references (Yes, 'winning'!) and obsess over chicks."

Boston Globe,100,"An album truly fit to do battle with the rock classics of any age. [Jul 2013, p.80]"
PopMatters,100,"Stoner-rock heavyweight Josh Homme shows no ring rust on QOTSA's first new album in six years. [14 Jun 2013, p.94]"
Rolling Stone,91,"A record of decadent, perverse, feel-weird hits of the winter. Just in time for summer."
The Guardian,90,"Their rejuvenating effects make this the most rounded and melodic QOTSA album in a decade, a triumph snatched from the mortuary doors. [Summer 2013, p.88]"
Entertainment Weekly,90,"Its the kind of album we critics tritely refer to as a return to form but with the massively remarkable beast that ...Like Clockwork royally is, never has the phrase been more fitting."
Sputnikmusic,90,"...Like Clockwork is easily the best release from the band since Songs for the Deaf."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"It should go without saying but it needs to said: this is an intricate, jarring and complicated piece of work and is undeniably brilliant."
Boston Globe,90,"Josh Homme and his all-star pals prove the virtue of taking your sweet time on a record thats as self-assured as it is damn sexy."
The New York Times,90,"Homme has marshaled all of his strengths on ...Like Clockwork and has found a way forward, a way to deepen his music without compromising his identity."
HipHopDX,90,"With all its sonic diversity, consistency and precision, ...Like Clockwork is an impressive step in the right direction."
Los Angeles Times,89,"Like Clockwork: great for rock & roll, great for culture, great for the world."
The Guardian,89,"Its the one of the best QOTSA records to date."
Rolling Stone,80,"Like Clockwork may have been wrought from turmoil, what it delivers is the sound of Queens Of The Stone Age back at the top of their game. [15 Jun 2013, p.54]"
AllMusic,80,"...Like Clockwork is a return to form. [Jul 2013, p.107]"
musicOMH.com,80,"It's his band's most musically diverse effort."
The Guardian,80,"Despite expanding their sonic remit further than ever, Queens Of The Stone Age are still the same peerless band, indebted only to themselves."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"Now on the other side of forty, this is QOTSA as weary of mortality as theyve ever been. They also sound as vital, forceful and rough around the edges as they have in over a decade. Welcome back, gentlemen."
AllMusic,80,"By having faith that his songwriting ability would stand up to being thrust into unchartered musical territory, hes overseen the making of a tight album that has a cohesiveness that belies how open it is to new--and genuinely exciting--ideas."
The Independent (UK),80,"This is isn't album to fall in love with at first sight or listen; indeed, this requires a form of courtship between listener and album as the former, over time, opens up its many dense layers to first entice and then slowly seduce the latter into a lasting and meaningful relationship."
AllMusic,80,"So, while ...Like Clockwork doesnt have that many feel good hits of the summer, there are plenty of lullabies to paralyze."
BBC Music,80,"Yet for all his demon-steed drive, Homme's a versatile guy--he coos as persuasively as he howls, and few can rain down metal decay with as much nuance and craft."
Mojo,80,"It should be noted that this all sounds fantastic."
Q Magazine,80,"Mr. Hommes new songs are as strong as anything in that extensive catalog."
The Independent (UK),80,"The band return to the slow-and-low, sinister alt-boogie that made their name, with Homme's satisfying dirty badass guitar sound in full effect."
Filter,80,"...Like Clockwork is one of the years finer rock albums--an exercise in songwriting, production, and musicianship."
Billboard.com,80,"The album is dominated by Homme's razor-sharp songwriting, which ranges from the robotic pulse of If I Had a Tail to the succinct thud of My God Is the Sun and the wickedly infectious Smooth Sailing."
musicOMH.com,80,"Surrendering to its strange charms could be one of the smartest decisions you make this year. [Jul 2013, p.106]"
BBC Music,80,"Despite the distinct swerve in direction, there are still numerous killer blows to be found on ...Like Clockwork."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Song for song, however, this is the best QOTSA album in a decade, delivering all the swagger and skew of their greatest work without rehashing it."
AllMusic,78,"Most of the songs here are growers, and even the one's that are supposed to be immediate tunes like 'My God Is The Sun' and 'If I Had A Tail', don't quite grab and hold on to our attention like 'No One Knows' or 'Little Sister'."
New Musical Express (NME),76,"It's arguably the most potent lineup since Josh Homme put QOTSA together in 1996, and it's embellished on the band's sixth studio album by guests."
The Independent (UK),75,"Homme is one of the few singers and lyricists today who know that rock 'n' roll is built on a mix of menace and dark humor, and almost every track on ...Like Clockwork has a moment that makes you want to drive to Joshua Tree, pound some beers and start fires in the shape of pentagrams."
The Observer (UK),75,"...Like Clockwork is the best and most focused Queens album since Songs for the Deaf in 2002."
Entertainment Weekly,73,"Fittingly for a band thats spent the past few years retooling itself, it takes some time for Queens to shake off the cobwebs and get back to full strength."
The A.V. Club,70,"Not the best Queens of the Stone Age record, but a respectable showing with a few absolute gems."
PopMatters,70,"Josh Homme and fellow Queens Troy Van Leeuwen, Dean Fertita, and Michael Shuman have gotten back on beam for the bands first album in six years, apparently rediscovering the joys of creating robotic, riff-oriented hard-rock songs."
Consequence of Sound,70,"Its not propulsive like Era Vulgaris or dense and plodding like Lullabies to Paralyze. Instead, this is a record that feels more loose and laid-back, which is appropriate for a group thats getting back together after a few years off."
NOW Magazine,70,"It's not entirely successful, but also it's far from a failure--and it's certainly a unique piece of art that shouldn't be dismissed after the first or second listen."
Q Magazine,70,"...Like Clockwork is the sound of the band, oddly, albeit entertainingly unsettled. [Jul 2013, p.79]"
The Guardian,70,"Still flaunting in the grunge realm, the overall result is tough, yet accessible, including some deeper moments."
Exclaim,65,"Perhaps a little minimalism--not stretching so many of those ideas to close to or more than five minuteswould make this an infinitely more enjoyable ride."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),60,"QOTSA can still devastate and his lyrics still tread that delicious line between romance and nihilism, but ...Like Clockwork either runs too slickly, or the mechanism feels forced."
Billboard.com,60,"It has highlights, certainly, the beautiful The Vampyre Of Time And Memory and epic single My God Is The Sun being cases in point, but this a largely disappointing return to record for QOTSA."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"With this album, you'll be scrabbling for a lyric sheet because Homme seems so uncharacteristically unmoored."
The A.V. Club,58,"...Like Clockwork is a droning, incoherent endeavor, and it simply doesnt reward the attention its asking for."
Entertainment Weekly,35,"Queens Of The Stone Age lumbers its way through a series of increasingly skronky, sludge-by-numbers jams and sound. [No. 100, p.57]"

Sputnikmusic,83,"The-Dream is one of R&B's best talkers and he flexes that weird, wordy, girl-crazy mind all over IV Play's lush love jams. [31 May/7 Jun 2013, p.136]"
AllMusic,80,"IV Play is a collection of sexy jams that falls somewhere between Usher-type bedroom music and the progressive R&B The-Dreams great at."
American Songwriter,74,"IV Play succeeds in spades with its production and songwriting."
Spin,70,"Despite gestating for years, IV Play is an album that feels unattended to."
The Observer (UK),70,"IV Play finds Dream delving into more sounds and styles than ever before."
The Guardian,70,"Interestingly, the albums emotive selection happens to be its most musically daring as well."
Los Angeles Times,70,"If his booty-poppin' subject matter isn't original, the kaleidoscope R&B butter-storms he cooks up give his sexcapades a hallucinatory drama."
musicOMH.com,70,"IV Play may not always hit that high bar, but the artist's persistence and perfectionism are clear, and the results bear as pure of a pedigree as ever."
Drowned In Sound,70,"[IV Play revisits] Nashs usual tropes through a more varied sound palette that demonstrates a willingness to experiment and, at rare and glorious points, a raw sense of urgency fuelled by his bitterness."
Consequence of Sound,70,"Notwithstanding a couple musical blemishes, IV Play diligently continues The-Dreams tenure as one of the premier acts in R&B."
Country Weekly,69,"Sticking with him through the machinations of the music industry has never been more difficult than it is now, but IV Play still has its rewards."
BBC Music,60,"This is an album of average to good songs, with only a few highlights."
Boston Globe,60,"He sounds bored. So am I."
Rolling Stone,60,"Even Dreams production, which was voluptuously orchestrated, has turned static; theres an ashen militarism to be heard in these slow, sad songs."
PopMatters,60,"The-Dream barely breaks new ground artistically and the set doesnt approach his finest effort, Love vs. Money, but the music is often so seductive its easy to ignore a misstep (New Orleans) and often distracting auto-tuning."
Slant Magazine,50,"Theres enough pulling power to draw you in, just not enough to get you hooked."
The Telegraph (UK),40,"As IV Play demonstrates, the well of ideas has run dry and the magic is gone."
Sputnikmusic,40,"He's never been one for lyrical subtlety, but this set contains several stretches of monotonous, joyless carnality."
BBC Music,30,"The lyrical and musical content of IV Play doesnt stray far from the Top 40 standards of mind-numbing repetition and stories about getting high and having sex."

The Independent on Sunday (UK),80,"Its fascinating to hear just how these sounds have dated."
AllMusic,80,"Wings Over America records the fact that they were a far sturdier, more streamlined and thrilling proposition than they were ever given credit for. [Jun 2013, p.96]"
The Guardian,80,"The remastered sound for this spiffed up reboot is a big improvement over the previous one. The extras on the various editions, especially the Wings Over the World doc with fan interviews, backstage shenanigans and offstage prep for the shows, help bring the 1976 experience to life for a new generation, shameless nostalgia and all."
The Observer (UK),70,"Now reissued with a variety of bonus goodies, Wings Over America is a time capsule from a neglected phase of the Macca saga--an artifact for Seventies stoners who thought Wings were heavier than the Beatles."
musicOMH.com,70,"Wings Over America is, like any triple live album, too bloody long. But its also a snapshot of a Paul McCartney who, despite some of the Wings album-track dross, felt compelled to make surreal symphonic pop that continued the pop ideals of Sgt Pepper and The White Album."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),60,"If the album isn't quite a classic, it does represent its time in an unhurried, unselfconscious way: this is what big-budget rock sounded like in the mid-'70s, and expanding it to such an extravagant size doesn't hurt it because it always was bigger and bolder than its competitors."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Here, McCartney sounds more natural and in his element than most anywhere else on Wings Over America, not least because the material itself has some coherence."

AllMusic,80,"Although Cullum got his start during the jazz singer boom of the early 2000s, with Momentum he's proven once again to be a musically eclectic songwriter with more than enough creative speed to keep him going for years to come."
Billboard.com,60,"He's employed iPhone apps, junk-shop keyboards, cassette recorders and other unlikely paraphernalia to illustrate the wider aural picture. [Jun 2013, p.86]"
The Guardian,60,"On the whole, Momentum is a solid slice of radio friendly pop-rock, and sadly, its truly deserving of that particular set of epithets."
Spin,60,"It certainly goes beyond his retro-jazz comfort zone, with piercing electric organ and electric piano lending a vibrant, visceral edge to several songs."

Consequence of Sound,80,"[An] often impressive fourth album."
Boston Globe,79,"The singer has a strong grip on her skills as a performer, but is still chiseling away at the formula that works best for her as an artist, and is unwittingly putting that self-discovery on display here."
The New York Times,60,"It's predictable stuff--sassy songs, lovelorn songs, a couple of pop-psych pep talks--but Lovato is good company, and her voice has gustiness and character."
The A.V. Club,60,"Ultimately, this isn't an album of purpose, it's a collection of moments, and it has just enough good ones to solidify Demi Lovato's comeback."
Chicago Tribune,58,"Its too bad that her new album, Demi, sounds like such a decisive return to teen pop."
musicOMH.com,50,"Demi sounds like Lovatos grasping for hits, when she used to sound like she was making music and having fun."

PopMatters,80,"The majority of A (clever title, in the context of Faltskog's history) consists of dignified, age appropriate ballads."
Rolling Stone,60,"A has moments of brilliance, so its perhaps all the more noticeable when not every song hits the sweet spot."
Slant Magazine,60,"If you crave that ineffable something Abba achieved, then it's only glimpsed here. [Jun 2013, p.84]"
The Observer (UK),60,"This is stately, sweet Europop, the kind that could have been released any time over the last 30 years, but it's given a warm, reassuring quality by Agnetha Fltskog, who retains an appealing, easy touch that separates her from her successors and still resonates all these years later."
Los Angeles Times,60,"While it's genuinely marvellous to hear one of pop's most underrated voices back, you do long to hear material suited to the modern era. [Jun 2013, p.94]"
AllMusic,60,"With less excessive production and better songs, this could have been an accomplished return--her voice is still there. As it is, were picking up some signals, but it requires some real tuning."
AllMusic,60,"Agnetha: still as seductively normal, beautifully boring and enigmatically familiar as ever."
Slant Magazine,50,"Its collision of tea-time melodrama and Gary Barlow make her sound more Pop Idol than pop idol. [Jun 2013, p.67]"
The Guardian,40,"An Abba fan will hear that Fltskog is in strong voice; the uninitiated will wonder what 90s obscurity is being played for bar trivia night."

Entertainment Weekly,80,"Buying into Luhrmann's vision is always the issue, but here, the music is crafted enough, inspired enough, and deep enough that it's worth diving into without reservations."
Q Magazine,70,"The Great Gatsby Soundtrack is a fine example of what a films musical-mate can and should be; it mirrors many aesthetic elements of the film, augments the general storyline and adds depth and personality to the characters and dialogue on the screen."
PopMatters,70,"Not everything works. Lana Del Rey's 'Young and Beautiful' is meant to be one of the album's centerpieces; instead, it's inert, a drag. But the LP conjures a consistent mood of noirish, doomed romance."
Rolling Stone,61,"The resulting collection is something more middling, neither offensive nor revolutionary, with memorable moments and forgettable ones."
NOW Magazine,60,"Gatsby manages to avoid the major mistake that many soundtracks have, which is not keeping a uniform style throughout the album. At the same time, The Great Gatsby Soundtrack also offers variation, though it comes at a small price. Some of the artists that get a share of the spotlight dont live up to the standout performances of the album."
AllMusic,60,"Put simply, The Great Gatsby soundtrack resonates like the dinky Grammy sampler album they give to us plebeians who arent important enough to attend the ceremony anyway."
Billboard.com,40,"Most of the cars in The Great Gatsby crash and so does Luhrman's soundtrack."
Los Angeles Times,40,"Despite few-and-far-between curveballs from the xx (the spare 'Together') and Nero ('Into the Past,' which clearly aches to be included on the next Nicolas Winding Refn movie), The Great Gatsby speaks on Duke and Ella's behalf when it says, 'It don't mean a thing.' Period."

PopMatters,70,"He is not ashamed to bleat out inane proclamations and this album benefits from his shamelessness. Its frequently catchy and almost always compellingly energetic."
BBC Music,70,"As intended, theres a little something for everyone."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"#willpower siphons Chris Brown, Bieber, Britney, Miley, Skylar Grey, K-pop act N2E1 and many more through mistily whooshing, thunderously stomping dance pop that manages to be both hilariously one-dimensional and obsessively high-def."
Boston Globe,60,"#willpower is stuffed with sounds that, while in no sense as
Slant Magazine,cutting-edge as he likes to make out, crest the wave of the popular."
Rolling Stone,58,"His milk-snortingly inept lyrical flow too often hijacks #will's beat-addled moneymaker shakers. [3 May 2013, p.63]"
musicOMH.com,40,"Ultimately, #willpower is an overstuffed pop album that tries too hard to be trendy while not trying hard enough to be cohesive or truly meaningful."
The Guardian,40,"The songs featuring him alone may be full of undeniably funny arrogance, but they're also laden with recycled beats and Auto-Tune."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),40,"Even without the unpleasant association of the Chris Brown guest slot here, #willpower (we're letting people hashtag their album titles now?) is a charmless listen."
BBC Music,40,"The factory default is for disposable, cheesy, trance-influenced pop with Auto-Tuned vocals."
Q Magazine,40,"Lacking real excitement, verve, or even the stupid type of fun we're used to from him, will.i.am sounds remarkably like his heart isn't in it throughout the record, bored on the job even though it's his job to get the party started."
The Observer (UK),30,"It's hip, it's slick, it's polished, and it's an utter waste of time."
The Independent (UK),30,"Undoubtedly crafted to be an easy listen, the overstuffed, lumbering, and joyless #willpower is quite the opposite."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),20,"Conveniently, hes premeditated every song in #willpower with a bevy of wishy-washy, quotable clichs that are meant to fit the space of 140 characters. Sadly, that's as deep as it gets."

AllMusic,90,"Minor quibbles aside (Set Me Free is a little over-wrought and clichd), True Romance is a simply stunning record."
New Musical Express (NME),85,"Is it worth the time, passion and investment of the listener? To those unfamiliar with XCX, or who only know her in passing, the answer is irrevocably yes; for others, it depends upon the value they place on a well-crafted retrospective."
Uncut,83,"Like 90s pop stars turned 10s pop sophisticates Justin Timberlake and Beyonc, Charli XCX stamps her personality across the entire project, and True Romance suggests she'll be worth following for a while."
Drowned In Sound,80,"There isnt a moment when Charli XCX doesnt display the kind of wild, brash confidence that other artists take years to arrive at."
musicOMH.com,80,"Charli XCX isnt smashing any glass ceilings in pop; shes perfectly roughing up the edges of a long-standing mold."
The Guardian,80,"Since quite a few of these songs were already road-tested, it's not surprising that this is a strong debut, but just how consistently catchy and personal True Romance is might raise a few eyebrows."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"While there's still the odd remnant of Marina-lite pop, this sounds like an imminent star steadily staking a claim to her own turf."
AllMusic,75,"For the most part, it's a breathless ride that gyrates to atomic hip-hop beats and darting synth lines, polished off with XCX's rough-riding narratives."
BBC Music,70,"Early exploits including a ridiculous rhyme about T-Rex amorousness ('Dinosaur Sex'), jabs at vapid art-school scenesters ('Art Bitch' and '!Franchesckaar!'), and some indecipherable indie-dance vocoding ('I Wanna Be Darth Vader'). True Romance is a strident departure from those frivolities so far as solid, true-to-aim songwriting is concerned, but the divergence and a touch of the silliness remains."
Uncut,70,"Shes the fun pop you dont have to be embarrassed about listening to, and shes definitely worth focusing your attention."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"Love, lust and longing are chronicled and dissected in True Romance through online relationships being gradually given tangible, tactile form, setting Charli up as a young pop star to be reckoned with."
musicOMH.com,70,"True Romance is the pop-album equivalent of a wicked Tumblr."
The Guardian,70,"She has the ability to carve out some gorgeous pop songs, but seems to be trying to cover too many bases."
Pitchfork,67,"True Romance may not match Aitchisons high ambitions for her debut, but its a hell of a start."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"At the moment, her music is best consumed in blog-sized chunks, not as a stodgy 48-minute album."
Drowned In Sound,60,"For now, True Romance is a valiant attempt that doesnt do much more than provide the soundtrack for getting ready to go out songs on tinny laptop speakers."
Q Magazine,60,"Theres much to enjoy on True Romance, although its probably best sampled in small doses as it doesnt hang together that successfully over the course of an album."
NOW Magazine,50,"While a few slivers of genuine spontaneity can be found throughout True Romance, particularly in the watery K-pop-esque opus 'Nuclear Seasons,' the sum as a whole feels rather forced."

The Observer (UK),67,"An effort largely filled with breathy, elevator-ready ballads, and jazzy uptempo ditties that never quite reach their potential. [12 Apr 2013, p.72]"
The Independent (UK),60,"This is merely designed to please the diehards... if anybody else happens to like it or if it stumbles into a hit, that's merely a bonus."
The Quietus,50,"10, when its all said and done, lacks exceptionalness, polish, and memorableness."
Clash Music,50,"As much as everybody appreciates a good reunion, 10 isnt really worth getting excited about unless youre a diehard fan."
HipHopDX,40,"The result is a muddle of mid-2000s electro (such as Crash, which is splashed with RedOne-style Auto-Tune), bubblegum-urban modelled on their early hits (Now or Never) and conveyor-belt ballads."
DJ Booth,40,"There's a serviceable hit nonetheless in Remix (I Like The), and the itchy R&B of Jealous (Blue) has some appeal, but the purest joy comes from rap so bad that you'll want to play it for everyone you know."

Los Angeles Times,91,"This is chemically pure pop-rock--flavorless, transparent--and potent enough to melt your resistance like battery acid. [29 Mar 2013, p.75]"
Chicago Tribune,82,"OneRepublics latest effort proves that they are at the top of their respective genre, and it may be time to stop looking at them as the prince waiting-in-the-wings and finally hand them that goddamned crown."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"The craftsmanship is painstaking and impressive: layer upon layer of glossy keyboards, reverberant guitars and choirlike backing vocals (although Mr. Tedder applies too much obvious Auto-Tune to his leads). But these crystal-palace productions are proud showcases for unctuous, sometimes oddly morbid lyrics."
Boston Globe,70,"Tedder reveals a broad palette of stylistic inspiration."
Rolling Stone,60,"While Tedder can on occasion craft lyrics that strike the perfect balance between simplicity and grandiosity, he flounders a bit too often on Native."
Spin,50,"The main problem is also the main asset: Tedder himself, a song savant who's a boring and characterless singer."
AllMusic,40,"Occasionally, things lift out of the bluster--unfortunately, in the case of Preacher, a terrible lyric--but even the Everybody Wants To Rule The World guitar on Life in Color or the relatively stately synth-pop of Something's Gotta Give can't make Native Anything but a great gas giant of a record. [Jun 2013, p.103]"

The Observer (UK),100,"Roth fits Hunter like a glove, bringing out the warmth of his brass section and framing his raw voice in perfectly judged R&B arrangements that spark and bounce."
BBC Music,90,"His intelligent lyrics and melodies inside the arrangements of these beautifully crafted songs underscore the integrity and passion in his trademark voice. This is inarguably his finest album."
The A.V. Club,89,"The combination of Roth's deft touch, Hunter's gritty vocals, and the band's skilled musicianship makes Minute by Minute one of the best of the year."
PopMatters,80,"Yes, the production is grand, the band tight, and the songs are clever, but Hunters voice is the main attraction here. He sings with an ache that never breaks, even though he always seems to be reaching for a note just out of range."
musicOMH.com,80,"He still sings very much from the heart, though, and the result is altogether awesome. [Apr 2013, p.94]"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"The vivid nostalgia remains, with these all-original cuts sounding like they could easily have been laid down back in the golden ages of the 1950s and 60s."
Rolling Stone,70,"The seamlessly authentic sound fit his raw and lusty vocalising, and the impressively tailored swagger 'n swing og his band, to a tee. [Mar 2013, p.73]"
The New York Times,60,"He came out the other side with a hard-won wisdom, emotion and sense of craft that, like soul music, never goes out of style."

musicOMH.com,75,"The R&B upstart's debut is promising. [18 Jan 2013, p.77]"
American Songwriter,70,"Those who have been waiting for what seems like an eternity for Timberlake to return to the music scene could do worse than check out Contrast, which although rather front-loaded, is perhaps the most confident and mature teen pop debut of recent years."
AllMusic,70,"This is a credible collection of electronic RnB tracks that owes a greater debt to another, more grown-up Justin."
The Guardian,70,"More than anything, what impresses about Contrast is the quality of songs on offer."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"The downside is it's a couple of tracks too long--'Just In Case' being a slow jam too far--but a confident strut of a debut nonetheless."
PopMatters,60,"Maynard doesn't quite put a personal stamp on catchy, generic tracks like 'Animal' or 'Can't Say No,' or convince as a lothario. Still, the songs are good, and he can sing."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"If you can't stand top-40 contemporary dance pop, don't bother (and consider not leaving your house for the next couple of years). Listen to Contrast with an open mind, though, and you hear a kid with real talent."
Boston Globe,60,"Maynard is clearly being primed to take on Bieber. Hence the ultra-pop, super-slick confections he layers his not altogether unpleasant (but not utterly spellbinding voice all over. [Sep 2012, p.105]"
BBC Music,60,"Most of the tracks here, with their wide-eyed appreciation of 'beautiful girlies' would fit on a Bieber album. But you get the feeling he's striving for more."
The Independent (UK),60,"His quest to bring sexy back to Britain founders amid gauche come-ons ('Your aura/ It's so shiny') and strained emoting."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),60,"This is pop by committee, with half-a-dozen writers' credits per song; some identikit urban pop cuts such as Another One ill suit a kid from Brighton."

Los Angeles Times,91,"His talent for crafting little pop perfections of all stripes is undeniable."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"The bulk of Unorthodox Jukebox benefits from presenting Bruno Mars as he truly imagines himself: a big belter with an ear for pop hooks, sure, but one unafraid to dive into murkier waters."
The Observer (UK),80,"All in all, this is a truly accomplished and slick pop album, but its lyrical content will probably lose Bruno Mars some sales and some of his core audience."
AllMusic,80,"The result is a record that makes the competition sound sad and idea-starved by comparison."
BBC Music,77,"His highly anticipated sophomore album succeeds in mixing its safer stylistic choices with its relatively bold ideas."
Billboard.com,70,"Sounds like Bruno Mars is trying to rough up his image a bit on his strong, if sometimes oddly lyrically aggressive, second album."
Fact Magazine (UK),70,"Mars still plays the sweetheart card well, but he's proven himself way more interesting as a badass."
The A.V. Club,70,"It's appealing, generally engaging and all shot through with the confidence of a man who must feel he's got the hit parade Midas touch"
musicOMH.com,60,"His second album is the same conventional mish-mash as his 6m-selling debut."
NOW Magazine,60,"Too many of the tracks seem more like very good imitations of song types than like actual songs."
Rolling Stone,60,"While not an unqualified triumph, Unorthodox Jukebox is a step forward."
Slant Magazine,60,"When he isn't sounding like a Police album track ('Locked Out of Heaven') or a Musical Youth album track ('Show Me'), he's mostly sounding like a Wham! album track (the disco-pop 'Treasure' being a case in point)."
Boston Globe,60,"Overall, there is rather less doo-wopping on Unorthodox Jukebox, an album that, despite its title, deserves your grudging respect, and a little more hooliganism."
The Independent (UK),60,"Bruno Mars is a talented chap, he's forced to demean his abilities by echoing other artists' former glories on Unorthodox Jukebox, whose title all but gives the game away."
Billboard.com,58,"He's an undeniable talent, desperately searching for an identity to claim as his own."
PopMatters,50,"Too bad it's a step back from Doo-Wops in so many ways, leaving people who saw promise in his debut shaking their heads in disappointment and hoping Mars can sort out his feelings about women and get back to being a sweet romancer, instead of an icky hater."

DJ Booth,88,"By stomping just at the edge of parental propriety and sneaking in (mostly) well-crafted lyrics, her new record confirms her place as the loosest of the dance divas, one who not only preaches on the art of the party like few since Andrew W.K., but who also delivers the message through inventive, beat-heavy musical cannonballs, most produced by hitmaker Dr. Luke, that pummel with pleasure."
The Guardian,81,"Warrior is a pure pop album with rock influences, despite Ke$ha's attempts to make it the inverse."
Pitchfork,80,"It's a wall-to-wall party for the freaks, burnouts, outcasts, and misfits and if you don't get it that's your fault, not hers."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),80,"Warrior is never dull, always fun, and frequently a thrillingly unpredictable ride."
Los Angeles Times,75,"Anyone up for giving her a second chance--or recognizing she has actual singing, writing, and performing talent--just might be pleasantly surprised."
Entertainment Weekly,75,"Ke$ha's filthy jokes may be what separates her from her peers who practice ghost abstinence."
Consequence of Sound,70,"Too many cooks in the kitchen notwithstanding, it amounts to 12 songs here with some 40 perfectly crafted hooks."
Sputnikmusic,70,"Not everything works, but for a major label pop album, the ratio of material that succeeds is notably high, as on her sophomore release, she's already willing to take some risks with her sound."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Warrior doesn't hit the giddy peaks of 2010's Animal, but it has a crackpot sense of rock history."
Rolling Stone,70,"There's no revelation here, only strong fun."
AllMusic,70,"Warrior is likable enough, but not only can't it match its predecessor, it's not nearly as exhilarating or disruptive as what fellow slizzered California trashdancer Dev or assorted K-poppers have done in the past two years with basically the same raw materials."
BBC Music,70,"Taken as a whole, this is another surprisingly enjoyable album from a pop singer who has managed to broaden her approach without losing her USP."
The A.V. Club,60,"The naff raps and Auto-Tuned gloop can't spoil the addictive rush of the air-punching, get-pissed-destroy-a-bus-shelter anthems that abound here. [Jan 2012, p.93]"
NOW Magazine,60,"Warrior, a moderate improvement of her disappointing debut Animal. [Jan 2013, p.106]"
Slant Magazine,60,"Most of Warrior sticks to Ke$ha's tried-and-true formula."
Boston Globe,60,"Although the new direction isn't revolutionary, it's natural enough and distracts from some of the filler."
The Observer (UK),40,"Really, though, her graceless output remains unaffected."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Auto-Tune, deployed all over the record, turns Kesha's voice into a robo-squawk, and not in a good way."

The Guardian,40,"Tulisa struggles to get to grips with the predictably generic R&B ballads, but when the pace is upped and she shouts along to Young and the feisty M.I.A.-lite Live It Up, the personality that has turned her into a phenomenon of out times transcends her obvious limitations. [Jan 2013, p.112]"
Q Magazine,40,"The few redeeming moments come when she ceases her bellowing and shows a little restraint, as on the surprisingly likable Skeletons."
Filter,40,"When she sticks to the disco-pop staples of celebrating youth and dancing and fun, in tracks like 'Young', 'Live It Up' and 'Live Your Life', once the energy dissipates, so do the songs, evaporating as if they never existed."
PopMatters,40,"Like most pop albums, it's front-loaded. The banging club tunes, like the chart-topping 'Young' are at the start, then it slumps into a series of obligatory ballads on which her unremarkable voice is somewhat stretched."
CMJ,30,"A lamentable debut all round."
Paste Magazine,20,"For the most part, however, The Female Boss is a cynical and dire product which invites the riposte: Tulisa, you're fired."

Rolling Stone,70,"This time around Murs delves into even more of a funk sound, and tracks like 'Troublemaker' and 'Hey You Beautiful' bring to mind the sound of such similarly inclined contemporaries as Maroon 5 and the Wanted."
Consequence of Sound,70,"For all its battalions of writers and producers, Right Place Right Time is a surprisingly coherent affair."
Slant Magazine,67,"The reconceived album is stuffed with overproduced midtempo tracks that don't complement his naturally cheeky showmanship. [19/26 Apr 2013, p.112]"
AllMusic,60,"There's less of the pop-ska pabulum and more Will Young-style balladeering, mixed in with up-tempo, perky numbers."
PopMatters,40,"Too much of the album is drably formulaic, a series of gambits shuffled into passable shapes rather than memorable songs."

Los Angeles Times,90,"Ten is incredible. It's up there with Gold, Substance and Discography in terms of greatest-hits sets."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Despite the amount of new material, some of which is not up to par with the earlier smashes and certain album cuts, this is a handy sampling of Girls Aloud's biggest moments."
musicOMH.com,70,"The collection and especially the new songs have the feeling of a last hurrah."
The Observer (UK),70,"The broader fault of Ten is that it isn't the ABBA Gold-caliber wonder that Girls Aloud deserves as a greatest hits collection."

Entertainment Weekly,86,"Unapologetic is Rihanna's most confident, emotionally resonant work since 2009's 'Rated R."
Boston Globe,83,"The album is far less defiant than its title suggests, with just as many lovely moments by the piano as there are dubstep-warped bangers."
AllMusic,70,"The now-24-year-old's voice may be simple, but it's distinctive--and as defiant as her album titles."
Rolling Stone,70,"Unapologetic makes a compelling case for Rihanna knowing what she's doing. This most compelling of pop phenomena still has something new to offer."
Billboard.com,70,"The music is just as brutish and bruised; occasionally Rihanna shows up essentially unaccompanied, but most of her songs are built tough and layered. The songs that are the least texturally confrontational are also by far the least successful."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Unapologetic's stark, shadowy R&B is confrontationally honest and sung within an inch of its life."
Country Weekly,70,"While this is a fine, if uneven album, the only way to enjoy a significant portion of it is by taking it as pure entertainment."
American Songwriter,63,"Talk about a mixed message. Even Rihanna sounds confused."
AllMusic,60,"Even when Unapologetic fails, it often does so in interesting ways."
PopMatters,60,"The album itself morphs from Dubstep, to R&B, to ballads, EDM, to Pop-Reggae--and that is its biggest achilles heel. It isn't something that other jumping-genre albums couldn't get over if it weren't for the the fact that it suffers from a serious sequence problem."
The New York Times,60,"Her seventh album in seven years is all filthy lyrics and crashing dubstep drops: R&B-pop turned up to 11."
The Guardian,60,"Unapologetic is by no means a bad album, it'd be nearly impossible to combine the music industry's best songwriters, producers and Rihanna's charismatic delivery and not create quality music, but as an album Unapologetic has no real core, no real theme; unless you count 'making hits' as a theme."
Boston Globe,60,"The mixture of emotions across Unapologetic just doesn't sit right."
Slant Magazine,60,"Even the club bangers ('Phresh Out the Runway' and 'Numb,' featuring Eminem) are heavy with bass that rumbles more in your chest instead of rattling your feet. Ballads work well for Rihanna, and this album has two of her finest."
Rolling Stone,60,"While compelling on its own terms, Rihanna never seems to figure out that being Unapologetic isn't the same thing as picking fights on the dance floor."
Los Angeles Times,60,"Like most of Unapologetic, it's  ['Nobody's Business' is] instantly forgettable."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"For all its musical value, listening to Unapologetic is a pretty depressing experience."
Spin,60,"It's a mixed bag."
DJ Booth,58,"A fiery pop album that's unfortunately coated in the icky residue of unearned defiance that has marked Brown's recent output."
XXL,50,"While the new Rihanna record may be at times sonically exciting, what resides beneath the new bass-heavy, Skrillex-inspired music is still a fast-food burger, one with a lot of extra sauce and some very disturbing ingredients."
Boston Globe,45,"The measurable failure is the album's music. On a track-by-track basis, the songs make for dull labor, not worth our time and not befitting Rihanna's talent."
RapReviews.com,40,"Sonically, the first half of Unapologetic picks up on the syrupy Southern hip-hop minimalism popular last summer, while much of the latter half is a grab bag of unwieldy balladry."
Consequence of Sound,40,"The art speaks to the album's sound: readily appealing, but ultimately, two-dimensional."
BBC Music,40,"In spite of Rihanna's best efforts, Unapologetic is more depressing than offensive."
AllMusic,20,"When you're at Rihanna's level you can afford the best songwriters and producers in the business and sonically the album is generally far ahead of her peers. Yet if Sia's Diamonds is a sultry triumph, its character and uniqueness highlights the ultimately hollow pleasures of much around it."

The Source,75,"The most relevant debut album the Idol machine has cranked out in years, and it nicely justifies this particular WGWG's [White Guy With Guitar's] burgeoning career."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),71,"Phillips sounds natural enough within that [Dave Matthews Band] style, more acolyte than imitator, which makes the album one of the more engaging champion debuts in the show's inconsistent history."
Rolling Stone,70,"Phillips may be an artist of just a few ideas, but he believes in them. And he's not afraid to use them over and over."
PopMatters,50,"If you don't listen closely, it goes down easy, but listening with just a slightly critical ear reveals those similarities [to Dave Matthews] as near farcical."
The A.V. Club,50,"The World from the Side of the Moon is ultimately a polite, conservative album that balances Phillips's genuine affection for roots music with the commercial bent that comes with being part of the American Idol franchise."
HipHopDX,50,"He's far better in originals like 'Gone, Gone, Gone' and his hit 'Home,' which build from folksy picking to hooting power-ballad choruses, a pleasantly popified take on Arcade Fire. Those songs are redundant too--but the tunes leaven Phillips' overbearing self-seriousness."

New Musical Express (NME),88,"Special note to the freakazoids who think 'Starships' killed hip-hop: the rapper who rhymes 'fri-vo-lous' with 'po-ly-ga-mist' is X-Acto sharp as ever."
Entertainment Weekly,75,"Sure, she flirts with dance pop and R&B balladry, but you can forgive her for wanting to satisfy different tastes. Here, it actually works."
AllMusic,70,"On most of these tracks, Minaj rises to the occasion."
Billboard.com,70,"Good news is, the too-pop Roman Reloaded now feels more balanced once this eight-track EP worth of material tips the scales."
Rolling Stone,70,"It is most definitely worth your time, money and investment and whilst the Re-Up section isn't particularly mind-blowing, it is definitely an intelligent addition that rectifies certain initial errors"
Los Angeles Times,60,"An extra eight-track CD of new material, which is our primary concern here. [It does not] adds much to the Minaj experience."
AllMusic,60,"As its own EP, The Re-Up would help provide balance to the pop chart aspirations from last year. But as a tack-on for Roman Reloaded, it plays like a band-aid over a shotgun wound."
Pitchfork,60,"The original Pink Friday was a competently crafted blend of rap and pop that, even when it skewed to one extreme or the other, did so with style and skill. Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded - The Re-Up appears to try to replicate that formula, and with predictably mixed results."

CMJ,83,"Woman To Woman may be a throwback, but there's no denying Cole's pipes on highlight moments. [30 Nov 2012, p.73]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"Cole has yet to release a dud, but this is among her best work--somewhere between The Way It Is and Just Like You in terms of quality."
musicOMH.com,80,"Her blood and guts are a refreshing antidote to the passive, enervated melancholy of 2012's wave of gentrified indie-R&B, and a reminder of how raw and passionate the genre should be."
DIY Magazine,70,"The songs are uniformly good and produced with restraint to allow the singer room to breathe life into the first-person narratives. Unfortunately, there are two requisite MC cameos, which threaten to sink strong songs."
Filter,60,"Why is her big-voiced delivery so similar and balanced in nearly every song? Why are there no sharp intakes of breath, stutters, meaningful cracks or strange textures, like the battling squeaks that made 'Love,' one of her early singles, so good?"

Exclaim,70,"With placid, feline production, tight harmonies and breezy beats, much of DNA ambles along the well-trodden path of the temperate demi-ballad. But it's the ventures away from this that prove Little Mix function far better either side of mid-tempo."
Uncut,70,"A solidly enjoyable, radio-ready pop album."
Q Magazine,60,"When off-kilter beats collide with impeccable harmonies and pleasingly daft lyrics, it sounds like pop as it should be, and their gamble in borrowing De La Soul's Ring Ring Ring refrain for How Ya Doin comes good. The ballads, however, plod along with heavy-handed emotion."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Such an efficient compendium of current pop influences is a little underwhelmng; nothing here sets out to redefine the girl group sound."
BBC Music,40,"The main duty of pop is to be catchy, and it's a duty which DNA mostly shirks miserably."

PopMatters,80,"One Direction deliver another immediately catchy mix of dancey pop that maximizes the group's shared lead-vocal approach and peppy, upbeat image."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"The upbeat tracks are as catchy as conjunctivitis."
BBC Music,80,"Polished and dependable, despite its safety there are some show-stopping pop anthems present."
Rolling Stone,80,"Even with so many producers lending a hand, there isn't a dud to be found on the record's thirteen tracks."
Mojo,70,"While the album is uniformly sleek and upbeat, a few tunes hew too closely to the generic template; but as boy bands go, fans--and their wary parents--could do much worse."
The Independent (UK),60,"Fittingly for an album whose most-uttered word is 'whoa,' they seem perpetually awed by their good fortune and the beauty of whoever happens to be standing nearby."
Pitchfork,60,"Their second album rivals the best of Backstreet and 'N Sync when the material pumps. But when it doesn't (i.e., most of the ballads), a certain amount of douchiness creeps in."
AllMusic,60,"The material is of variable quality."
The Guardian,50,"Most of Take Me Home is filler with barely enough zip to keep the kids up past dinner."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),40,"The cheesiness, loads of filler, and overly glossy production are still present and hinder much of what the album had the potential to accomplish."

Spin,91,"The rawer lyrics showcase a man who's maturing without making a fuss about it."
Rolling Stone,80,"Ultimately, it's the love songs that make the biggest impression on this nicely balanced disc."
The Guardian,80,"What's striking about R.E.D. are Ne-Yo's subtle but notable stylistic departures."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Overall R.E.D. is concise and beautifully simple, making it one of this year's smoothest R&B albums."
Paste Magazine,63,"You get some of that [back to basics feel] from the first two songs on R.E.D., both of which Ne-Yo co-wrote with Shea Taylor, who also produced.... After that, though, R.E.D. doesn't really stick to the idea of less is more."
The Source,60,"R.E.D. won't reassure those who accuse him of drifting away from R&B to make a quick pop buck."
musicOMH.com,50,"As peers like Frank Ocean and Miguel boldly reimagine commercial R&B, this often feels less like vision than parsing market research."
BBC Music,50,"The highlights are all casual, subtle, finely detailed midtempo numbers and slow jams. What's truly disappointing is the absence of energetic songs descended from soul and funk."

Pitchfork,60,"As an exercise in not-so-subtle re-positioning the album is never less than effective and its high-points are more interesting and persuasive than most of JLS' peers."
The A.V. Club,60,"It's full of taut, sophisticated pop that nods to Justin Timberlake circa 2002, Timbaland circa 1999 and even some of Nicki Minaj's more experimental beats."
The Observer (UK),60,"Evolution is a perfect Frankenstorm of over-produced American R&B."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),50,"While longtime JLS fans may be satisfied with Evolution, those looking for either a smart reappropriation of sounds from the past or a daring creative leap forward will find themselves at a disappointing dead end."
The Independent (UK),40,"They've certainly lost much of their vocal character to the dreaded auto-tune, without gaining much by recompense."

NOW Magazine,90,"Ultimately, on Dark Black, Train is a master at keeping us on the edge of our seats."
XXL,90,"An extraordinary record."
AllMusic,60,"These love songs all sound pretty good. But the feeling remains that she has more, which the respectful hands around her haven't liberated. [Jan 2013, p.95]"
HipHopDX,60,"An occasional over-eagerness for approval, though, can allow attention to wander. [Jan 2013, p.111]"
Fact Magazine (UK),60,"The result is an engaging, softly sensuous air of desolation, emotion recollected in tranquility."

RapReviews.com,80,"By the end of the year, expect Harris' star to steadily rise as 18 Months continues to devour the calendar-and the universe."
Boston Globe,77,"18 Months has a certain set of goals in its sights, and Harris (alongside an all-star roster of vocalists and co-producers) resoundingly achieves these goals."
Drowned In Sound,70,"18 Months neatly packs Calvin's hits from the last year and a half into a solid playlist."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Of the nine songs that aren't singles already, four are cut from the same cloth as the hits: each one desperately vying to be the tune you most want to be dancing to when the realisation hits that you're out, the night is young, and everything is brilliant."
DJ Booth,63,"Despite that variety [of male collaborations], 18 Months only deepens the impression that Harris is best when linked with a lady; his skills in that area are several times more developed than they are anywhere else."
Los Angeles Times,60,"18 Months shows Harris to be a solid producer with an easily identifiable sound."
No Ripcord,60,"This album feels more like a deserved victory lap than a forward step or a new instalment, but apart from his sole vocal on 'Feel So Close', the victor seems oddly absent."
The Quietus,60,"The poorest served is hapless Ellie Goulding, struggling against the hurtling momentum of 'I Need Your Love'; more successful is Florence Welch on 'Sweet Nothing'."
Slant Magazine,60,"Harris's production has become increasingly homogenised and, despite the array of vocalists, everything here risks sounding the same."
Consequence of Sound,58,"His new album is called 18 Months, but it doesn't sound like it took anywhere near that long to make."
PopMatters,58,"This album is less a monument to the human experience and more a harbinger of the rise of the machines."
AllMusic,50,"While 18 Months, Harriss third solo full-length, is pretty much the hit-making monster that launched him in to the world spotlight, the truth of the matter is that it feels like a rather compromised vision of who he is an artist, sacrificing his quirkiness for a brooding new persona that starts to get stale over the course of a complete full-length."
BBC Music,50,"Unfortunately, tracks like [Rihanna's 'We Found Love'] and, to a lesser extent, Welch's slightly crowded 'Sweet Nothing' float like life rafts atop a sugary sea of tunes that will be the soundtrack of television commercials for months to come."
Slant Magazine,40,"this sounds like the soundtrack to the hell of cheese-ball Las Vegas bottle service clubs."
Sputnikmusic,40,"In a half-hearted effort to dilute the homogeneity, Harris grouts 18 Months with flimsy instrumentals, as if to create the illusion of a proper album. He's not fooling anyone--maybe not even himself. [Dec 2012, p.108]"
Entertainment Weekly,40,"For all the pop divas he has roped in, there's a veneer of cynical, laddy EDM, resulting in the kind of tracks Skrillex might come up with on an Ayia Napa booze cruise."
AllMusic,20,"18 Months has all the makings of a smash hit, but if you're looking for substance, you're better off looking elsewhere."

Rolling Stone,91,"I like the feisty ones, as I generally do. But 'Begin Again' and especially 'Stay Stay Stay' stay happy and hit just as hard."
Slant Magazine,86,"Red is her most interesting full-length to date, but it probably won't be when all is said and done in her career."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),85,"It's sexy, daring, and complete."
Q Magazine,83,"It's magnificent at times, but it's also complicated and sometimes unfocused."
Clash Music,83,"One gets the feeling that it's not this guy's love she's after. She's just using him for the breakup songs. This time around, it's getting harder to feel sorry for Swift."
PopMatters,80,"Hearing Taylor Swift sing makes you remember these things, how you can wax poetic one day about the efficacy of love to change lives permanently for the better, and the next rail about how love leads only to pain and heartache."
musicOMH.com,80,"She's constructed something so precise its success seems preordained, but underneath it all, Taylor is still twitchy, which makes Red not just catchy but compelling."
BBC Music,80,"If you're at a different stage of life than she is, it can be exhausting trying to keep up with the succession of emotions to which she deftly gives voice, but also downright exhilarating."
The Independent (UK),80,"Whatever it is, this music is full of adult pleasures."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"As ever, Swift seems to know just the right phrase to pull you inside her break-up narratives."
Chicago Tribune,80,"Swift has a knack for romance."
American Songwriter,75,"Red is a big record that reaches for Importance and occasionally touches it, filled with well-constructed pop songs Taylor-made for bedroom duets."
AllMusic,70,"Taken individually, most of the songs are accomplished and engaging (though we could certainly have done without the dreary Sad Beautiful Tragic) but Speak Now was such a coherent work that Red can't help but feel modestly disappointing."
Boston Globe,70,"For all its manufactured essence, Red remains firmly grounded at the crossroads between innocence and experience."
Spin,70,"Money and success can be just as good a fable as Romeo and Juliet, and Swift is deft enough to make a point of and poke fun at her fairytale stardom."
The New York Times,70,"Red may not be a bona fide country album, but it could very well be a pop masterpiece, more in line with P!nk's latest, The Truth About Love, than even Red's predecessor, Speak Now."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"She's a quick-witted lyricist with a sharp eye."
Rolling Stone,70,"It's not Bob Dylan, but the songwriting is leagues ahead of where Swift was as recently as two years ago."
Slant Magazine,70,"Whether she's real-talking Jake Gyllenhaal ('We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together') or fantasizing about crashing 'a yacht-club party' ... her self-discovery project is one of the best stories in pop. When she's really on, her songs are like tattoos."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"More varied in its offerings, but also more disjointed than her previous work, Red sounds like a transitional album for Swift."
Mojo,60,"If Red is ultimately too uneven to be a truly great pop album, its highlights are career-best work for Swift, who now sounds like the pop star she was destined to be all along."
NOW Magazine,60,"It's frustrating, then, when Swift reverts back to type. Too many of the songs on this bloated 16-track album revisit the gently strummed verses and characterless choruses of her previous work."
Drowned In Sound,40,"As it stands for now though, Red is a mixed bag, and it's up to you to sort through the majority-holding bad in order to find the good."

The Observer (UK),60,"As it is, it's simply the next Leona Lewis album."
The Guardian,60,"This long-delayed third album sets out to make the Hackney diva 'current' again."
The A.V. Club,60,"It's a sonic monument to marvel at, not a piece of art that's asking for your engagement."
Fact Magazine (UK),60,"Granted, much of the record is still given over to quaking ballads like Fingerprint--an area where Adele now has the advantage--but several tracks demand attention."
The Quietus,60,"They've pushed unconvincing edginess with clubbier sounds, including the title track, an overloaded mess of dubstep breaks and house beats."
Los Angeles Times,50,"As a whole, Glassheart is listenable, with a few ups and downs in terms of the quality of the tracks, but does tend to keep to a very steady keel of mediocrity without much deviation."


Pitchfork,100,"Until the last two songs, whose overwrought drama I don't have to like just because I trust its verisimilitude, they hit every time."
No Ripcord,100,"The storytelling on The Truth About Love, Pink's sixth album and first full-length since 2008's Funhouse, is unfalteringly vibrant, loaded with righteous anger, irreverence, and a clear eye for the darker side."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),90,"It's weird and willfully, proudly human, a big pop album about real emotions and one of P!nk's wildest rides."
Consequence of Sound,86,"The Truth About Love is a peerlessly witty, endlessly melodic tour de force."
The Telegraph (UK),80,"It's just a shame she gave album space to Mariah-slick motivational ballads such as The Great Escape, which detract from an otherwise fierce record."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),70,"Pink works best as a one-woman army."
Uncut,70,"Truth falls in line with the Kelly-Ke$ha-Katy dance-pop fare du jour."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"On her sixth album, The Truth About Love, the singer-songwriter born Alecia Moore continues her winning ways."
AllMusic,70,"Her sixth studio album, The Truth About Love, is, as usual, an assortment of potential singles."
PopMatters,67,"If The Truth About Love finds her more content than on Funhouse (which fed off of conflicting, confusing, and not altogether flattering feelings about the mess of her personal life), she's still ambivalent about her contentment."
Rolling Stone,63,"It's not the left-field pop classic she seems capable of one day creating, but it also contains a handful of tracks that laser in on exactly what she does best."
The Independent (UK),60,"Maybe not a wholly successful album then, but at its best, The Truth About Love proves that Pink can still credibly compete with the pop stars she helped to inspire."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"For major label singer-songwriter stuff, not bad. Moore knows her way around hooks."
HipHopDX,60,"At her best, she is pop's most galvanizing tough broad, but her sixth LP devolves into self parody."
The A.V. Club,60,"Pink thankfully hasn't gone soft, and there are no real clunkers here, but the truth about The Truth About Love is that it's competently, often frustratingly more of the same from an artist who still seems capable of much more."
Los Angeles Times,40,"[The Truth About Love] veers between two modes: workmanlike ballads delivered with beyond-workmanlike shading; and chunky guitar pop stuffed with shouty, bad-girl choruses. Unfortunately the second dominates."


Fact Magazine (UK),80,"The Owl City duet is a bit of a misstep, as is the Justin Bieber collaboration, but two just okay songs and 14 great ones is better than most acts can manage on their greatest hits packages, let alone their second album."
Pitchfork,80,"There's something to be said for Jepsen's girl-next-door persona, which helps make Kiss one of 2012's best, and sweetest, pop albums."
DJ Booth,76,"The result is an album that comes on a bit strong, but has the pop pedigree to avoid any major missteps."
Rolling Stone,75,"Jepsen's strong new album, 'Kiss,' feels like a successful attempt to invest pheromone-rush dance pop with a bit of old-soul wisdom."
Paste Magazine,70,"Jepsen proves she has more talent than half of the stars out there, managing to not only sell virtually every word on the album but also managing to make it all sound off-the-cuff and effortless, ultimately creating a bubbly pop playground that is both catchy and endearing without having to turn base or crude to get there."
The Guardian,70,"There are no excursions into dubstep, no guest rappers and no raunchiness, just good clean wholesome party (as in jelly and ice-cream) fun."
Sputnikmusic,67,"On Kiss, her U.S. debut, Jepsen makes a mad dash for good-enoughness."
NOW Magazine,60,"Pleasant, sung well, and firmly in the middle of the road."
AllMusic,50,"Carly Rae Jespen's strengths, which have been roundly declared adequate by the immense popularity of her single 'Call Me Maybe,' are her simplicity and directness."
The New York Times,50,"Kiss too often defaults to mediocre dance pop like the Owl City collaboration 'Good Time'  heavy on Disney-fied thump, light on memorable hooks that might highlight her unassuming adorableness."
Consequence of Sound,40,"Perhaps the global impact of the massive Call Me Maybe is what makes the album as a whole feel like a damp squib, but with or without US Marine parody videos, the rest of the album fizzles out into synth-pop oblivion."
BBC Music,40,"On this album, her voice is still her Achilles heel; she's a 26-year-old who sounds 16, and a colourless 16 at that."
The Independent (UK),40,"The rest of Kiss is like opening a tweenager's diary (titles include 'Tonight I'm Getting Over You') and setting it to synthy, house beats, but nothing has the crossover appeal of that debut single."

Entertainment Weekly,90,"Dazzling."
Okayplayer,80,"Good Morning to the Night is a truly remarkable record, one that will repay your deep and repeated listening tenfold. [Aug 2012, p.99]"
DIY Magazine,80,"Refreshingly unpredictable, this is a blueprint for what remix albums should aspire to."
BBC Music,80,"The results here are surprisingly congenial, their sparkle only slightly subdued by the breathy reverb that swathes everything in a sonic dust entirely appropriate to the 1970s source."
Clash Music,80,"With treasurable details  the dubbed-up refrain of 'Black Icy Stare', the Merseybeat-ish groove of 'Karmatron'  feeding into an overall ambience of lotus-eating sensuality."
AllMusic,70,"Even if it's not necessarily the kind of music that would make it into regular rotation, it's inventive and fun, which is more than enough for a project like this."
DJ Booth,70,"The results range from danceable ('Phoenix', 'Sad') to unnerving ('Telegraph To The Afterlife', 'Sixty') and give off an atmosphere of ghostly melancholy that subtly subverts Elton's reputation as a cosy British institution."
Q Magazine,60,"It's a little too polite to beak new ground, but it certainly draws attention to more than a dozen fine--and largely overlooked--melodies from Elton's golden era. [Sep 2012, p.91]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Good Morning To The Night is not going to reinvent the wheel, provide breathtaking new revelations on Elton John's back catalogue or shine new light on Pnau's songwriting abilities....But for all of that, toes will tap."
Consequence of Sound,60,"This is then a collision of musical styles that is totally appropriate and which reflects well on both parties."
The Independent (UK),60,"At its best, shimmering and Balearic, the process makes dreamy summertime listening, but when it misfires, it may as well be sent straight to your local winebar."

Alternative Press,83,"Marina Diamandis rivals Katy Perry for catchy hooks, commands with the swagger of Gwen Stefani, and even comes close to the ethereal vocal exhilaration of Florence Welch."
XXL,70,"Diamandis is trying to expose the artifice of big-box pop music by using its own voice, and despite the obvious trappings of the concept, she does a fairly respectable job."
Rolling Stone,70,"Electra Heart manages to balance the ironic and the heartfelt, the quirky and the mainstream, the real and the fake with remarkable aplomb."
Billboard.com,60,"Whether she'll increase her fanbase on this second album by cloaking her naked ambition in the character of a self-obsessed bunny boiler called Electra Heart remains to be seen, but she's certainly given it everything. [May 2012, p.78]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Electra Heart is too professional to be truly terrible, but it's never clever enough to be more than merely toytown."
AllMusic,60,"Electra Heart showcases glimpses of a clever, ballsy pop star."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"She's somewhere beneath some half-hearted songs, a confused concept and someone else's image."
Los Angeles Times,59,"Whilst there's no getting past some of the duller and more unbearable material on this record ... if she'd made a record full of songs as unaffected as these four ['Lies,' 'Starring Role,' 'Power & Control,' 'Living Dead'], Electra Heart could be one of the year's most acclaimed pop albums."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),50,"Not sure-footed enough in its subversion, its artificiality feels fake rather than carefully plotted."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"Electra Heart is a reasonably fun listen, and even if it falls short of its stratospheric ambition, still has more to say than many of Marina's contemporaries."
Spin,40,"Electra Heart sounds high on concept, low on songs. [Jun 2012, p.108]"
musicOMH.com,40,"On Electra Heart, Diamandis trades her cabaret post-punk vocal histrionics and thrift-store chic for an unconvincing Jacqueline Susann bombshell image and more overtly top-40-friendly sound."
The Guardian,40,"These prom queen themes have had a more intriguing musical treatment from Lana del Rey."
The Telegraph (UK),40,"Over brutish electro-stomps and fizzy pop trifles every bit as sickly as that suggests, Marina's shrill Violet Elizabeth Bott inflections proclaim her emptiness."
No Ripcord,30,"The problem here isn't Dr Luke smothering Marina's idiosyncracies so much as Marina/Electra herself crafting them into something paper-thin and paper-cut annoying."
AllMusic,10,"'Electra heart' is an ingloriously languid statement of Marina's demise, the final stamp of disapproval on her flailing excuse of a musical career."

HipHopDX,70,"Overall, Fortune further indicates a changing of the guard in urban music, as Chris Brown's feel good songs find his most staunch advocates willing to overlook his lowered standards of musical content."
DJ Booth,70,"The truth is in the eye of the beholder, and with easily accessible albums like Fortune, there will continue to be a lot of eyes on Chris Brown."
Boston Globe,50,"Fortune reveals an artist more concerned with calculating than creating."
Rolling Stone,50,"Chris Brown's fifth studio album, Fortune, is a pure-pop candy cane, meant to be enjoyed, consumed and forgotten."
The New York Times,42,"Almost nothing here swerves out of Fortune's featherweight club-funk cruising lane."
Sputnikmusic,40,"'Don't Wake Me Up,' a thumping club cut that's irresistible on an otherwise forgettable album."
The A.V. Club,40,"Brown brags about his extra-large condoms, and, on 'Don't Judge Me,' turns a tender love song into a Twitter rant against 'haters.'"
Pitchfork,40,"The album's most compelling sounds get saddled with songs either forgettable ('Trumpet Lights') or regrettable ('Mirage,' a sinuous reggae fusion that's Nas-boosted but unnecessarily nasty)."
NOW Magazine,40,"Some of the productions, courtesy of the Runners, Adonis, and Kevin McCall, save it from being a disaster."
The Observer (UK),40,"This is not a great album."
Consequence of Sound,40,"Fortune is never terrible. It just feels cripplingly pointless."
New Musical Express (NME),25,"Not all of Fortune is so unctuous, but none of it is inspired."
Chicago Tribune,20,"Fortune is another overload of poor decisions."
Los Angeles Times,0,"Fortune is the kind of record that will please Brown's many deluded female fans, but we cannot with good conscience give it a single star."

Slant Magazine,85,"While not every song is up to a 'Moves Like Jagger' or 'Payphone' standard hook-wise, the co-writers and producers never stopped breaking into new grounds for the band throughout the record."
BBC Music,70,"It's top-shelf radio sucrose."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),60,"It's when he deviates from the plastic norm that he actually sounds most awkward."
The Independent (UK),60,"Overexposed is rather patchy and its highs are countered by some fairly wretched lows."
PopMatters,60,"The band's newest album is likely to alienate longtime followers and music snobs alike, but will undoubtedly excite newer fans who embraced their massive smash hit 'Moves Like Jagger.'"
BBC Music,60,"Overexposed may not hold together as well as that album [Hands All Over ], but it's sure to keep the audience won over by The X Factor."
AllMusic,60,"The hooklines and characteristic high-shine production are there, but don't quite replicate 2011 single Moves Like Jagger's blue-sky charm."
Consequence of Sound,58,"On much of the album, which never quite finds a balance between rock grit and dance-pop glitz, Maroon 5 barely sound like a band at all."
Rolling Stone,50,"Overexposed is not a great album, but that doesn't mean it's not interesting. What we're hearing is the band actually learning to have fun again, and with any luck, they'll only get better from here."
Slant Magazine,50,"'Sad' is an Adele-apeing weepie, 'Payphone' has a guest rap from Wiz Khalifa, and both 'Lucky Strike' and 'Fortune Teller' feature cod-dubstep breakdowns."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"It marks the first time Maroon 5 has completely receded into its songs' glossy production."
Los Angeles Times,40,"Otherwise every passing second is a vocal battle against a declining attention span, like a clicked finger in the face, forever."
Rolling Stone,40,"Maroon 5's sudden decline with the Mutt Lange-produced Hands All Over seems unlikely to be significantly overturned by the lacklustre Overexposed."
The New York Times,20,"The sooner this bunch of plums fade back into obscurity, the better."

The Observer (UK),88,"It might be the year's most beautifully sung recording."
AllMusic,83,"It's a prime showcase for his new voice and burgeoning mettle, proving that Bieber isn't just maturing, he's evolving."
The A.V. Club,80,"The beats here are deft as well as driving. Surprisingly, EDM stylings such as the juddering bassline of As Long As You Love Me work well with his plaintive and still unmistakeably teenage voice."
The New York Times,80,"Believe has enough strong material to keep most of the followers satisfied for another year, while elders should feel relieved that nothing is as sickly sweet as 'Baby.'"
Village Voice,80,"Justin Bieber's new album not only finds him becoming an artist for adults on his own terms, but showcasing impressively distinctive tones and translating an innate charisma across many styles."
PopMatters,74,"Overall, Believe sinks its tendrils into the listener's brain by riding the dance music phenomenon and offering some whizz-bang production alongside Bieber's sticky-sweet singing voice."
Slant Magazine,70,"Believe doesn't always live up to the standards of its best cuts."
cokemachineglow,67,"Believe is most appealing when Bieber either emulates his mentor Usher-on dance-R&B tracks like 'Boyfriend' (which remains one of 2012's best pop singles) or the slinky deluxe-edition track 'Out Of Town Girl'-or plays to his basest, and best, pop instincts, like the aforementioned Jackson-aping 'Die In Your Arms' or the Diplo-assisted head-rush 'Thought Of You.'"
Pitchfork,60,"A mostly harmless exercise in selling records."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"The more aggressive bangers are effective, though Bieber gets eclipsed by everything else going on in the tracks."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"His gently sparkling persona can get overwhelmed by all the sonic gear-switching, technological tomfoolery and sweaty come-ons; it can all feel a bit rushed."
Sputnikmusic,50,"Though his new voice has the rambunctiousness that pubescence assumes, it's also marked with the timorousness that's less often celebrated, but equally omnipresent among vocalists trying to figure out the limits of their new range."
The Independent (UK),40,"Lyrical awkwardness abounds."
NOW Magazine,40,"The blandness of the R&B pop-soul arrangements simply throws attention on to the repetitive narrowness of Bieber's delivery."

DJ Booth,90,"At its best, a truly next-level soul album. One that has the warm, organic feel of R&B and deep pop hooks, but also the pulsating low-end and shimmering keyboard flourishes of EDM."
BBC Music,80,"This is still a record pushing the boundaries of what modern R&B music can be and still keep its audience. Usher sounds and looks good out on that cutting edge."
Boston Globe,80,"Looking 4 Myself isn't a classic, it's just not, but until I hear better, it's the best R&B album of the year."
XXL,80,"Looking 4 Myself is bloated and self-conscious, but when it hits the spot it's a feast of detailed, brilliantly gleaming R&B."
AllMusic,76,"Where the experimentation often succeeds, the editing fails."
Consequence of Sound,75,"An Usher album that is good, but not great."
No Ripcord,75,"It's more pop than it is revolutionary, but within its 14 songs are a number of fantastic steps forward."
Rolling Stone,75,"He's always been popular, but now he sounds cool."
RapReviews.com,70,"The 14 tracks on Looking 4 Myself leave the listener enticed, mainly because there is no pattern to what the next song has to offer."
Spin,70,"Without any quality control or stylistic cohesion, Usher stumbles into his best record since Confessions. If only this was better planned."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Far from the bold reinvention initially promised, its restless energy masks over most missteps."
Chicago Tribune,70,"The only thing that rings false on Usher's seventh LP is the title."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Compared to Usher's previous album, this is weighted more heavily toward dance-pop, much of which is functional and well made but unremarkable."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Ultimately, Looking 4 Myself reveals Usher as lost within the genre pick 'n' mix as he ever was; but inbetween its shortcomings, this seventh album sees him beaming proudly through a new and exciting sound."
HipHopDX,67,"Although few of these songs rank among his best, it's a pleasure to hear a great performer branch out, following whims and taking risks as he tests new ways to work his voice."
cokemachineglow,60,"It's more about sound quality and songwriting than the calculated brand-building of his recent releases."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),60,"Unavoidably uneven but fresh."
Q Magazine,60,"The groupthink does drain some of the individuality and soul from the process."
The Telegraph (UK),60,"For every hit... there are a couple of misses."

Entertainment Weekly,100,"The rest of Vows is equally fresh and surprising, its genre leaps held together by Kimbra's pliant coo."
The Wire,80,"The intricate rhythms are the link between these disparate songs, all of which--scattergun or not--are absolutely beguiling."
The Guardian,80,"Kimbra has created a sparkling, witty debut that hymns commitment at every turn. [Sep 2012, p.102]"
AllMusic,76,"Vows is a step ahead of your average candy-coated pop. [#48]"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Vows is a striking, though not impeccable, debut record."
The New York Times,70,"Kimbra's voice is strong, her beats are catchy, and after listening to the full 55-minute album, you're not quite sure what just happened, but you know you kind of liked it."
The Guardian,70,"It's difficult to remember what happened, though you're fairly sure you enjoyed a great deal of it."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Vows gives R&B a wacky art-rock spin, with a cappella vocal chorales mutating into sumptuous funk pop."
AllMusic,70,"While neither reinterpretations of the past nor genre hopping are unique in the world of pop, it's the effortless way that Kimbra does it all that makes Vows a compelling listen."
The New York Times,70,"Kimbra certainly has the voice, and, at least for now, the production to foment both critical praise and mainstream success, provided she can find an audience with enough patience for such carefully plotted music."
Slant Magazine,70,"For the most part, Kimbra's invention is a marvel to behold, as her enchanting and swooping jazz-pop tones glide across a veritable feast of sounds"
Spin,70,"It's at times overwhelming, occasionally downtrodden, but will never leave you feeling bored."
NOW Magazine,63,"Kimbra's American fame may have come on the heels of someone else's single, but there's a vision here that's entirely her own."
Boston Globe,40,"When Kimbra acts her age, she's interesting and fun. When she doesn't, you can't help but wonder how much of that vocal showboating is a singer's equivalent to playing dress-up in a glamorous older aunt's closet, all posing and no play."
Rolling Stone,40,"There are moments of brilliance, but it's bogged down by the kind of watery filler an older, more mature artist would have largely filtered out."
The A.V. Club,40,"Not much here creeps up on you so engagingly [as on Gotye's 'Someone That I Used to Know.']"

Sputnikmusic,75,"Their debut delivers seven tracks of adorkable hip-pop originals. [11 May 2012, p.67]"
The Independent (UK),50,"On its official debut, Karmin sidesteps creative expectations by simply sounding like every other pop act going."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),30,"There's always a sense that she and Noonan believe they're lowering themselves to sing pop music, that they are better, smarter, funnier than the music they're making...and that alienating smug entitlement is impossible to shake even when the productions are appealing, as they are through half of Hello."
Alternative Press,30,"Karmin can make you hate pop music."

Rock Sound,89,"In an already impressive, multi-platinum career, Blown Away is a landmark achievement."
Chicago Tribune,83,"When she's a good girl, she's very good--but Bad Carrie just sounds better."
Los Angeles Times,80,"This is easily Carrie's most well-rounded and confident work to date."
AllMusic,80,"While previous efforts seemed a bit unfocused and disseminated, Blown Away is more thematic and unified, resulting in Underwood's strongest effort to date, which easily leaves her previous releases twisting in the wind."
Rolling Stone,80,"She's meant to be be a superstar and she's never seemed as comfortable with her calling as she does on Blown Away."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Everything else [besides 'Good in Goodbye' and 'One Way Ticket'] is worth hearing, learning, and trying to love."
Boston Globe,70,"While the album starts bold and mechanically impressive, it gets progressively quieter over the course of its first half, as if she were taking a break from fire-breathing... [Yet] relaxation is not her milieu."
The A.V. Club,60,"However predictable the package, there's fun to be had in these tales of bad dads, cheating husbands and cold, cold hearts, and Underwood delivers them with sweet purposefulness."
Kerrang!,60,"This is nebulous pop music dressed up in country fringe, zoomed out so far that Underwood never nails anything in particular."
Consequence of Sound,60,"Although the album is still a far cry from being great on its own merits or from being a fully realized, well-calibrated statement of artistic identity, it's nonetheless a welcome surprise to hear Underwood finally making some substantive headway toward recording music that aspires to be more than merely pleasant and safe."
Kerrang!,50,"Underwood's voice is as powerful as ever, but Blown Away tries too hard, ratcheting up melodrama with strings and effects."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"Mostly, though, Blown Away finds her using her remarkable voice to deliver feel-good bromides."

Boston Globe,91,"Though Clouds occasionally overstretches (see the eye-rolling high school yearbook fodder 'Just a Sign'), B.o.B's confidence serves him well; the fact that he can funnel all that pop froth and still go toe-to-toe with scene-stealer Minaj on the blippy 'Out of My Mind' is impressive testament to his infectious, unflappable cool."
AllMusic,80,"The [album] is exuberant and enthusiastic, and its architect bops along with an unapologetically clean-cut strut."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Strange Clouds isn't perhaps as thrilling as Adventures, mostly because the thrill of the unknown is gone, but B.o.B.'s second album is superior in almost every respect."
PopMatters,80,"Strange Clouds is a sophomore album that straddles genre lines but does so with an authenticity that many rappers testing the pop waters lack."
Spin,80,"B.o.B.'s sophomore record shows he is one of the top hit-makers in contemporary pop."
Rolling Stone,75,"Despite the superficial trappings of Strange Clouds his talent still breaks through the atmospheric turbulence and shines down on the listener."
The A.V. Club,70,"The misplaced agendas piercing Strange Clouds are minor hindrances to an otherwise creditable album that has enough juice to maintain significant staying power."
The Guardian,70,"He's blessed with a gift for clear language, rarely missing his point and delivering his thoughtful lines with flinty disdain."
AllMusic,70,"This is bold pop-rap at an 'Arena' level, and while partying like a rock star means cohesiveness takes a hit, Strange Clouds is still thrilling and persuasive."
The A.V. Club,60,"Although much of the album is a gumbo of music industry A-listers, there are enough solo gems to show how much more talented than the average Bobby Ray really is. [#252, p.88]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"The flow of Strange Clouds tends to vary between songs that are helping make the album great ('So Good,' 'Arena,' 'So Hard to Breathe'), and then the ones that keep pushing it down the route of a sophomore slump ('Ray Bands,' 'Just a Sign,' 'Play for Keeps'). Right when there's about to be a trend of some consistency, it ends up falling short."
HipHopDX,60,"In his heated drawl, his lovely singing, his producing and guitar- and piano-playing, B.o.B shows off a vast talent. But when the record ends, you just want to hear the Dr. Luke beats again."
DJ Booth,50,"The album has no theme and at the end of the day we still don't know who B.o.B. is outside of his affinity for protective eye wear. We just know that he is capable of more than Strange Clouds."
The New York Times,50,"Strange Clouds is ultimately too weighed down by joy-killing self-importance to match [his] debut's hit ratio."
Boston Globe,50,"B.o.B. has been adamant about his latest album being created organically, yet that doesn't justify the lack of cohesion or quality found on Strange Clouds."
The Observer (UK),30,"Focus-grouped, paranoid and please-all."

BBC Music,83,"It's the perfect soundtrack for partying all night--but still sneaking home before your parents notice."
musicOMH.com,80,"Ultimately, there is a musical sophistication and higher maturity level to the Wanted's sound than you might expect."
Rolling Stone,68,"Nothing on The Wanted's debut U.S. EP comes close to 'Glad You Came,' but the extended play contains a number of fine-tuned melodies that could succeed the group's latest radio hit"
Slant Magazine,40,"The Wanted take cues from Coldplay ('Clocks'-style piano shows up on 'Gold Forever') and Kings of Leon ('Use Somebody' moans swirl around 'Lose My Mind') to no avail, and their dance pop droops where it should bounce."
The Independent (UK),37,"Though saucier and sleeker than its peers, the Wanted isn't nearly as fun....But none of the guys has an especially charismatic--or even distinguishable--voice."

Los Angeles Times,80,"While the album title suggests that Winston's talents may be less than genuine, King Con is never anything less than truly inspired."
NOW Magazine,74,"For the most part, though, King Con's an enjoyable collection, one that presents Winston as an artist with a strong enough personality to overcome that dip and to stand out in a scene where it can be hard to make an impression."
AllMusic,70,"Though the album overstays some of its freshness by the closing tracks, nearly everything Winston sings up to 'Sister Wife' adds an inspired spin on common pop idioms."
Billboard.com,70,"It's damn smart and it's damn catchy."
BBC Music,70,"A rousing and eye-opening full-length debut."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),70,"It's oddly accomplished, and Winston's classical background shines through."
The Telegraph (UK),68,"Winston has grown since the release of her initial 2010 EP; however, it would have been nice to hear her stray a bit from the indie-pop formula that's garnered her a following in the first place."
RapReviews.com,60,"Alex Winston is capable of writing some excellent indie-pop gems, she just hasn't figured out to do it with consistency."
The A.V. Club,60,"King Con is essentially a pop record full of catchy melodies and a shrieking singing style that will either set your heart aflutter or prompt you to punch a wall. [May 2012, p.84]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"It's a little one-paced and unlikely to win prizes for originality, but King Con has enough kooky charm to entertain, if not enchant. [April 2012, p.107]"
PopMatters,50,"It feels too affected to be truly effecting."
The Independent (UK),40,"A joyless listen in and of itself, sure--but moreover, this is a puzzling eyesore exemplifying quite how this process of constructing and immediately normalising eccentricity can still have an appeal."

Rolling Stone,90,"Florence + the Machine's performance deserves its spot in the upper echelon of MTV Unplugged shows."
No Ripcord,80,"She steps up the challenge, revelling in the church-like acoustics and delivering a heart-stopping 'Cosmic Love'. 'Dog Days Are Over' is rendered as fresh and powerful as when you first heard it, rather than the supermarket shopping soundtrack it's now become."
The Guardian,70,"This chilled-out collection is an easy, pleasant listen, but it is far from an essential purchase for anyone except Florence completists."
BBC Music,70,"Her singing is stunning; this should be credited to Florence and the Vibrato."
Boston Globe,60,"It is her once feral voice, now markedly more controlled, which proves most impressive here. [Jun 2012, p.88]"
Slant Magazine,60,"An impressive show, but not one likely to persuade doubters."
Entertainment Weekly,59,"It displays the boundlessness of her vocal talent but finds her tethered to a frustratingly limited aesthetic."
The A.V. Club,50,"Midtempo tracks like 'Only if for a Night,' 'No Light, No Light,' and 'What the Water Gave Me,' the latter of which finds Welch in full control of the room by the song's second half, are soulful, spooky, and bold."
Dot Music,40,"By removing the strident, strange production values of Drumming Song or Cosmic Love, for example, their original appeal is bleached out, and those not enamoured with that Welch wail will find no refuge in this state."

AllMusic,91,"If you enjoy contemporary pop whose market-tested blare offends both rockist philistines and IDM aesthetes, her second album is a worthwhile investment."
Rolling Stone,80,"Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded, like a Whitman's Sampler, has something chewy for everyone."
Los Angeles Times,80,"If you believe that art and commerce and provocation and fun  and hip- hop and disco and teen pop  can all be one and the same, here's a record for you."
The Guardian,80,"You can see Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded as a great rap album dragged down by pandering, but you could equally see it as a triumph that one of the biggest pop records of the year leads off with a half-dozen tracks of blistering, filthy, idea-jammed hip-hop."
AllMusic,75,"It may not be a definitive knockout punch, but she can keep her title."
PopMatters,74,"Minaj is at her best-at her most compelling, most ingenious, most human-when she indulges every weird mannerism that comes into her busy brain."
musicOMH.com,70,"Nicki's shining moments are her straight-up, hip-hop tracks. [#252, p.87]"
BBC Music,70,"At 22 tracks, its formulaic and mechanistic approach begins to wear thin at times--there's just too much going on to properly digest it all--but as a compendium of chart-ready fodder, Nicki has honed in on precisely what works for her with remarkable ease."
Dot Music,70,"The album unfolds an immeasurable amalgam of genres and inspirations, all fused together in a diamond-encrusted bubble of futuristic, day-glo hip hop. The energy is palpable, the pace rarely lets up, and personality pervades throughout."
The Telegraph (UK),67,"On all of these songs, Nicki is dartboard focused-- she's rapping harder here than on almost anything from Pink Friday...  But much of Roman Reloaded sweats with a too-big-to-fail desperation."
Entertainment Weekly,67,"While Roman Reloaded is certainly more confident than the too-safe Pink Friday, Minaj might need to mature a couple more albums' worth before she's capable of wrangling the many Nickis into coherence."
Boston Globe,60,"Roman Reloaded's triumphs all come early, on the album's hip-hop front end. In full flow, Minaj remains a delight."
Spin,60,"Overlong at 19 tracks, it has its moments."
Uncut,60,"Halfway through, as guest rappers stop littering the proceedings, the album does a 90-degree shift and becomes a banging club affair, stuffed with David Guetta-style synth-stompers."
AllMusic,60,"Unfortunately, her adventurous side is rarely heard in the more radio-friendly jams, which are heartfelt and catchy but less inspired."
Dot Music,60,"More than it's lack of rap, Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded suffers most from not fully being any one thing, as it's unable to balance multiple approaches into one package."
The Guardian,60,"Cut the iffy pop off these 19 tracks and you're left with Roman's true four-star empire, but as it is, Roman Reloaded is a frustrating mix of significant and skippable."
The Independent (UK),60,"Pop Star Nicki is still going strong so her fans should have nothing to worry about, but those of us who started collecting with the original line should probably just find a new hobby-Mixtape Nicki has been discontinued."
RapReviews.com,60,"It's not a classic album, but its contents implicitly argue that the concept of a 'classic album' has become irrelevant in 2012 anyway."
The New York Times,55,"A missed opportunity to progress."
Slant Magazine,50,"It lumps together all the rap tracks on the first half, and lets the pop fluff fill the rest."
BBC Music,50,"Pink Friday: Roman's Revenge isn't bad because of Minaj's cross-dressing it is bad because she often tries on some very banal, characterless outfits."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"It shows range, sure, but it feels so disparate that it's just baffling. Worse, none of these poses and personae actually feel convincing."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),50,"Here both the production and Nicki's delivery border on absurdist theater, at one point devolving into Nicki literally making noises."
No Ripcord,50,"The result is a disjointed, artistically confused release that's not only way too long but also doesn't really ring true as an 'album' at all, at least if your definition is a collection of new songs with a central premise or statement that one listens to from start to finish."
The A.V. Club,40,"A recipe for disaster which tries to please everybody and ends up being enjoyed by nobody."
PopMatters,40,"Nicki Minaj's second album is pop postmodernity in an advanced state of hollow, banal meaningless, and the first causality is Minaj herself."
Rolling Stone,30,"Tacked on to this mediocre rap album is a ghastly and desperate bid for a hit single that sees Minaj and producer RedOne snatching items from a veritable sale rack of tired Top 40 tricks and tossing them hastily over the most basic synth and drum-machine presets."
musicOMH.com,20,"While it's a whopping 19 tracks, half the album is nothing more than bargain-basement pop knockoffs of everyone from Beyonc to Keri Hilson."
NOW Magazine,10,"By doubling down on her cartoonish elements, she's lost all remnants of lyrical ingenuity she around the time 'Monster' first leaked, let alone her various mixtapes."

Pitchfork,80,"This does have the familiar tunes, so it serves its purpose."
Drowned In Sound,70,"A cipher for good songs rather than the reasons those songs are good she may be, but there are few that do it better."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"The quality of the material on Dance Again varies ... but it's clear much of the blame for Lopez's disappearance from the pop charts prior to 'On the Floor' was a precipitous decline in quality that began with 2005's irritating 'Get Right.'"
Expert Witness (MSN Music),40,"A huge chunk of the record comes across as a potent reminder that even at the height of her powers, Lopez tended to provide second-rate, filler radio pop which was distinctly inferior to what Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera, and even Shakira were pumping out at the time."

The A.V. Club,75,"On her debut full-length Dev goes (slightly) deeper. [30 Mar 2012, p.75]"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"The Night the Sun Came Up is a track-by-track success, offering readily accessible bits of dance-pop sass or dance-pop bliss whenever they're desired."
Hartford Courant,70,"California club pop chirper Dev's debut is as stark as it is sweet."
The Telegraph (UK),50,"The Night the Sun Came Up fails to back up her claim that she's more than just a Ke$ha clone."

NOW Magazine,91,"Play loud. She's smart and she's proud."
Rolling Stone,80,"MDNA's dirty dozen rank it her best since, in all sincerity, the career high of 1998's Ray Of Light itself. [May 2012, p.88]"
Los Angeles Times,80,"Yes, there are 'Did she really do that?' moments... But'MDNA' is mostly filled with moments when listening to Madonna still feels like the most thrilling thing any pop fan could possibly hope to experience."
No Ripcord,80,"What MDNA does is establish the resurgence of Madonna being the coolest b**** in the room, not because of what she's done, but because of what she's doing."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"When it comes to partaking in pop, MDNA has easily set itself out as 2012's go-to drug of choice."
Dot Music,80,"It's got its faults, but MDNA isn't just a good pop album, it's a good Madonna album too."
AllMusic,80,"MDNA represents a determined, no-nonsense restatement of the Madonna brand."
Spin,75,"Luckily for fans of music and controversy alike, Madonna's compulsions reap musical dividends as she continues to bang into a dance-tastic G-spot, and the results are part sour, part sweet."
Consequence of Sound,75,"It's her best album since 'Ray of Light' in 1998."
Sputnikmusic,70,"No, MDNA can't be hailed as Madge's best ever album, and it may not contain the most thought- provoking lyrics of her career (perhaps an intentional tongue-in-cheek poke at the current state of pop music?), but it is the reigning Queen of Pop's most inspired work since Music, as well as the highly addictive record Madonna celebrants have been craving."
The Guardian,70,"All this exertion leads to an excessively lean album: there's not an ounce of fat on MDNA, it's all overly defined muscle, every element working with designated purpose."
Slant Magazine,70,"MDNA isn't a perfect Madonna album, but it greatly surpasses its immediate predecessors when Madonna cracks that hard candy shell and allows us to get at the gooey emotional center: This is a Madonna who is angry, mournful, occasionally funny, and most of all, specific."
PopMatters,70,"The second half of this album is far more earnest; and in related news, far less fun."
BBC Music,70,"It's a bipolar collection that pumps out effervescent electronic pop before making way for a contentious personal agenda."
Chicago Tribune,70,"In the end, MDNA is a ridiculously enjoyable romp, but oddly not for the bits that are supposed to be fun. Instead, it's the psychotic, soul-bearing stuff that provides listeners with some of the most visceral stuff she's ever done."
Village Voice,70,"Hooks emerge quickly; there's lots of naughtiness for the DJ to bring back, and the music has depth that rewards repeated listening."
The New York Times,70,"MDNA is surprisingly cohesive despite its seven-plus producers."
The Independent (UK),67,"While there are a few genuine moments of double-rainbow bliss here (check the 'whoo-ooh!' chorus of 'I'm a Sinner'), there's also real darkness lurking under the air-popped beats."
The Independent on Sunday (UK),60,"She gets into her stride with French electronic maestro Martin Solveig. [May 2012, p.84]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"A few breakdowns and builds fly off the rails on the clubbier numbers, but the better songs balance shiny, modern production with exuberant melodies and timeless songwriting."
Billboard.com,60,"It's Madonna's conservatism that drags her latest record down to the status of a ragtag collection."
AllMusic,60,"It [the song 'I'm a Sinner'] makes you crave her next album, not this one."
BBC Music,60,"MDNA turns out to be just another Madonna album. It's already had the biggest single-day pre-order in iTunes history: business as usual for the most remarkable business enterprise in pop."
Los Angeles Times,50,"An album that's competent, but equally perfunctory."
DJ Booth,50,"MDNA runs the gamut of quality from ghastly to mediocre to brilliant, but it's not the unmitigated disaster that many feared."
Rolling Stone,50,"Continuing Hard Candy's pattern of awful try-hard title and 'show the young uns you've still got it' bangers, it's disappointing in its lack of ambition."
Slant Magazine,50,"The album offers evidence that the singer has fallen behind, that she is no longer setting the conversation in a genre she essentially invented - blending Top 40 pop with club music."
The A.V. Club,45,"Large chunks of MDNA are shockingly banal, coming across not so much as bad pop songs per se, but as drably competent tunes better suited to D-list Madonna wannabes."
NOW Magazine,40,"[The music] is not exactly bad, but has about as much creativity and passion behind it as a spreadsheet."
Dot Music,40,"Madonna may have done this stuff first, but nowadays Lady Gaga does it better. MDNA? Meh-DNA."
The New York Times,40,"It's a retread of almost everything she's said before in the past 30 years, and though ultimately catchy, it lacks any subtlety or nuance to make you feel this is doing anything but reaching."
Boston Globe,40,"Madonna's infinite varieties have certainly staled."
The Independent (UK),35,"I'd say that MDNA is at the very least 'not bad,' but frankly, it's worse than bad: it's mediocre."
PopMatters,30,"Madonna's 12th album has a good title and a nice cover, but that's almost as much as you can say in its favour. [Jun 2012, p.77]"

No Ripcord,83,"If a tween-pop empire is what these boys are after, they're definitely headed in the right direction."
Billboard.com,70,"As a starting point for One Direction fan memorabilia, for which it appears there is limitless potential for the time being, this is a perfectly sized, and targeted, collection."
AllMusic,70,"Up All Night is a well-crafted slice of pop you can pop bubbles to."
Slant Magazine,50,"One Direction are simply five pretty guys with a few decent songs and not much personality. Call them One Dimension."
Spin,40,"Debut album Up All Night consists of 15 installments of inoffensive daytime radio pop."

BBC Music,83,"Feel-good soul-pop, melodic grrrl-power rhymes, and lush love songs that make even gruff guest Rick Ross sound like a romantic."
Drowned In Sound,80,"In addition to her general growth as an artist, All of Me mainly works due to Estelle having the confidence to let it work instead of over-thinking it."
Uncut,75,"Estelle's thang may not be the most ear-catching or eyebrow-raising out there, but it's as likable as it is listenable."
Boston Globe,75,"The songs are a bit cluttered with cameos from Chris Brown and Trey Songz but they win her independence."
BBC Music,70,"Unwanted Chris Brown presence aside, All Of Me is a coherent, concise album that--hearteningly--is most characterised by its creator's overflowing wells of confidence."
Uncut,70,"Most tracks here make no bones about aiming straight for the radio. Choruses are airy and open, melodies are sticky and straightforward and tend to lodge in your head with or without your approval."
Q Magazine,70,"This is an album you play during a lazy Sunday afternoon, an album you reach for during a long road-trip, and in a way that's far more valuable than the month's new hottest thing."
AllMusic,70,"Co-writer John Legend and guests like Rick Ross and Janelle Mone help Estelle construct a multifaceted album."
Spin,69,"A consistent-not-masterful album like All of Me would still do you some good to hear."
Sputnikmusic,60,"It feels as if Estelle isn't sure what she's about."
Pitchfork,60,"The end result is a mish-mash of styles that leaves this LP somewhere in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean at the turn of the millennium."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Although All Of Me shares that record's [The Miseducation Of Lauryn Hill]  fervour, it lacks its cohesiveness due to a few forgettable pop turns."
Rolling Stone,60,"Much of what remains is pleasant and executed with finesse, yet not as memorable as the majority of The 18th Day or Shine."
Drowned In Sound,60,"[A] comfortable, small and sometimes vague album."
musicOMH.com,50,"The downside of All of Me lies in the fact that this album arrived just a little too late."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"The lack of standout hits here is disappointing, but All of Me's Achilles heel is its conversational interludes."
Hot Press,40,"The homegrown characteristics of her distinctive style have been all but washed away in a flood of R&B clichs on All of Me, a routine blend of fidgety grooves and tiresome ruminations on life and love."

PopMatters,100,"They've made the most exciting debut of 2012 so far."
Consequence of Sound,84,"Overall Breakfast effectively blends alternative and hip-hop elements into an eclectic montage of fresh lyricism and bursting musical backdrops."
Dot Music,80,"Where Asher Roth left house-party hip hop (or just got a little high and wandered off) Chiddy Bang pick it up but bring a whole new focus, a pop-sensibility and a very nuanced delivery."
The Guardian,80,"An instant hit with tasty ingredients, and worth waiting for."
Mojo,70,"Far from dumbed down and more importantly, rap with a much-needed happy-go-lucky makeover."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Check the Preview EP for a better introduction, but if you're a fan, Breakfast is a great way to start the day."
The New York Times,70,"Chiddy Bang is the sound of the younger generation, which is to say that they sound like whatever they feel like at the time, and their debut album Breakfast proves it."
Q Magazine,60,"Fizzes with poppy yet streetwise energy. [April 2012, p.94]"
AllMusic,60,"Breakfast turns out to be a reasonably hearty meal, definitely sausage and waffles rather than the aural porridge that 'alternative hip-hop' summons up."
Rolling Stone,60,"The album proves worthy enough for the wait, namely due to its shining moments that outweigh the surrounding pitfalls."
The Guardian,60,"There are a few too many tracks on which the hook outclasses the actual rap."
BBC Music,60,"Gone are the Mary Poppins samples and the rest of the duo's anything-goes ethos; Breakfast is filled instead with Cap'n Crunch-y nuggets of pure, sweet, mainstream hip-hop. [Mar 2012, p.97]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"It's a pretty fun album to listen to--just don't listen too closely."
The Telegraph (UK),40,"Ultimately, your Chiddy Bang tolerance rests on your ability to endure the self-consciously cute."

NOW Magazine,80,"You can hear the result of all those showbiz connections in the radio-ready economy of high-sheen hook bombs."
Boston Globe,75,"The boys largely maintain that level of frivolous fun on Whatever."
The New York Times,70,"It may not be a formula designed for critical acclaim or longevity, but pop music has always been exactly like this and HCR would make Bobby Vee, the Archies, and the New Radicals proud."
Rolling Stone,55,"Although Hot Chelle Rae obviously aren't doing anything new here either, they've mastered the art of cheese pop and took a much more 'natural' new route in sound compared to Lovesick Electric."
Dot Music,25,"You have to ask if the tween sector of the 1% just found their house band."

AllMusic,91,"Musically, this is pop without shame-her hookiest and most dance-targeted album."
Los Angeles Times,83,"True, she's still got two token I-like-it-rough tracks--'Birthday Cake' and 'Cockiness (Love It)'--but they're just filler on an album that's all about dragging you out of the bedroom and onto the dance floor."
Slant Magazine,80,"Where last year's Loud had a hefty helping of unshakable singles, this album's arc, however simple--sex, love, sex, repeat--is cohesive and sweet."
HipHopDX,80,"Sure, like much of the album, Rihanna is mining her past glories all over again, but she does it with such swagger, such enthusiasm, that the end result is a definitive thrill-ride of a success."
The Guardian,80,"It works best when the music hall bawdiness is left aside in favour of bleak euphoria."
BBC Music,80,"An adrenalised behemoth of a record which reasserts her position as one of pop's most compulsive pleasures."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"It's easy to criticise Talk That Talk but it's actually a fun and enjoyable record."
The New York Times,70,"Behind Good Girl Gone Bad and Rated R, this is Rihanna's third best album to date. Minus the fluff, it's close to the latter's equal."
AllMusic,70,"It's another solid collection, complete with radio hits, club bangers, and introspective ballads on her favorite subjects: love and sex."
Slant Magazine,70,"Talk That Talk is both a sharp departure from her dark, rock-infused last two albums Rated R and Loud and a more easily enjoyable work."
Boston Globe,70,"We turn to Rihanna for kicks, sure, but also, thanks to a voice whose limitations give her a supple vulnerability, for a tinge of bittersweet pain. Talk That Talk is at its best when it's working that angle."
NOW Magazine,70,"Rihanna's sixth album is her tightest, most assured yet--a relentlessly catchy and danceable pop album, with first-rate contributions from top songwriter-producers (The-Dream, No I.D., Dr. Luke, Stargate)."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Rihanna's version of this sound [dance music] dates to the club music of the early 1990s, an era in which she would have shined. The best songs on this lively and often great album sound synth-perfect for that time."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"It is meant to be fun, catchy, sexy, and danceable, and while it isn't groundbreaking by any means, it succeeds in reaching all of its goals."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),67,"It seems erratic, but it somehow works, at least musically."
Boston Globe,60,"Talk That Talk tries too hard to send a more one-dimensional message and ends up falling flat: Rihanna's obviously going for sexy here, but her music's at its most alluring when she's blissed out in her own reverie, not taking the time to spell it all out for us."
Dot Music,60,"When she's not challenging herself in that way [trying to emulate the established RiRi formula], she can sound a little bored, but you could argue that's part of her ice-queen R&B appeal."
Los Angeles Times,60,"The emphasis on loud, clubby production means it lacks the progression of Rated R or the bombast of Loud."
Consequence of Sound,50,"This album is lacking fiercely in the big-time, gargantuan smashes Rihanna has made her career on. Even still, there are a few sonic creations on Talk That Talk that give the listener something to celebrate."
Spin,50,"A so-so album which suggests it may be time for Ms Fenty to take a holiday."
Rolling Stone,50,"'Talk That Talk' sounds like a rush job designed to keep Rihanna rolling through the holidays."
Slant Magazine,50,"For all the innuendo and introspection, Talk That Talk contains little sweat, slobber or fluids and a lot of plasticized, inflatable insinuation."
BBC Music,50,"Talk That Talk is pretty easily the worst Rihanna album yet."
PopMatters,50,"Familiar tropes surface in the lyrical content (sexy times being the core focus), and musically it's a smorgasbord of European dance trends and contemporary RnB production, showy but soulless."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"As off-the-peg as Primark, the Rihan-droid returns with more dancefloor fodder which has all the right bleeps in all the right places, but nothing to make you go 'wow'."
Hot Press,40,"'Cockiness' is barmy enough to stand out from the routine dubstep/electro beats cooked up by such as Stargate, Calvin Harris and Dr Luke."
Chicago Tribune,30,"It's sure to sell on brand recognition alone, but I doubt a series of mannered and soulless hooks are going to find much life outside of the European remix circuit."

AllMusic,70,"Taken as a whole, this release offers enough revelations to suggest the original album is worth revisiting."
The A.V. Club,60,"It's a remix album not for fairweather travelers but rather the hardcore Little Monsters, the kind who love every gesture grand or small from Gaga, but it also displays enough imagination to appeal to those listeners who fall into neither camp and are only looking for some darkly elastic dance."
HipHopDX,60,"Just in time for the holiday season, there's something for everyone on Born This Way: The Remix."
The Guardian,50,"The album has some diverting moments."
Q Magazine,40,"It's best enjoyed on its own flawed, bombastic terms."

The Independent (UK),75,"The soundtrack to Cirque du Soleil's touring MJ extravaganza isn't as revelatory--or as appealing trippy--as Cirque's Beatles-themed LOVE. [25 Nov 2011, p.71]"
BBC Music,63,"Immortal is also, at its worst, way cheesier than 'Love,' filled with easy-listening strings, spoken-word interludes buried in spooky echo, and curious pacing."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"With Jackson's world-remaking grooves as a guide, even the gaudiest setting can be a party."
Drowned In Sound,50,"The new versions can be garish (pseudo-tribal drums and jungle noises in 'Ben'?) or touching."
NOW Magazine,40,"Not much here is new: a few alternative takes (including a great one of 'ABC') and some previously unheard studio banter."
Village Voice,40,"Producer Kevin Antunes never recontextualizes the original recordings; he favors hits-on-parade medleys, letting the hooks--the melodies, the rhythms--sink in before moving on to the next snippet."

AllMusic,91,"His follow-up album is plenty downbeat, but it's also gorgeous, an immersive headphone masterwork that's tender and intimate like little else in contemporary rap and R&B."
Dot Music,90,"That Take Care is an almost complete success is no small feat, especially given that it's an accomplishment of form more than of content, content having been handled assuredly on the last two Drake releases"
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),90,"Take Care is a carefully crafted bundle of contradictory sentiments from a conflicted rapper who explores his own neuroses in as compelling a manner as anyone not named Kanye West."
Boston Globe,90,"It's one slightly embarrassing Nicki Minaj verse and one awkward Lil' Wayne feature (the 'HYFR' one) away from being by far the smoothest hip-hop and/or pop listen you're likely to come across this year."
The Guardian,90,"On Take Care, Drake finally shows he's got the talent to match the hype."
The New York Times,89,"This is all I really want an album to be: an immense, five-star production fronted by a compelling, three-dimensional character with an unrivaled faculty for craft."
HipHopDX,86,"Just as his thematic concerns have become richer, so has the music backing them up."
Consequence of Sound,85,"Take Care does a beautiful job of giving Drake the best group of features that complement his style while rarely outshining him."
Mojo,80,"Considering Take Care is an affecting masterpiece easily on par with his debut, there could be no greater accolade for the genius of this man."
The Independent (UK),80,"Take Care is equal parts dick-waving egoism, emotional wreckage, and mature understanding."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),80,"For a while on this overlong album, he brings something new to the usual hip-hop parade of brandy and bitches, lasciviousness and loyalty."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),80,"It's an idiosyncratic, aggressively self-conscious and occasionally sentimental album, one that falls somewhere between languid, finger-snapping R&B and hip-hop braggadocio."
XXL,80,"We're still a long way from a classic, but Take Care once again proves that he's just too good to disappear anytime soon."
NOW Magazine,80,"It's actually on the brighter, bolder, faster numbers that Take Care comes alive."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"His second full-length, out today, is a mighty thing, every bit as turbulent and achingly defensive as Kanye West's 'My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy.'"
Rolling Stone,80,"Overall, Take Care's sum is greater than its parts."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"While Take Care's charms may be a little more hidden, with a couple exceptions, than Thank Me Later's were, repeated plays reveal a record that is just as strong and more powerful emotionally."
Slant Magazine,80,"Over the course of some 18 months, Drake has become quite a novice in the genre, well on his way to mastering new and exciting ground."
Pitchfork,80,"Either way you bend it, his confessional accounts on how men view the female gender is all too relatable under any context."
PopMatters,80,"It's what Drake does best, collapsing many moods--arrogance, sadness, tenderness and self-pity--into one vast, squish-souled emotion."
Okayplayer,80,"He's clearly fought his corner admirably, because he's achieved it--it's an album that creates a particular mood, and vehemently sticks to it, even bending the will of the traditional rap joints in the process."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"The only time the almost 80-minute Take Care doesn't work is when it indulges something resembling conventional hip-hop."
Prefix Magazine,75,"Drake shares [Kanye] West's love for mood and never-ending existential analysis."
Billboard.com,75,"The best of it affirms that Drake is shaping a pop persona with staying power."
Paste Magazine,70,"Take Care is dense and takes a while to digest, but once you're in Drake's world there's no escaping."
The A.V. Club,70,"As a series of a mood pieces detailing the luxury lifestyle of hip-hop's one-percenters, Take Care is fairly captivating. As a portrait of the artist at the top of the mountain, however, it's pretty frustrating."
HipHopDX,70,"While Take Care could be much better in some theoretical ways, it isn't bad in any objective way either."
Hartford Courant,69,"If Drake had it his way, one imagines he would deliver this album via fan newsletter. He made this record for them-which is why his aesthetic so thoroughly encases this record like a cocoon made of syrup-and he'd rather any stone-throwers politely evaporate."
Urb,68,"Take Care is a record unsure of itself, certainly more focused and interesting than its predecessor, but still far from the classic Drake had hinted at."
BBC Music,60,"It's great at times, but far more work than it should be. [Jan 2012, p.127]"
Sputnikmusic,60,"The result is both silkily seductive and moodily narcissistic."
Spin,58,"What Drake needs is a few more punchlines to brighten up his monochromatic therapy sessions. Surely Canada's excellent healthcare system can underwrite that."
Village Voice,50,"He's tightened his flow ever so slightly, but the brutal artlessness of his writing and character remains. [Jan 2012, p.69]"
cokemachineglow,20,"Former child actor Aubrey Graham's much-vaunted sensitivity and introspection is more hollow than ever on his second album."

Boston Globe,60,"Bieber definitely sounds more enthused by the original songs--some of which resemble everyday numbers with patched-on seasonal references--and a cover of Mariah Carey's 'All I Want for Christmas Is You' (featuring Carey herself). The versions of holiday staples are pulled off with varying results."
Tiny Mix Tapes,58,"The Biebs' gentle set of gentile carols on Under the Mistletoe isn't coal-lump bad; it's more like a dorky sweater from Nana with a 20 in the pocket."
Drowned In Sound,50,"Mr. Bieber hasn't ever sounded this good. But even Mr. Harrell can't place Mr. Bieber on equal footing with some of his more accomplished guests"
Clash Music,40,"The guests are the album's saving grace."

New Musical Express (NME),83,"Clarkson's older-better-tougher-smarter album."
American Songwriter,80,"Certainly, part of the variety is down to the multitude of producers and writers on Stronger, but the album's success is entirely due to Kelly Clarkson, whose personality and professionalism turns it into her best album since her Breakaway breakthrough in 2004."
Austin Chronicle,70,"Essentially everything here involves Ms. Clarkson's clobbering her subject while getting clobbered with guitars."
Chicago Tribune,70,"With the exception of the obvious electronic manipulation used on 'Mr. Know It All,' Clarkson's performances on Stronger are more consistently lived-in and evocative than on any of her previous efforts."
Uncut,70,"She's not Katy Perry, not yet Carrie Underwood. But look out."
The Telegraph (UK),60,"On her fifth album she mercifully avoids the monotonous dance-pop trend in favour of a timeless pop-rock sound that occasionally flirts with the dance floor."
No Ripcord,60,"As on her past albums, not all the songs on Stronger are worthy of what Clarkson brings to them vocally."
The Guardian,60,"Clarkson remains a slightly wearying one-note artist--she's a wounded lover, bellowing her pain and scorching the earth. But wow--that voice."
musicOMH.com,50,"The album suffers from a heavily produced electro-sheen, and ends up feeling more manufactured than magical."
Hot Press,40,"So while Stronger has its redeeming moments, they mostly come when Clarkson does what she is renowned for doing and has already done better. It is a little too heavy on the balladry and serious tones, which are the same things that doomed her other two slightly lesser received albums."
AllMusic,20,"Despite the references to Nietzsche and Einstein, which suggest a cachet Stronger doesn't deserve, this is simply an overlong string of standard putdown R&B and bogus emotional turmoil, the songs blitzed with generic power-ballad overkill."

PopMatters,90,"Every song on Soul Punk bleeds confidence and assurance--that these songs are what Patrick Stump is happy creating--music that he's proud of."
Dot Music,80,"Soul Punk is a brave, bold statement on which Stump asserts his individuality. [Aug 2011, p.111]"
The Guardian,80,"It's good--really good--but only if you want it to be."
Entertainment Weekly,75,"Forget the punk and the old-school soul, this is a retro-leaning pop album--and a mostly good one."
The A.V. Club,75,"With its sleek club-pop synths, flowery R&B singing and ultra-earnest lyrics about economic hardship and hometown pride, Soul Punk fulfills no known stereotype; it never allows you to tune out, confident in your assumption of where the music is headed."
Rolling Stone,70,"Like any good album for the information age, Soul Punk is overloaded well past the point of saturation and its merciless in its attack, so it can be a bit overbearing, yet there's a real, vivid imagination behind its crystalline clamor."
AllMusic,70,"Stump is an excellent, nimble singer, but it's his songwriting that makes this one of the most irrefutably catchy albums of 2011."
BBC Music,67,"He loses himself among all the references here, leaving an emptiness at Soul Punk's otherwise vibrant center. [28 Oct 2011, p.73]"
Boston Globe,50,"Occasionally, it's quite good, as on When I Made You Cry, which conjures early Michael Jackson. Other times, it's dreadful."
PopMatters,50,"It's a produced pop record with electronic, danceable bits and vocal harmonies that sometimes seem much too enamored with Michael Jackson worship."
Slant Magazine,40,"At his worst it feels more like a parody than a tribute. [29 Oct 2011, p.51]"
The New York Times,40,"Differentiating yourself isn't the same as creating quality music, and Patrick Stump has only managed to do the first and not the second."

Los Angeles Times,100,"This album's consistent quality should easily re-establish Evanescence back on the rock map in 2011. [1 Oct 2011, p.52]"
HipHopDX,75,"She still occasionally lapses into drama-club caterwauling, but when she uses baroque orchestral accoutrements to wage an air assault on her demons (as she does on the blistering 'Oceans'), she's more than just the token girl in the pit."
Hot Press,70,"Evanescence's self-titled third album captures each party elevating the other far above where their proclivities would get them on their own."
NOW Magazine,70,"It's aural candy for aging goths and tortured tweens alike."
The Guardian,63,"A livelier album seems to lurk inside this one, struggling to sneak past its creator."
The Boston Phoenix,50,"Evanescence may not be doing anything fresh or positively controversial on this new record all about itself. But they sure know how to keep their diehard fans happy by largely repeating the same formula that worked for them in the past."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"Too much of the time, Evanescence get lost in the cavernous spaces carved out by their unsecret weapon."
The A.V. Club,50,"The sometimes syrupy mix of piano, guitar and strings feels more like a formula than a genuine catharsis."
AllMusic,25,"Maniacally narcissistic, Evanescence is corny in the way only music so grim and humorless--and yet irredeemably stupid--can be"

PopMatters,80,"This album shows Rowland to be worthy of consideration in her own right."
Rolling Stone,80,"Although very eclectic taste is required to appreciate in full, this is clearly Rowland's brightest, most confident album yet."
Billboard.com,75,"Rowland has typically been one of R&B's more reserved presences, but on her third album, Here I Am, she sounds positively liberated-it's as if the same radioactive spider that gave Beyonc her superhuman confidence finally bit Rowland, too."
American Songwriter,75,"Her third solo album, Here I Am, proves that Ms. Rowland is doing just fine on her own, thank you; it's a solid if unambitious set of medium-hot finger snappers highlighted by the lusciously slinky top 20 hit ''Motivation''."
Slant Magazine,70,"Here I Am is a solid effort by Destiny's other child."
Spin,70,"While Rowland continues to define her own sound, it still feels like she's giving us who she thinks we want to hear, not who she is."
NOW Magazine,70,"It's a chewy and moody R&B album on which Ms. Rowland sounds assured and vital. Or, at minimum, is made to sound that way."
The A.V. Club,70,"The songs overflow with self-affirmation and confidence."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Sadly, much of the material is generic."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),60,"Inevitably, this turns Here I Am into a bit of a grab-bag in its latter stages, but it's a grab-bag that only Tulisa Contostavlos could claim not to find some pleasure in."
musicOMH.com,60,"Here I Am is the epitome of cheap and cheerful R&B, 40 minutes of precision-tuned pre-club glossiness--without a doubt perfectly serviceable."
BBC Music,60,"She's a strong, agile R&B vocalist who generates little excitement-adept, but not convincing, playing the club diva (in the David Guetta-produced Euro smash 'Commander') and the sexual aggressor ('Work It Man')."
Pitchfork,50,"The inherent blandness of Rowland's persona makes for too much roundly mediocre material."
Prefix Magazine,40,"A sort of also-ran footnote to the diva tropes handled with so much more panache by Mrs. Z."
Hartford Courant,25,"She does herself no favors by choosing consistently bland material, and her third album does nothing to dispel the sense that Rowland should be more selective."
NOW Magazine,20,"Here I Am concerns itself with the kind of bland, radio-friendly R&B pop that equates sex appeal with self-confidence."

Sputnikmusic,70,"All in all, it's clear that chart-driven pop circa the second decade of the millennium rarely gets much better than LMFAO on this stand-out album."
AllMusic,64,"The duo and an assortment of guests-including Will.i.am, Busta Rhymes, GoonRock and Calvin Harris-extol the virtues of late nights, trendy tequilas, hard bodies and vibey DJs."
Slant Magazine,60,"It's dumb for sure, but knowingly so, and its incessantly upbeat vibes do provide something of a lift."
Rolling Stone,60,"Taken in individual portions, they're a refreshing jolt to the system, but a whole album's worth feels like being force-fed a gallon of Sunny Delight."
The Guardian,60,"Defiantly puerile, LMFAO stake out their world of champagne and 'hotties' with shout-along slogans. Harmless hedonism."
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),60,"Where a lack of rhymes fail them, the hip-rock-electronica music carries them forward into music that's passable even when it's not profound. So long as you get it, LMFAO may not change the world, but it's a fun way to kill time. Just don't drink like they do or you'll kill brain cells too."
PopMatters,42,"Sorry For Party Rocking is a dumb party record that knows it's a dumb party record."
Drowned In Sound,42,"It's topped off by truly terrible rapping, which often turns otherwise groan-inspiring instrumentals into jumbled, maddening filler."
Clash Music,40,"If you're contemplating buying an album called Sorry for Party Rocking, then let's be honest: you know exactly what you're getting into."
Hot Press,40,"Behind the whippy synth flourishes and propulsive stompbeats that snag one's interest, the lazy charmlessness of the duo's rhyming quickly grows tiresome, a situation unalleviated by the occasional appearance of a Busta Rhymes or Calvin Harris. Fun in extremely small doses."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),40,"This Los Angeles party-hop duo can't decide if they want to rhyme like the Beastie Boys or booty-croon like Taio Cruz. So on their second album (which includes the hit 'Party Rock Anthem'), they do both, making for a disc of brain-cell-depleting jams."
Entertainment Weekly,30,"The album does have one redeeming aspect preventing its plunge into epic echelons of suck, and that's lead single Party Rock Anthem."
Mojo,20,"Stretched out over an hour, their solitary idea wears unbearably thin: pretty quickly, your reaction is less LMFAO than WTF? and, ultimately, FFS."

Boston Globe,70,"While Lopez has claimed that her new public image showcases the real her, she never could pull off the idea of being a real human being with actual emotions on record."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"After all the processed cheese, though, you're left wondering: What's love got to do with it?"
Beats Per Minute (formerly One Thirty BPM),60,"The real problem, then, is that Love? isn't the all-out dance album it could-and should-have been."
Los Angeles Times,50,"Despite the star power she emits on screen, her vocals have always been less than stellar; on LOVE? she often sounds limited and nasal, with a flatness that can feel downright Rebecca Black-esque at its worst."
HipHopDX,42,"In general, though, Love? is as vague and unfocused as its titular inquiry suggests, a musical shrug that seems to mean even less to Lopez than it will to listeners."
No Ripcord,40,"An average album over produced, Love? has Lopez throwing everything she's got at relaunching her pop career and coming up shorter than anyone could ever have thought possible."
musicOMH.com,40,"Given her promotion to the Paula Abdul seat on American Idol, there's a distinct irony in having the first sounds on Jennifer Lopez's Love? all twisted through a vocoder: she may be judging the pop purity of legions of hopeful singers, but even she can't resist the siren call of the computer."
AllMusic,40,"The reality of Jennifer Lopez is...blah."
Rolling Stone,37,"Coming from a star whose weekly 'Idol' pronouncements emphasize the value of charisma, 'Love?' definitely disappoints."

Spin,80,"It's a delicious souffle."
BBC Music,70,"While its relentless chirpiness may be a little too twee for some, Eliza Doolittle is still a beguiling debut that would undoubtedly have found an audience even without the benefit of her showbiz background."
The A.V. Club,70,"This is ear candy that's meant to be pleasing rather than personal, and avoids political or controversial topics. That does not make it boring. In fact, just the opposite is true. There are many charms to be found within."
Pitchfork,60,"Ultimately, this is a nice, pleasant debut album which will make the perfect accompaniment to a fair few summer barbecues this year, but which may not be listened to much once the grey skies and dark nights of October are upon us."
Paste Magazine,50,"In the end, it's a matter of taste. If you can handle a lot of wacky in your pop music, there's a lovely album here waiting for you. If not, Corinne Bailey Rae is over there."
The Boston Phoenix,50,"Eliza Doolittle is an album of potential but, for the moment, that's all it is."

Uncut,80,"This debut switches effortlessly from r&b ballads to punchy rap tunes. With her big voice and ballsy attitude, is she Ilford's very own Pink?"
Dot Music,75,"Jessie's outside-the-box persona gets buried under maximalist production and mainstream themes like bullying ('Who's Laughing Now'), girl power ('Do It Like a Dude'), and materialism (the sunny 'Price Tag,' a No. 1 single in the U.K.). But hope springs in the gorgeously paranoid ballad 'Big White Room.'"
Slant Magazine,70,"She'll no doubt weather criticism for such a broad palette, and for a debut called Who You Are, it certainly doesn't shed any definitive light on its maker's artistic identity."
The Guardian,70,"On her debut full-length, the 22-year-old songwriter (see Miley Cyrus' 'Party in the U.S.A.') nails a variety of roles: crotch-grabbing punker, '70s soul diva, Kelly Clarksonstyle bellower."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Sincere but Hokey homilies test the patience, but she brings imaginative vocal skills and real life experiences to 'White Room,' which displays a certain determined character. [Jun 2011, p.86]"
Prefix Magazine,60,"Who You Are is a singularly ironic title for a debut that finds Jessie J trying on discarded threads from every British pop starlet of the last half decade."
Village Voice,60,"Who You Are doesn't entirely deliver, but even when its songs fall short of the promised hype, their potential is obvious."
PopMatters,60,"Divested of the slowies, this would have been a fine pop record."
AllMusic,60,"She harmonises piquantly with herself over the languid guitar groove, and B.o.B's rap is pleasingly modest enough, too. The same can't really be said of such tracks as 'Casualty Of Love' and 'Rainbow', however, both singularly unimpressive songs tricked out with the showy vocal bling favoured by R&B divas as a substitute for genuine soul."
The A.V. Club,50,"Quite honestly, Ke$ha is just more fun to listen to, even though Jessie J may ultimately have more career longevity. It's a decent enough album for the teenage dance set though."
Paste Magazine,50,"These ambitiously sung songs make for tremendous chaos: the lyrics about uplift are often trite, the furiously modern arrangements are often cliched."
Spin,50,"Unfortunately, the songs on Who You Are that allow Jessie J's ugly, born-that-way vocals to cut loose are in the distinct minority. In the quest to find herself, she seems to have gotten sidetracked."
PopMatters,50,"What it's not, though, is a collection that confirms the arrival of a significant solo talent. It's too patchy, too hurried, the powers behind it too eager to capitalise on the artist's current chart success."
Rolling Stone,50,"Weirdest of all, though, is that no matter how much Jessie J sings about being herself, we don't really ever get a sense of who, or what, that is."
Slant Magazine,50,"It plays like a very conventional, early-90s pop record."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"She's still one to watch, but the hype which preceded the release of Who You Are promised much more than what has been delivered."
Q Magazine,42,"In trying to be an ber-pop-star, she ends up becoming an every-pop-star."
Pitchfork,40,"Who You Are tries very hard to swagger, but it trips over its own feet and continues to self-consciously limp on through thirteen tracks, as if to suggest that's its hobbling is its normal walk."
Filter,40,"It's well-meaning, well-crafted and confused. Sometimes versatility can be a vice."
No Ripcord,40,"In her first offering, Jessie J's only real failing appears to be her attempt to be everything to everyone. As a result the album fails to live up to its title, for by the end of it you're left none the wiser when it comes to the identity of Jessie J."
Entertainment Weekly,20,"Over-emoting at every turn, she obliterates otherwise innocuous soul, R&B and reggae-inflected songs with gimmicky vocal histrionics, strident attempts at melisma and the kind of callow self-help lyrics that are apparently mandatory for all young pop stars nowadays."
Hot Press,20,"She comes across like a severely dumbed-down Lily Allen at best, and at worst she seems like someone you would want to root against in a televised singing competition"
Boston Globe,10,"This is dead-eyed pop with aspirations of being your comfort food but turns out to be a starchy soulless slop."

Spin,88,"As long as Brit keeps the ballads to a minimum and plays to her strength as a willing pop renegade (which she does here more than on any of her previous albums), she will continue to make exciting, groundbreaking modern music."
Pitchfork,83,"The poppers keep on coming right through the bonus tracks of porn-lite funk-lite that's quirky and clever front to back."
Los Angeles Times,83,"While Spears' vocals are inevitably the least impressive element of any given song, she doesn't exactly disappear into the production on Femme Fatale; she settles into it, game for whatever and confident in the hands of trusted professionals who know how to best utilize her."
HipHopDX,83,"Judging by these songs, she's a childless man-eater who could drink Ke$ha under the table. That disconnect, added to the fact that Spears doesn't claim so much as a co-writing credit on a single track, can make the album feel like an autopilot affair."
BBC Music,80,"Despite a slew of hit singles and eye-popping sales figures, Britney Spears has never released an album as coherent from start to finish as her latest, Femme Fatale."
The New York Times,80,"Despite her weak voice and empty lyrics, the troubled Disney graduate has placed herself at the avant-garde of pop with this masterful mixture of ber-cool dubstep and sugary pop."
Dot Music,80,"Less adventurous is her sex-on-the-dance-floor lyrical fixation, so it's those playful touches that set Femme Fatale apart from most cornball dance pop on the radio these days."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Femme Fatale may be Britney's best album; certainly it's her strangest. Conceptually it's straightforward: a party record packed with sex and sadness."
The A.V. Club,75,"On Femme Fatale, her seventh studio album and plainly one of her best, the erstwhile teen-pop princess is less the center of sonic attention than the occasion and enabler for a dozen of the age's most accomplished record producers to show off their wildest moves from behind a plastic Britney mask."
Rolling Stone,70,"Femme Fatale equips Britney with material which is strong enough to enable the original all-American Pop Princess to hold her own in such an overcrowded context."
No Ripcord,70,"The whole album brims with the laidback confidence of someone who knows she's back on top. Britney claims it's her best work yet. She's not wrong."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Femme Fatale is also unevenly paced, overlong (16 tracks in its deluxe version) and burdened with filler like the generic 'I Wanna Go', which tries to find a shortcut to the dancefloor but gets lost en route. But the weaker material is outweighed by the fantastic, from the slamming, techno-tinged 'Trouble For Me' to the glorious bubblegum house of 'Up N' Down'."
AllMusic,70,"Sonically, it has everything except hooks, either in the rhythm or the melody; it's all surface style, driven by sound and given shape by hypersexual lyrics Britney sings listlessly."
Slant Magazine,70,"Ignore the lyrics, Spears sounds even more like a programmed Britbot than on 2007's Blackout."
PopMatters,70,"It's engaging, and, in pulling the best elements from her past two efforts, Spears and her production crew built a purely blissful account of currently-trending tunes."
musicOMH.com,70,"Femme Fatale, after all, is a flawed album, with lyrics that barely clear the level of a Ke$ha and a maturity level to match. But it's a pop album that's supposed to make you dance, and when it comes to that, there's not a star out there that can match Ms. Spears."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"At its best, it sounds like a party, with a cutting-edge pop soundtrack. The question of precisely what Britney Spears brings to said party remains as imponderable as ever."
NOW Magazine,60,"The success of a Britney song rests almost entirely on the quality of other people's songwriting and production, and almost every track on Femme Fatale succeeds or fails on that basis. Longtime collaborator Max Martin and his partner in auricle-crime, Dr. Luke, produced the bulk of Femme Fatale, and their contributions are mixed-to-shoddy."
Dusted Magazine,50,"Good lyrics or no, we still know Femme Fatale will be a blockbuster regardless, which is perhaps why there still remains room for Spears to try a few different things musically, and when Spears' producers are given room to stretch, they manage to pull of a few pop music miracles."
Expert Witness (MSN Music),50,"As it turns out, Spears' seventh studio album is part-success and part astounding failure, mixing some of her very best songs with hideous black holes."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"Over a clipped backdrop that at times sounds like white-noise static, bell-like notes accent an airy, almost vaporous vocal. The voice belongs to Spears, but it could be anyone's  an anonymous ghost in the dance machine."
The Guardian,40,"Even more telling is her frequently blank-eyed delivery: She's never been a great vocal interpreter, but on Fatale she sounds about as present as she did on Blackout."
PopMatters,40,"More than any of her previous releases Femme Fatale is blank. Ms. Spears isn't much more than a celebrity spokeswoman for the work of the producers Max Martin, Dr. Luke and others, who need artists like Ms. Spears as calling cards."
Hartford Courant,40,"Gaga's music, let's be frank, is not that much better than, or even different to, that on Femme Fatale, but she knows the lingering appeal of playing dress-up."
Rolling Stone,30,"Max Martin, Mr 'Baby One More Time', has been roped in again along with scores of interchangeable Scandinavians to create an album of autotuned landfill chartpop which you will scour in vain for anything on a par with 'Womanizer'."

Sputnikmusic,83,"On its own merits, F.A.M.E. deserves to be heard."
AllMusic,80,"The easier-but not exactly wiser-route for Brown would've been to take jabs at those who turned their backs on him, but his tactic here seems to give listeners a solid album."
Los Angeles Times,70,"This all makes F.A.M.E. the equal of Forever, if not slightly better, and it hints that Brown's best is yet to come."
Paste Magazine,70,"So, while he fails to reward those fans who are everything to him with a great collection of pop-RnB, Brown at least gives them reason to believe."
Country Weekly,63,"All of it is done capably, even superbly in some cases, though F.A.M.E. also feels strained and sometimes downright desperate. That said, there's no denying he pulls off some neat coups."
American Songwriter,60,"This album is about keeping Brown relevant and making the musical man child marketable again, and on that level it's a moderate success. He's still got a long way to go before he regains his previous stature."
Village Voice,60,"F.A.M.E. is a pop 'n' b album with something for everyone: bedroom ballads, dance-floor thumpers and even 'Next 2 You,' a puppy-love declaration with guest vocals by Justin Bieber."
Sputnikmusic,50,"Sadly but predictably, it really isn't until the bonus tracks on the deluxe edition, when he drops a Bomb with Wiz Khalifa, that you ponder how Mr. Black and Yellow has hooked up with Mr. Black and Blue, and then you remember what's been hiding in plain sight throughout the entire album."
BBC Music,50,"On F.A.M.E.'s effervescent slow jams and up-tempo R&B struts, Brown makes a solid case for himself as an adult artist. He inevitably falls flat, though, when he tries to reclaim his teen-idol mantle on oversold ballads."
Spin,40,"If you already didn't like Brown  he would classify you as a 'hater'  this album's combination of lewd (Wet The Bed, No Bullshit) and saccharine (Next 2 You, Should've Kissed You) content, delivered in that gross, oozing cadence of his, will only aggravate you further."
The A.V. Club,40,"The album, taken as a whole, is remarkably disjointed, because eight of the 13 songs on it have been written with the intention of dominating a different corner of music land."
Dot Music,40,"Mr. Brown sings, with a modicum of angst [on 'Up To You']. But for much of this album--almost the whole second half, actually--Mr. Brown is chasing Usher with a ferocity out onto the dance floor, where no one will pay much mind to his words."
Slant Magazine,40,"Brown needs to bring the undeniable every time. Unfortunately that's not what he's done with this middling fourth album. Instead, only a handful of tracks truly showcase Brown's strengths."
NOW Magazine,40,"F.A.M.E. is equal parts bubblebath boudoir soul and more bullish beat-driven floor-fillers, tricked out with familiar guests like Timbaland and Justin Bieber, the most lively of which is Busta Rhymes's babble-rap over the Clangers-style bleeps of 'Look at Me Now'."
AllMusic,30,"F.A.M.E. will satisfy 12 year Malibu and Miami beach frequenters, but anyone with a soul should steer far clear of this mess."
Los Angeles Times,0,"F.A.M.E. is a vile, despicable album that doesn't deserve to be supported in any way, shape or form. Its very existence is a frightening indictment of our times, in terms of our attitudes to music, women and the cult of celebrity."

NOW Magazine,82,"The tilting scales of light and dark give the collection a definite creep factor and a clever complexity."
Rolling Stone,70,"Oh Land's international debut is an eclectic, nocturnal mix of club music, dance, and electro-pop."
Uncut,70,"Oh Land's cinematic arrangements bring Janelle Mone's ambitious approach to pop music to mind, but tracks like 'Wolf & I' and 'Lean' draw a bit too heavily from the trip-hop playbook (it doesn't help that Fabricius sounds a lot like Bjrk) and, however well-excecuted they may be, end up sounding derivative."
BBC Music,70,"This stunning Dane's synths-plus-strings slant on singer-songwriter lovesickness offers refinement over innovation, yet Nanna land Fabricius beguiles with a gently insistent presence."
Boston Globe,60,"It's just that there's a bit of an identity void at the heart of the thing, a lack of personality."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"Oh Land, however, inhabits a tepid middle ground between the two extremes  offering neither gilded Scandi chart-pop (Robyn, Annie) or the artistic mettle of Scandi indie bands, most of whom are able to turn out sublime pop anyway."
Slant Magazine,40,"It's lush, detailed, frequently over-rich, but Fabricius' bright, perky voice and some generically kooky lyrics can't really carry the weight of the whole production. [Aug 2011, p.94]"

Dot Music,80,"Goulding's crackling voice is capable of affecting a prostrate pose in the midst of the swirl that suggests the latter's folk-tinged vulnerability."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Good news: Lights is an expectations-passing collection that should see fans of the singer's material to date elevating her to superstar status."
The Guardian,80,"Lights feels like the product of a distinctive personality, following a peculiar vision rather than ticking genre boxes. [Apr 2010, p.90]"
Q Magazine,80,"Goulding is packed with intriguing contradictions and you can sense most of them on Lights.[Apr 2010, p.107]"
The New York Times,70,"Goulding is able to take the best parts of all of her contemporaries' styles and make them her own, coating everything in the breathy flutter of her voice."
Boston Globe,70,"On this debut full-length, already a U.K. No. 1, she glides through blippy anthems ('Starry Eyed'), pumping disco ('Animal'), and delicate grooves ('Lights') with a pixie-ish voice that's one notch sweeter than Metric's Emily Haines."
AllMusic,70,"Aspiring to find a middle ground between her folk background and the burgeoning success of electro-pop is an enterprising objective, but it is one which Goulding predominantly succeeds in through her genuine sincerity."
Entertainment Weekly,68,"Outside of its immediate context, Lights is a sometimes great, always promising debut. It's an album about leaving home, and it works best when the contrast between the folk singer and the pop production chimes with the tensions between the pull of home and the allure of the city."
The A.V. Club,67,"Warbling like a sanitized Bjork over coffeehouse-ready club beats, she pulls her weight on the first half before lights grows dim. [11 Mar 2011, p.76]"
BBC Music,60,"The results are moody ('Lights'), pretty (the Top Five U.K. hit 'Starry Eyed') and uniformly catchy. On first listen, Goulding can sound innocuous: Dido with dancier beats. But there's darkness here. And lots of sex."
Under The Radar,60,"Devoid of a true soul or sense of honesty Lights can be a pretty hollow listen. You could argue that away from the aforementioned hype-led anticipation that this album would surprise and charm; yet without the vested interest of big wigs and shareholders Lights might simply not be here."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Unfairly or otherwise, Lights will be consumed by many with the weight of expectation hanging heavy around it. For the most part, the strength of the songwriting should keep the doubters at bay."
Pitchfork,60,"It's an impressive attempt to drag folk music out of the hayloft and onto the dancefloor and it marks the emergence of a smart, sincere and talented new pop star."
Q Magazine,60,"Starry-eyed debut hits more often than misses."
AllMusic,60,"It seems that six of the ten tracks are great collaborations, and the other four are not. As a result, Lights sounds incomplete and inconsistent, and doesn't work as a whole."
The Guardian,50,"The result is that most of what makes Goulding's work appealing, such as her voice and instrumentation, is lost underneath generic synthesizers that turn these songs into standard pop fare."
Dot Music,50,"You certainly don't reject it outright though, not immediately, as almost every song at least knows the function of a chorus and everything has a glittery and palatable radiance, but such anodyne, airbrushed electro-pop leaves you searching for the magic ingredients."
NOW Magazine,40,"There's no getting around the fact that Goulding's appeal is aimed squarely at the middle of the road."
Boston Globe,40,"Lights does have its moments: the strident 'Uner The Sheets' and the odd sounds of the Frankmusik-produced 'Wish I stayed' stand Out. But when they're placed next to the overwrought, cliched ballad 'The Writer' or the dodgy Europop of 'I'll Hold My Breath' it adds up to a rather bland listen. [Apr 2010, p.92]"

cokemachineglow,80,"the expectancy of being universally tipped for greatness may yet sink her, but she's delivered here. [Mar 2011, p.109]"
Lost At Sea,60,"If Kate Bush backed by MGMT appeals, Maguire's your woman. [Apr 2011, p.105]"
Prefix Magazine,60,"Her Lennox-meets-Tyler, or Welch-meets-Tunstall lungs boom out across a Heart FM-friendly pop-rock sound which sometimes attains a sweeping Stevie Nicks drama but often merely reaches Dido level."
Drowned In Sound,60,"A flat-out belter of the Adele/Florence school, surrounded variously by daft orchestral sturm-und-drang and flimsy ProTools disco/house. Better may come."
Slant Magazine,50,"The rest of the 13 track album sounds like a mix of Latvian Eurovision Song Contest entries and The X-Factor winners' songs; an unmistakable, cringey 'life affirming' theme runs throughout, with the obligatory twinkling electro loops."
musicOMH.com,50,"If you can manage to put such quibbles aside--and it will be a struggle--Light After Dark has some redeeming features."
Rolling Stone,40,"The production--by chart-grabbing Fraser T Smith (James Morrison, Taio Cruz, Cee-Lo)--can only bring so much depth or variety to unadventurous songs which are bellowed and wailed with all the subtlety of Florence Welch giving birth to a rhino."
PopMatters,40,"Sadly, though, Ain't Nobody's by miles the most interesting four minutes on Light After Dark, which suggests Maguire is another startling talent whose every point of interest has been sandblasted off between being signed and getting her album out."
No Ripcord,40,"It's a cartoon of emotion: even when whispering, there's a stage intimacy about her delivery; and at full blast, she has the emotive subtlety of a foghorn, though that may be to surmount the barrage of thundering tom-toms and pounding pianos with which she's been saddled."
Village Voice,40,"Because Light After Dark tries so hard to keep up with the tricks of the trade in 2011, it loses any sense of originality that Maguire brings to the table, which, especially in the pop music scene, is the only way to stand out."
Mojo,30,"A voice like Maguire's deserves infinitely better than the calculated dross on display here."
Billboard.com,20,"For now, though, she's no better than one of Cowell's ventriloquist dummies."

BBC Music,75,"Like Blunt, the Script trundle steadily down rock's middle road. Unlike him, they seem to be enjoying the ride."
AllMusic,70,"The best songs here sound as if members of toothless soft rockers like the Fray or Augustana were fixing for a bar fight, maybe even one they could win."
The New York Times,60,"Those seeking the key to The Script's success will remain puzzled. [October 2010, p. 113]"
Los Angeles Times,60,"Swamped by the same safe, repetitive, and unadventurous production, the majority of the ten tracks are indistinguishable from one another, making Science & Faith a solid but pedestrian and uninspiring affair."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"The Script have enjoyed Euro-chart success with a mix of lite rock, rap rock and Guinness-informed crooning they call Celtic soul - at once soaring, melancholic and treacly."
Rolling Stone,40,"Mid-tempo guitar rock prevails; so does O'Donoghue's way of raspily soaring through choruses as if his voice has broken free from its moorings."

PopMatters,80,"Warm and confident throughout her second album, Hilson is becoming hard to ignore."
Billboard.com,67,"This zigzagging sophomore disc, No Boys Allowed, suggests she's not quite sure where to go next."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"There are a few tasty future-pop moments, but mainly it's predictable r&b, weighed down with tiresome, ersatz sexiness."
AllMusic,60,"Impressive, then, that this boy-army, one-girl team was able to pull off a contemporary R&B album so feminine, breezy and thankfully low on ballads."
Rolling Stone,60,"Hilson loses focus with hookless songs the busy production can't save, while the MCs largely shoot blanks."
The A.V. Club,60,"Ms. Hilson's own records aren't tipping toward bona fide dance music as much as Rihanna's, and don't yet have their audience-strafing sweep. But a few songs here are good enough to stop the overthinking comparisons"
PopMatters,50,"Her second album is hit-or-miss, with failed attempts at pop crossover (the Timbaland collabo 'Breaking Point') and sub-Rihanna reggae moves. Still, the high points are worth digging out."
musicOMH.com,50,"The mixed messages are infuriating, and the complete lack of soul or identity perplexing."
BBC Music,50,"Her follow-up isn't merely eager to stand out but rather desperate, as if the studios in which it was recorded contained a clock counting down to the point of failure, the moment when Hilson would no longer stand a chance of being a ubiquitous, multi-platinum superstar."
Rolling Stone,50,"In glimpses it reaches that goal--like in maybe half of the sticky and finessed 'Breaking Point'--but it's undone by the album's many other contradictory messages."
Hot Press,50,"Keri is so very...what? It sounds like she's making a move at Chaka-Whitney 'every woman' territory, only with a few key differences."
The New York Times,40,"No Boys Allowed doesn't match its polished predecessor success a whole project.  The songwriting feels more in line with her R&B/Pop peers than anything else."
AllMusic,40,"Though Hilson sings like a sweet-voiced dream throughout, No Boys Allowed is muddled and devoid of the gutsiness the title leads us to expect."

Spin,100,"It's come late, but Basic Instinct is one of the best RnB albums of the year."
The Guardian,83,"Always a strong singles artist, Ciara has struggled to find enough memorable material to fill an album. She comes closer than ever on her fourth full-length, Basic Instinct."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Celebrity, commodity, singer, sex object, cyborg - Ciara just about fuses all of them on Basic Instinct, her fourth studio album."
Q Magazine,80,"It's one of the few effective Euro-flavored club numbers to be fronted by an R&B artist. Altogether, this is one of 2010's finest pop-R&B albums -- Ciara's best yet."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Suddenly, the underachieving diva starts to look like real competition for crossover starlets like Rihanna and Leona Lewis."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"The singer works with hit-makers The-Dream and Tricky Stewart on several tracks; unfortunately, it seems they've saved their best hooks for their next gig."
AllMusic,40,"Let's face it, outside of the obvious singles, it's filler town."
Rolling Stone,37,"Basic Instinct offers enough android booty bass action to satisfy those who like their rhythms complicated but repetitive and hooks foreseeable from a mile away, but pleasant enough when they arrive."

Boston Globe,75,"The material on Michael is not by any means a deep dive into the Jackson archives; nearly all the songs are culled from the last five years of his life."
Billboard.com,74,"Who knows whether the notoriously megalomaniacal Jackson would approve of this album-people on both sides of that argument have valid points-but as a start-to-finish collection of songs it's more enjoyable and less filler-stuffed than anything he's released since Bad, a minor miracle given the circumstances."
The Guardian,70,"The result is shockingly better than might be expected - and in some ways superior to his final regular studio album, 2001's uneven and bloated Invincible."
Dot Music,70,"If his family and creditors truly cared about Michael Jackson's legacy, they would now let it and him rest in peace. And chimps will fly..."
Village Voice,63,"We'll never know what Jackson really would've done with these songs but this is the first of, no doubt, many guesses we'll get that hopefully won't yield diminishing returns."
PopMatters,60,"While nothing on this record comes close to rivaling any of his past material, you can't deny the urge to indulge yourself in something labeled, 'new Michael Jackson,' and that's where Michael succeeds."
Billboard.com,60,"This far less satisfying collection of gussied-up outtakes and posthumously completed tracks shifts the focus back to the packaging that progressively dehumanized Jackson."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"This is not a Michael Jackson album. Jackson was one of pop's biggest fussbudgets: Even when his songs were half-baked, the production was pristine. He would not have released anything like this compilation, a grab bag of outtakes and outlines assembled by Jackson's label."
Slant Magazine,60,"Michael rarely serves up anything that will have its listeners making a b-line for the dance floor."
Boston Globe,60,"If there is a heaven, and if Tupac, Cobain, Presley  et al made it through the gates, chances are they're consoling a wincing, visibly embarrassed Jackson, cursing his inability to bolt the demos drawer in Neverland's vaults just that little bit tighter."
AllMusic,50,"Michael Jackson's career might have plummeted in the last 20 years, but in death, his cultural significance and nostalgia offer enough so that new music is greeted with hushed reverence. It's enough reason to continue listening, instead of simply dismissing."
Pitchfork,50,"On the balancing strength of those two songs [Dangerous & Much Too Soon], Michael manages to dodge the bullet enough to be kind of enjoyable. But it's worth remembering that both songs date back to the 1980s."
BBC Music,50,"Disappointing swansong from the King of Pop."
Uncut,50,"It's not that Michael is embarrassing, it's just below par, a warehouse for songs that languished in the vaults for decades because they didn't quite measure up."
Spin,50,"At the very least, the album doesn't tarnish his legacy, although it adds nothing to it either."
NOW Magazine,42,"Michael mostly reflects the paranoid, musically out of touch, deeply unhappy person he became -- and who many fans would just as soon forget."
PopMatters,40,"Jackson's progressiveness and laser-aimed focus on perfection was always the foundation of everything he ever did and resonated through every song he ever made....Given the patch-work necessary to piece Michael together posthumously, it's impossible to imagine that this is a collection of songs Michael intended to deliver."
Q Magazine,40,"Michael's real problem isn't the late star's indisguisable weirdness, but a paucity of decent material."
Paste Magazine,20,"The problem here isn't sullying Jackson's memory and reputation: he was perfectly capable of doing that himself. The problem is that Michael simply isn't good enough. [Feb. 2011, p. 108]"

Under The Radar,80,"It's easily the best work Diddy's been involved with in his entire career."
AllMusic,80,"Despite the array of producers lined up--Including Danja, Darkchild, Polow da Don and Swizz Beatz--Diddy has corralled their work into a tight, coherent whole that's absolutely packed with ideas and creativity."
Drowned In Sound,80,"The chilly Euro-house stylings may be a mite predictable but Diddy  proves a generous curator, laying on blockbuster exhibits and atmospheric slow jamz alike in the greatest cast-of-millions hip-hop joint since, well, Kanye's latest."
The Guardian,80,"While the context may be different, Last Train to Paris suggests that, despite all the reality show-making, fashion designing, acting, inexplicable-name-changing, vodka-promoting, dressed-in-all-white-partying, skeet-shooting-with-Kevin-Spacey (probably) and all the other activities that make up a day in the life of Diddy, it's likely that he really does, and it shows."
Uncut,80,"While it's clear that Last Train's combination of electro and house with hip-hop and R&B is Combs's baby, it's the group format that makes it work as an album."
PopMatters,80,"Paris looks back to dance music as soulful catharsis and emotionalism, not the cold thump that's taken over as of late."
Q Magazine,80,"No doubt, Diddy injects so much of his unfiltered self into the album that no hater can be swayed, but it's his unique attitude that makes Last Train such a delight."
musicOMH.com,70,"Crucially though, what Diddy lacks in eloquence he makes up for in pop sensibility, which here keeps edgier elements the right side of radio friendly."
BBC Music,70,"It's both the sleaziest album of the year and Diddy's intricate fantasy world of mistreatment and vindication presented as a bizarre mass."
Pitchfork,70,"As with most of Diddy's ventures, his presence is largely behind the scenes as he turns in intermittent rhymes and fleeting commentary on the album's story line."
Under The Radar,60,"The album is a mess, but a hook-heavy, likable one."
AllMusic,60,"None of these guests feel out of place here, but not because of the potency of Diddy's vision. Rather, it's because they have made records like these elsewhere, giving Last Train to Paris a secondhand feel."
Billboard.com,50,"Overall, it feels like Last Train to Paris will be an album more tailored to the Pop scene, rather than the Hip Hop audience."


Los Angeles Times,100,"There is no question that this album is a game changer. It's Kanye West's greatest work."
Slant Magazine,100,"My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy is genuinely a great record. [Feb. 2011, p. 108]"
The Guardian,100,"Like Picasso, he acknowledges that the chief enemy of creativity is good taste--which is just as well, since it's not a quality with which he seems over-burdened on My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy. For which we should all be thankful."
Boston Globe,100,"Comparing him to other rappers is pointless: there are other guys with much more technically-sound flows (although Ye is as wickedly funny as he's ever been), but nobody else possesses the combination of hubris, imagination, neuroticism, and drive it takes to make a record like this."
Spin,100,"Cataloguing the perks of power he sounds as geeky as Mark Zuckerberg, and because grandiosity doesn't suit him deep down, the sonic luxuries of this world-beating return to form have no shot at the grace of The Collede Dropout or Late Registration. But because he's shrewd and large, he knows how to use his profits profits to induce Jay-Z, Pusha T, the RZA, Swizz Beats, and his boy Prince CyHi to admit and indeed complain that the whole deal is 'f***in' ridiculous.'"
Dot Music,100,"The end result is a body of work that pushes hip-hop in a bold new direction and puts Mr,. West back at the forefront of the culture once again."
musicOMH.com,100,"He celebrates his contradictions with such musical flair, it's a thrilling listen from beginning to end."
Village Voice,100,"He samples atmospheric noodling from Aphex Twin and bombastic nuggets from Black Sabbath and King Crimson, and he gets help from some of the biggest names in pop, rap, and indie rock. West crafts these influences into a fever dream with a crescendo around every corner - the Beautiful Fantasy of the album's title."
New Musical Express (NME),100,"My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy is his most maniacally inspired music yet, coasting on heroic levels of dementia, pimping on top of Mount Olympus."
The New York Times,100,"Fantasy is the sound of an artist who is so far from shunning the spotlight that the firepower of the wattage pointed at him is a full-on supernova."
Drowned In Sound,100,"The effort to canonize My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy as one of hip-hop's all-time high points is already underway, and I'm confident that Kanye's new album can weather the backlash that all potential classics must confront."
Rolling Stone,100,"With his music and persona both marked by a flawed honesty, Kanye's man-myth dichotomy is at once modern and truly classic."
Entertainment Weekly,100,"Six years later, Kanye is undoubtedly the most openly self-aware MC. And the music world should be grateful to have him. I know I am."
PopMatters,98,"With My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy, Kanye West transgresses paradigms and defies the limitations of genre, thusly granting himself the highest compliment payable to an artist."
cokemachineglow,98,"My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy is exactly as advertised: it's a journey through West's deepest thoughts, showcasing all the facets to his persona (from his bravado to his insecurities) over a pristine collection of all his signature sounds."
The A.V. Club,95,"Dark Twisted Fantasy is an album full off melodic ideas, copious guest features, winding songs, unexpected twists, and improbable pairings."
No Ripcord,95,"Needless to say, West has proved once again that he is most on point in the face of adversity."
NOW Magazine,94,"On Dark Twisted Fantasy, West surrounds himself with gruff collaborators like Pusha T of Clipse and Raekwon of Wu-Tang Clan."
Chicago Tribune,91,"He's the kind of libertine who needs to live on the knife's edge just to feel alive, and Fantasy is gloriously alive."
BBC Music,90,"From nine-minute douchebag manifestos, to enlisting an A-list Grammy ensemble to piece-mealing his album out to the masses every Friday, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy defies logic and it ignores convention."
The Boston Phoenix,90,"Like many of Kanye's brainstorms, it's a crazy idea -- and like many of Kanye's crazy ideas, it works."
Boston Globe,90,"Sonically, the joy comes from the triumphant, painstaking arrangement that undoubtedly went into the production of tracks like 'Power,' the aforementioned 'All Of The Lights,' and the album closing 'Lost In The World.'"
The New York Times,90,"In fact, this record's only flaw is that its scale is so awe-inspiring it tends to paper over any weaker cracks."
Billboard.com,90,"It's totally different from everything he's done while still being perfectly, irrevocably Kanye."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"Fantasy's production is loud and proud, but also poignant and gripping, always hinting at some looming danger."
The Guardian,90,"Kanye is rapping and singing better and with more tenacity than he ever has on Fantasy, but also less often, wisely allowing others to speak for him-every single guest artist on this album senses the moment and rises to the occasion."
AllMusic,90,"Kanye West had to do him; and lo and behold, he has. My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy is the most cohesive and assured record in mainstream hip-hop since Jay-Z sketched his Blueprint (2001)."
Rolling Stone,90,"Maybe it's not surprising that My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy is so seamlessly his personal best."
New Musical Express (NME),90,"The past few years have shown West first-hand what happens when the populace turns against its demagogues, and with Fantasy, he's letting us know that he's ready for our scorn and adulation."
Dot Music,90,"He's had it rough (or as rough as can be for one with his level of talent and success anyway), but once again he's managed to take his adversity and turn it into perhaps the album of the year."
BBC Music,90,"This is not just West's best album, it's a keen contender for the most ambitious LP in hip-hop history. West side story!"
Dot Music,90,"It's the best thing he's done since his game-changing debut, and heartening evidence to suggest the self-professed Louis Vuitton don is in a good place right now."
musicOMH.com,90,"After the celebri-beef and ALL CAPS blog posts fade away, Fantasy will stand as an album that dare to push the entire medium of recorded music forward, for better or worse."
The Guardian,89,"Through thick and thin, Kanye West proves the ultimate curator and host, the master of his domain."
Los Angeles Times,88,"Much of the album has that feel, a collision of grandeur and emptiness, a meditation on the disconnect between the artist's intent and the public's perception."
Slant Magazine,80,"West is far from rap's deftest lyricist but his neurotic grandstanding is compelling and often pretty funny to boot. [Feb 2011, p.84]"
AllMusic,80,"It's certainly good to have West's unique talent back in music, but this ambitious behemoth may be easier to admire than to listen to."
Drowned In Sound,80,"As a whole, the record is a brilliant display of Kanye's range and influences, an opus of dirty hip-hop laid over haunting classically-inspired melodies."
Mojo,80,"Taking things to the next level is one of hip-hop's great cliches, an achievement that West can comfortably claim."
Under The Radar,80,"Musically, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy is a nice blend of Kanye's older and newer styles."
Q Magazine,80,"High prince of bad taste delivers unexpected meisterwork."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"As fatiguing as it is invigorating, as cold-blooded as it is heart-rending, as haphazardly splattered as it is meticulously sculpted, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy is an extraordinarily complex 70-minute set of songs."
Pitchfork,70,"Whether or not this is the best Kanye West album, this may be the one he's remembered most for, the one that may finally trump the version of him we cringe at on the red carpet."
Uncut,60,"Kanye's ...Dark Twisted Fantasy is also the densely-produced work of a clearly erratic soul."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"This album offers beats that retread past glories, and an emotional palette narrowed to a range roughly as wide as West's navel."

Uncut,83,"For the most part, it's easiest to enjoy Ne-Yo's fourth set of well-built love songs on their own merits."
Q Magazine,83,"With nearly as many producers as songs, Libra Scale, Ne-Yo's fourth album, nevertheless hangs together sonically-these tracks move more fully into the synth-drenched Europop sheen that typified the first half of Year."
Clash Music,80,"The real 'concept' here is: Michael Jackson tribute album. And a damn good one."
musicOMH.com,70,"The level of sophistication--arrangements with subtle details, the frequency of slow tempos, a couple well-trodden motifs--lends itself to a couple tepid tunes, but Ne-Yo remains a premier source of R&B that is both traditional and contemporary."
BBC Music,70,"If a little dominated by this trio [Champagne Life, One in a Million, Beautiful Monster] the rest of the album also develops the cool soul player theme nicely, with offers of mind sex and a considered approach in slick fusion."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Comic-book-style inspiration notwithstanding, Libra Scale is enjoyable, but doesn't consistently reach the heights of 2008's adventurous 'Year of the Gentleman' or the peaks of his own stellar track record as a songwriter-for-hire to folks like Beyonce ('Irreplaceable') and Rihanna ('Take a Bow')."
The Guardian,70,"The only real slip-up on Libra Scale is when Ne-Yo moves just a little too far away from the R&B side and a little too far into the pop world....But even that low point isn't enough to taint another solid effort from a singer who doesn't really need trends, fads, collaborators or chart-topping hits anymore to prove that he belongs at the top of today's R&B world."
Mojo,70,"Libra Scale is a tighter, more sophisticated and compelling album that borrows not just MJ's swoony-smooth melodies, but also his taste for roleplay."
AllMusic,70,"Ne-Yo's best songs--like 'So Sick' from 2006 or 'Closer' from 2008, which he doesn't outdo on Libra Scale--are driven by obsessive longing, not self-satisfaction. And halfway through the album the tone changes."
The Boston Phoenix,63,"Ultimately, it's admirable that Ne-Yo felt the need to take listeners on an out-of-this-world ride, but he's at his best when sticking closer to home."
Dot Music,60,"Libra Scale lacks the sparkle found in Ne-Yo's previous work. Much like 'Champagne Life,' there is still plenty to celebrate. Toast it up."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"R&B concept album about binmen turned superheroes. Yup."
Billboard.com,60,"Musically, Ne-Yo spends most of his time here worshipping the throne of Michael Jackson ballads, which suits his falsetto crooning quite well. However, it's the handful of upbeat techno-influenced speaker-thumpers that stand out most, revealing his potential to be a much more versatile artist."
AllMusic,60,"Despite Ne-Yo being absolutely serious about this--apparently, he spent three months alone developing the backstory--it doesn't feel markedly different from his first three albums. His strength remains his fluid melody-writing."

Q Magazine,88,"I can feel my IQ slipping a few notches with the passage of each track on this disc, and gloriously so: it takes brains and balls to make pop this smart sound so dumb."
Sputnikmusic,83,"As Armageddon parties go, though, this one should leave plenty of sweat and confetti on the dance floor."
musicOMH.com,75,"While she occasionally goes too far even by the exceedingly lax standards of a Ke$ha record-really, 'C U Next Tuesday?'--Ke$ha is in full command of her artlessness on Cannibal, marrying airhead kiss-offs with chirpily upbeat, ringtone-ready dance-pop."
Spin,70,"Sure, Max Martin's hooks, and especially Dr. Luke's neon-colored throb push these tunes into your head--they're in top form, aided by the tight focus of an eight-track EP, Cannibal's brevity trumping the scattershot Animal--but what makes them stick is Kesha, a pop star lacking pop star looks and a pop star voice."
BBC Music,70,"Through most of Cannibal, she does the maneater thing as convincingly as PJ Harvey, Gillette, or Anthony Hopkins."
Clash Music,70,"This EP proves Ke$ha would kick Gaga's ass in a freestyle battle."
The Guardian,67,"This adjunct to 'Animal' is unapologetically escapist and highly programmed fun."
Hot Press,60,"Ke$ha didn't really set the bar for intellectual heft too high on her debut, Animal, so it seems like hair-splitting to mention that even with guilty pleasures like 'Cannibal' and, uh, 'C U Next Tuesday,' Cannibal seems to be skimping on the cleverness."
Mojo,60,"Ke$ha doesn't branch out in any significant way here, so it's unlikely to do for her what the similarly packaged The Fame Monster did for Lady Gaga."
PopMatters,50,"Constant club-pop hooks, courtesy of executive producer Dr. Luke (with help from mentor Max Martin plus Benny Blanco, Ammo, and others) render the hypocrisy nearly irrelevant; but if they dry up, yikes."
The New York Times,40,"if her music, which sounds like it was created using a supercomputer analyzing months of market-research-driven algorithms determined by the texting and internet search habits of suburban females aged 12 to 18, sets out to be catchy, slick, radio junk food--mission accompli$hed."

Drowned In Sound,100,"Over the course of Body Talk, Robyn has proved that there's real emotion to be found among the ones and zeros of electronic music, and Pt 3. is the culmination of that outlook: euphoric, personal, and inspirational to the last beat."
Boston Globe,100,"Spectacular Swedish import Robyn continues to languish in the cult-act remainder bin, but these 15 excellently curated tracks (culled from three 2010 EPs) deserve to change that."
The A.V. Club,91,"From 'Don't F***ing Tell Me What to Do' to 'We Dance to the Beat,' her songwriting in that vein is as strong as anybody's. Scattered across her three 2010 CDs is one great album. How I wish this was it."
No Ripcord,90,"Body Talk shows just how easily she can churn out hits more frequently than labels can process production teams."
Uncut,90,"The first genuinely exciting, no-filler, pure pop full-length album since The Fame."
AllMusic,87,"With Body Talk, Robyn ups the ante for pop stars across the radio dial and raises her own chances of appearing on yours. And for all her three-album talk, she never forgets that cardinal rule of showmanship: Always leave them wanting more."
PopMatters,80,"Body Talk concludes a triptych of highly enjoyable pop albums. Let's hope we don't have to wait another five years for the next batch."
Under The Radar,80,"The wistful tunes are the big draw here. They're masterworks of pop production, with Robyn's wispy voice weaving through spinning swirls of sugary synthesizers and hip-twitching beats that make it all but impossible to sit still."
Pitchfork,80,"Robyn takes a range of styles from dancehall and rap to house and disco and melds them with her big pop sound featuring four-to-the-floor beats and thoughtful, unsentimental lyrics about love and loneliness."
Prefix Magazine,80,"It's this underdog story that emphasizes just why Body Talk is such a revelation; it is the musical peak of an artist who has always had a bigger picture for what pop could sound like."
Uncut,80,"Overall, though, Body Talk is more focused than Robyn, and just as bold in the intimacy it creates with listeners."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Body Talk impresses for its thematic focus and laser-precise editing."
Pitchfork,80,"This disc cherry-picks from two previous Body Talk EPs while tossing in five new tracks."
AllMusic,80,"You could argue that Robyn does sexy, bolshy, catchy pop so effortlessly  as evidenced again by the new tracks, especially Call Your Girlfriend  that Body Talk should have been edited into a straightforward killer pop album."
BBC Music,78,"To be fair, she's still in the process of resurfacing, rather successfully actually, and Body Talk is a fine dance-pop album."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"When all three parts are taken together, though, it's obvious that somewhere in that mishmash of tracks, Robyn has truly crafted the Album of the Year. Body Talk, however, is not it."
PopMatters,70,"Whilst this is arguably down to her much-publicised intention to release as much material as possible over a short space of time, one cannot help but wonder whether - with a keen eye on quality control - the Body Talk trilogy could/should have been a truly groundbreaking single album."
Prefix Magazine,70,"So, while Robyn shows that her body can certainly do the talking, when it comes to walking the walk she's prone to stumbling in directions she should avoid."
Slant Magazine,60,"Third mediocre outing in twelve months for Swedish starlet."

The Guardian,100,"Half rapping and half singing, half bragging and half kowtowing, brazening a 'punt' rhyme here and proclaiming commonality with 'girls that never thought they could win' there, she's proud to be shameless, with the hooks to back it up."
Tiny Mix Tapes,83,"Rap's first lady may never get the appreciation brashly expected from the aforementioned she. But Minaj has certainly earned it here."
Mojo,80,"Jamaica Queen;s potty-mouth hits rap home run on brutally enjoyable debut. [Feb. 2011, p. 105]"
musicOMH.com,80,"No matter how many boasts and taunts she drops, it's clear Minaj is proud of how far she's come."
Filter,80,"One hopes that with the confidence this record brings, she'll take a more permanent seat at hip-hop's high table. Because when she's at her best, she's the bestest there is."
The Boston Phoenix,77,"On the heels of the brilliant My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy and the misunderstood Recovery Minaj follows in style by putting out an album interested in both hip hop and music that simply sounds great."
The A.V. Club,75,"Pink Friday shows Minaj is on the cusp - considering her facility with accents, she could be the perfect person to find a new patois, one that's built of separate musical languages but without breaking any of them down."
Paste Magazine,70,"Pink Friday was one of the most highly-anticipated albums of 2010, largely due to curiosity. The reality is that it could have never lived up to the hype it prematurely received. Still, there's room for growth, and Nicki Minaj has both the skills and the following to keep moving up."
Dusted Magazine,70,"For whatever reason, though, the voices in her own head aren't strong enough to out-sway input from others, leading to a few unimpressive moments in the LP."
Q Magazine,70,"It's not everyone who can give Slim Shady a run for his money, but Minaj more than holds her own here, sounding both menacing and cartoon-like and even dropping into an approximation of a cockney accent at one point."
cokemachineglow,70,"In the end, Pink Friday is an ambitious, glossy stunner if fashion week is your favorite time of year, but Minaj didn't earn her diva status this way."
Uncut,70,"On Pink Friday, the year's most anticipated hip-hop debut, she's already rapping about the superstar life."
Rock Sound,70,"Rap's most hotly anticipated debut works best if you don't think of it as a rap album at all."
Under The Radar,70,"Pink Friday isn't a classic by any means, then, but when Nicki Minaj is on fire nobody in hip hop  male or female  can extinguish her bright-burning talents."
No Ripcord,67,"Reinforcing the notion that all female MCs must also sing, Minaj spends half of the album crooning, and while her singing isn't bad, it's dialed into that radio-friendly sweet spot so aggressively that it loses all distinction."
BBC Music,65,"The gulf between Minaj's public persona and her music here reminds me of the criticism laid at the feet of Lady Gaga -- that for all of her high-culture namedropping, wearable art, and big event videos, Gaga's music rarely reflects the full range of her conceptual constructions."
New Musical Express (NME),64,"Pink Friday, while certainly far from profound, is neatly rooted in predictability and vulgarity. But then again, would we have Minaj any other way?"
Clash Music,63,"There's nothing particularly wrong with what Minaj has given us - her pipes are worthy of wide-ranging pop stardom - but the album is a misallocation of the talent and quirk that thrust her into the spotlight in the first place."
musicOMH.com,60,"Her split personality makes for an oddly polarised debut. [Feb 2011, p.84]"
Sputnikmusic,60,"Living up to expectations is tough, especially ones as high as those that have been hovering over Minaj throughout 2010. But it's hard to see who actually wanted to hear a record like this, stripped of curiosities and bombast, that leaves the biggest talent in hip hop with more to prove than ever."
AllMusic,60,"It's this seeming lack of confidence, contradictory to the poise she shows elsewhere, which identifies the problems with Pink Friday, an often wobbly first effort that shows enormous promise."
Drowned In Sound,60,"You're left with an album that's nearly fantastic, the frustrating sound of an artist who can't work out whether she should go her own way or try and fit in with the crowd, even when the right answer is staring her in the face."
The Guardian,60,"Pink Friday wins merely on points, rather than the knockout punch it should have been."
Q Magazine,45,"Pink Friday lives or dies on Minaj's ability to fully embody all of the various personas she toys with, the singer, the rapper, the lover, the fighter, the tomboy, the girly girl, the big sister, the bitch. But she isn't always engaging, and she doesn't always sound at home with this material."
Pitchfork,40,"Pink Friday is full of boring....the most confounding thing about Pink Friday is that it lacks style, lacks weirdness, whatever your opinions of how deeply that weirdness goes."
cokemachineglow,30,"Pink Friday is a real shame, albeit a very well-marketed one, and since it's found its niche, it's no surprise the album was a fair success for Minaj."

Uncut,80,"Though almost nothing on the record will appeal to the people who liked their earlier work because of the girl group connection, fans of cotton-candied pop sung by girls who sound like they live on a diet of helium and gummy bears will find Earth vs. the Pipettes just about perfect."
PopMatters,75,"It's a formula that all parties involved-including producer Martin Rushent (The Human League, The Go-Go's)-know their way around, and thus anyone with an interest in unabashed pop filtered through a sparkling-clean indie-rock lens should have no problem getting swept up in the steady stream of instantly catchy choruses."
PopMatters,64,"Together, Bobby and Rushent steer the Pipettes into charming territory, making up for the girls' gauzy voices with killer songwriting and period-appropriate production."
Pitchfork,60,"Most everything here is played too fast and mixed too loud, the live instrumentation doesn't swing, and the vocals often suggest karaoke Kylie Minogue. But the songwriting remains period-perfect and consistently well crafted."
The A.V. Club,60,"There's talent and potential here to do so by the boatload. But if they continue down this path, holding onto the nostalgia lever on one hand and trying desperately to expand and shed it on the other, they run the risk of becoming something even worse than a handy Sugarbabes reference; in the Pipettes, our generation could have our very own Sha Na Na if they aren't careful."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"The voices can't equal, say, Bananarama's depth of feeling. But in tracks like 'Captain Rhythm'--which partly suggests 'Da Doo Ron Ron' on Jupiter--the Pipettes still ride the dance beat like a rocket ship."
The Guardian,50,"'From Today' and 'I Need a Little Time' may have decent enough hooks and propulsive dance beats, but there's simply nothing about Earth vs. the Pipettes that's distinctive or in any way better than what other '80s revivalists have already done."
Alternative Press,40,"The man who made the 's 'Dare'--can't add enough bells and whistles to stop the tunes from sounding like they've been faxed over from one of Stock & Aitken's duller days at the office."
musicOMH.com,40,"First single 'Stop The Music' suggests they may yet escape this postmodern cul-dul-sac, but by the time they get to 'I Vibe You,' it feels like being trapped in a lift with The Saturdays. [Aug 2010, p.124]"
Under The Radar,32,"Earth vs. the Pipettes sounds like not just a different group, not just a lesser group but, in sadly off-putting ways, almost an opposite group."
AllMusic,30,"This isn't a case of a band branching into a new sound as much as becoming a new band altogether. And this one just doesn't make the cut."
Drowned In Sound,30,"It's not too hard to imagine the Saunders sisters staring aimlessly while some confused producers shuffle the cards until randomly finding their rhythmic groove. And that's the worst think about this record: constantly thinking of the word studio when you're trying to invest some emotion."

New Musical Express (NME),91,"At times the album's lurid sexuality can feel forced: kink as oversold diva commodity. What Loud  showcases best, though, is a star undefeated by her worst circumstances - and finding redemption in exactly the kind of pop nirvana that made her famous in the first place."
NOW Magazine,80,"Pop chanteuse lets the sunshine back in."
Sputnikmusic,80,"More than her previous records, Loud is all about Rihanna's fighting side."
Mojo,80,"This is a more mature nod to the bubbly pop that established her fame. And it's a statement from a woman who's come into her own, and who won't be going anywhere that isn't worth her while. We could all do worse than to follow her lead."
Q Magazine,76,"More than a stocking stuffer but less than an idol, Rihanna has grown into one of the most reliable pop stars we've got."
Prefix Magazine,75,"Loud is, at points, a powerful reminder of Rihanna's skills before the 2009 Grammys incident changed how we read her songs."
Billboard.com,70,"While each track on Loud is an audio Polaroid of past work, there's little evolution. It's evident Rihanna is working her way to the top, but she's been doing that for three albums now."
Los Angeles Times,70,"It is Rihanna's vocal--at once commanding, soulful and vulnerable--that anchors the song, and Loud itself, elevating it from a hit-and-miss collection into something oddly arresting."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"Loud works the pop gizmos as neatly as any album this year, maintaining the Rihanna brand. But the album has a hermetic, cool calculation until it gets to 'Love the Way You Lie (Part II),' her take on the tortured hit she shared with Eminem."
Spin,70,"After coming out fighting last time round off the back of a messy, violent break-up with ex-boyfriend Chris Brown, it's nice to hear Rihanna getting back to something approaching normality on Loud."
Slant Magazine,70,"That voice, when she exploits the grit of that Barbadian burr to the max, is more unique and richly textured than ever, and that and her crack production team are all the personality."
Tiny Mix Tapes,67,"With Rated R, she waded further into the co-writing pool, and the album's resulting darkness could be attributed to her public personal struggles. She goes the exact opposite route on Loud, eschewing any co-writing credits, acting as a conduit for club and radio jams about sex, parties, and sexy parties."
Rock Sound,60,"Maybe the good girl gone bad is getting better?"
Rolling Stone,60,"There is a clear aspiration for this album to be ubiquitous, and well, overbearing with tunes.  Rather than follow the typical pop formula, Rihanna gives an album specifically catered to where she is now with her career, music, and life.  And blaring seems to be the point."
No Ripcord,60,"It's a mixed bag all right. At times brilliant, at others unlike anyone else out there and occasionally frankly a bit rubbish."
American Songwriter,60,"Loud would not sound quite so slapdash if it did not follow Good Girl Gone Bad, one of the best pop albums of its decade, and Rated R, one of the most fascinating pop albums of the same time frame."
BBC Music,60,"Like Janet's last hit album, Loud is a decided step away from its ber-personal, melodrama-drenched predecessor."
Paste Magazine,50,"At a brief 47 minutes, though, it's hard to see Rihanna fans walking away from Loud thinking she's anything other than the coolest girl in her field."
cokemachineglow,50,"Rihanna's latest collection Loud is another sure fire assault on the charts and airwaves. It highlights exactly the best and worst of today's pop aesthetic."
Austin Chronicle,50,"Part of the problem is Rihanna's essential blandness in a post-Gaga/post-Idol pop market, but mostly it comes down to the siren-song nature of her amazingly recognizable voice."
Uncut,40,"The record's best moments aim low rather than loud, with spacious, skittery beats that let loose Rihanna's Caribbean cadence."
The A.V. Club,40,"Pop chanteuse lets the sunshine back in."

AllMusic,91,"Even in their overwork, however, they evince an effort that bears a remarkable resemblance to care-that is, to caring in the best, broadest, and most emotional sense."
BBC Music,83,"Beneath Swift's not-a-girl, not-yet-a-woman sweetness lurks a rigorous and very skillful technique; love may confound her, but the art of expert songcraft clearly doesn't."
Prefix Magazine,80,"At times the self-consciousness of an artist forcing herself into new modes shows  but mostly, Speak Now is a triumph."
musicOMH.com,80,"All of Speak Now engages in that act of making our story hers, and her story ours, which is what pop stars do well."
Uncut,80,"It's provided great fodder as devotees of celebrity gossip speculate on who, exactly, she's singing about, but with Swift's endearing appeal as a singer and ever-growing skill as a songwriter, Speak Now makes for great listening, too."
Alternative Press,80,"She's in a class by herself when it comes to turning all that romantic turmoil into great songs. At this point, she's like the new Morrissey, except with even more eyeliner."
Lost At Sea,80,"Swift still prefers to write about her own broken love stories, the production is still a glossy pop-rock with only the faintest of country tinge to harken back to her roots, and Swift herself is still as dead-to-rights honest as she's always been."
PopMatters,80,"She may be not a girl, and not yet a woman, but on Speak Now she captures that transition with a personal grace and skill that few singer/songwriters have."
No Ripcord,75,"Swift's ability to articulate her vision is growing beautifully. Next, one hopes, she'll turn off that night light and confront the realities that remain, for her, in the dark."
Drowned In Sound,71,"Speak Now solidifies Swift as a pop star in her own right. She may not have the edge of Lady Gaga or the sex appeal of a young Britney, but, much like Beyonce, she does want someone to put a ring on it-even if that does mean meeting her dad and promising you'll love her forever."
Sputnikmusic,70,"While Taylor turns her wrath on a woman who steals her man on 'Better Than Revenge,' she turns that critical eye on herself in 'Back to December,' a thorough apology to a former lover she regrets having left behind. Other tunes, such as 'Mean' and 'Sparks Fly,' suffer from generic and sometimes underdeveloped lyrics."
Kerrang!,70,"Because of the buzz behind it, Speak Now was destined to be a commercial success no matter what. Thankfully, the album succeeds on an artistic level as well."
Q Magazine,70,"She can still sound strained and thin, and often strays into a pitch that drives some people crazy; but she's learned how to make words sound like what they mean."
Mojo,70,"The focus should be that after everything that's happened with her career, I can still listen to a record as uneven as Speak Now and feel like Taylor Swift is somebody I could fall in love with given the chance."
Slant Magazine,70,"With some judicious  let's have it then  tailoring, this is a sparky and affecting record, moving Swift on at a stately and assured pace."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Let's have a toast for the ladies who stick it to the douchebags."
Delusions of Adequacy,67,"Swift's niftiest trick is being at her most likeable when she's indulging in such overt nastiness."
cokemachineglow,60,"Swift's thoughtful honesty and surprisingly articulate take on life should be commended."
PopMatters,60,"Speak Now is no pop masterpiece, though it's sure to be hailed as such in some circles."
Tiny Mix Tapes,40,"Celebrity aside, Speak Now is as hooky as its predecessors but differs in its often angry, spiteful tone."

Sputnikmusic,90,"Some of the cuts may not sink their hooks in immediately, but track for track Hands All Over is Maroon 5's best album, capturing their character and craft in a cool, sleek package."
Pitchfork,63,"Hands All Over reveals less about who frontman Adam Levine is than did Maroon 5's previous records; too often the songs cleave to opaque generalities."
Dusted Magazine,60,"It's an accomplished record for singer Adam Levine and his faceless group, even if the whole affair sometimes sounds clinical in its approach."
BBC Music,60,"Levine and crew could be blue-eyed-soul godheads, the 21st-century Hall and Oates. But they need to loosen up first."
Drowned In Sound,60,"A solid if formulaic record. [Nov 2010, p.94]"
Under The Radar,60,"The rude guitar sleaze of Hands All Over, or the cocky glam-stomp in Stutter's verses show a band who are really at their best when they play pop music like the sleazy rockers they clearly are. In Adam Levine's mind, at least."
Uncut,60,"Really this is lead singer Adam Levine's show. Thus, the band's success lives and dies with his delivery. That delivery remains technically sound, though as a whole, the band underwhelms here."
musicOMH.com,58,"Hands, competent and studio-sleek as it is, too often begs for a fresher muse."
NOW Magazine,40,"Hands All Over won't fulfill Levine's ambition to redefine Maroon 5's identity: If anything, it only steers the band further from the potential suggested by their 2002 debut, Songs About Jane."
Drowned In Sound,40,"It's hard to imagine how Hands All Over could have been any more underwhelming. In truth the only exceptional thing about it is just how average it is."

New Musical Express (NME),67,"The rest of the disc, though, is a rather unremarkable tour through uptempo styles, including techno, bubblegum, and club."
Sputnikmusic,60,"No Gravity is seamlessly crafted but ultimately disposable, and lacks the kick needed to distinguish Shontelle from the sugary, auto-tuned R&B ranks."
AllMusic,60,"Shontelle's diva vocal is pitch-perfect, but given Rihanna's bust-up with Chris Brown the domestic abuse subtext seems ill-judged at best. [Dec 2010, p.113]"
BBC Music,60,"The rest of her follow-up, No Gravity, a competent, sometimes exciting pop album, collects other attempts: in essence, a series of portraits drawn by people with radically different styles."
Dot Music,50,"This follow-up for the Bajan singer-songwriter drops all Caribbean influences and leans toward club tracks mixed with canny pop and emotional, hook-laden ballads."
Uncut,40,"The press pumps up the fact that Shontelle is Barbadian, just like Rihanna, but her functional dance-pop material and temperate ballads could be delivered by any moderately talented vocalist from the Midwest."

Q Magazine,100,"On Body Talk Pt. 2, this eight-track follow-up to June's Body Talk Pt. 1, the Swedish electro-pop pixie uses sleek club music to endearingly explore more unpolished emotions."
Under The Radar,91,"Robyn bounds back onto the dance floor on Pt. 2 with seven breathless, synth-driven gems."
PopMatters,90,"A brief, brilliant record that leaves you panting, Body Talk, Part 2 is the latest evidence that Robyn is probably the best, most versatile pop star currently at work."
The A.V. Club,80,"What Robyn has proved over the years is that you don't have to sound mainstream to appeal to the mainstream."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"With not a single duffer over another eight tracks, it looks like our eventual Best Of Body Talk compilation might just be the album of the year."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Minor quibbles and missteps aside, Body Talk Pt. 2 is a perfectly solid-- and occasionally awesome-- record."
Q Magazine,80,"Swedish popstrel on fine form, midway through her trilogy. [Nov. 2010, p. 114]"
AllMusic,80,"Two thirds of the way through the Body Talk project, it's clear that this experiment is reaping rich rewards for Robyn and her listeners."
Under The Radar,80,"Body Talk Pt 2 is the all-action follow-up: faster, harder, clubbier. There are no tongue-in-cheek dancehall try-outs here, no Swedish folk songs, nothing as quirky as Fembot. This is the Body Talk for people who like their Robyn upbeat, fierce and dancefloor-ready."
Pitchfork,80,"Lady Gaga apart, the most interesting stars in 2010 are women in their 30s and beyond, artists with phosphorescent personalities that might burn the fingers of anyone wishing to mould them. Singers like Alison Goldfrapp, Grace Jones and Robyn Miriam Carlsson."
Prefix Magazine,80,"On the first three tracks, she tackles enduring pop-music themes like love, loneliness and friendship with the kind of unsentimental yet empathetic songwriting fans of the Pet Shop Boys might admire. Midway, her worldly confidence morphs into outright cockiness and the beats grow aggressive."
XLR8r,80,"Danceable, downtrodden songs buoyed by a hint of self-willed confidence are Robyn's specialty"
PopMatters,78,"Somehow the mistakes she made before-experiments with Swedish folk tunes, reggae-pop, and fringe-aesthetic miscellanea, having achieved varying degrees of success with each attempt-have become character-building idiosyncrasies she now seems borderline faceless without."
Spin,75,"Show Robyn some love - she deserves better than one-hit-wonder tag she's been saddled with, and she's finally getting it."
Uncut,75,"Robyn could've put together a single album filled with all-knockout jams, but it's better than she got to exercise her brain trying to fit in everything she wanted."
Drowned In Sound,70,"The album is no Robyn and it doesn't quite match Body Talk (Part 1) in terms of the sheer number of highs."
musicOMH.com,70,"Pt. 2 is further evidence that Robyn is still one of the most consistently innovative major-label pop artists working today."
Sputnikmusic,70,"Most of Body Talk Pt 2 is more of the same, but Robyn does occasionally take some significant risks."
Dot Music,70,"Robyn sings and raps about standard diva themes (dance-floor ecstasy, self-reliance), but the music is deliciously wacked-out."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Robyn is a sharp, sassy star capable of making heartbreaking, cutting edge, electro-pop seemingly with ease."
Q Magazine,60,"It's great when artists learn to produce work that has more than one dimension to it.  Robyn's has two.  I'd just like to see her develop one or two more."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"And what a voice it is, dominating Body Talk Pt. 2 to a severe degree. Her alto, which sometimes mimics but never goes as far out as Kate Bush or Cyndi Lauper's, is like a fluorescent light on her music, washing out everything in its wake. If you love her voice, great; if you don't, it will cloy you to death."
The Guardian,40,"Three LPs in a year is only a good idea if you have enough songs. [Oct. 2010, p. 94]"

Q Magazine,81,"Sara Bareilles returns with more bouncy and intricate piano melodies on her sophomore album"
Spin,80,"This is one mainstream marshmallow with an acidic coating worth a lick."
AllMusic,80,"Despite lushly detailed arrangements, Bareilles never pushes this distinctly commercial gift too hard, letting the songs flow easily and this gentleness is almost as appealing as those classically constructed melodies, tunes so softly insistent they could conceivably appear on adult contemporary charts anytime from 1971 to 2010."
Los Angeles Times,80,"When Ms. Bareilles goes for more straightforward tugs on the heartstrings, she often sounds like Sarah McLachlan's gifted apprentice, complete with Ms. McLachlan's trademark of going breathy at the top of a phrase."
Billboard.com,75,"The singer-songwriter's background in university show choirs serves her well here, as she finds strength in complex vocal arrangements and the sorts of dramatic set-ups that have reminded us, through Fox's popular television show, that the very act of raising our voices can be a hugely liberating act."
Dot Music,67,"On Kaleidoscope Heart, sometimes, as in the airless Breathe Again, all that earnest yearning can make you feel like you've been sentenced to life at Lilith Fair."
musicOMH.com,50,"Bareilles veers between fellow pianists Alicia Keys and Regina Spektor, avoiding either's extremes."
Slant Magazine,40,"Although Kaliedoscope Heart was probably intended to prove Bareilles' staying power, it only confirms suspicions that in some years, she'll be as remembered as Michelle Branch, or Tracy Bonham, still making music, but without any of the mass appeal they once enjoyed."

Rolling Stone,69,"The Remix's 10 songs won't replace Gaga's chart-topping hits, but the tracks offer enough interesting angles to attract Gaga diehards as well as casual dance music fans."
The A.V. Club,67,"The Remix collects 10 club-ready interpretations of tracks from The Fame and its expanded reissue, The Fame Monster; it's a cash grab, but one that handily reminds you how much Gaga has done to push American pop back toward the dance floor."
PopMatters,60,"At 17 tracks it borders on overkill, but that's fitting for Gaga, who has made excessiveness her raison d'tre, and some of the included remixes are quite good."
Observer Music Monthly,60,"On this Lady Gaga remix album, 10 producers and DJs sink their teeth into her meaty catalog--with predictably uneven results."
Mojo,50,"Most of the time, The Remix settles for simply putting Gaga's slim catalog to faster and more blaring use."
New Musical Express (NME),30,"If you love these songs and want to hear them sound different and not as good as the versions you cherish, this record is for you! If not, what you'll hear is a confusing collection of material you didn't much enjoy in the first place sound unpleasant in new, and parallel, ways."

The A.V. Club,90,"Sex Dreams And Denim Jeans is catchy, fresh-sounding and brilliantly self-referential, with an attitude a million miles removed from a major label star pretending to be like, totally, OMG, mental."
Filter,80,"Talent burns through old-skool rap bangers, ferocious electro body-poppers and teary teen anthems  never a dull moment, never an irritating frat-girl with a bottle of Jack."
Billboard.com,70,"Did Ke$ha bite her steez? Who cares? There's always room for another party girl."
BBC Music,60,"Raw, sparse, low-key, vocodered hip hop."
Clash Music,50,"Applying Auto-Tune to her deadpan rapping, she anticipated the sound that helped make Keshas Tik 'Tok' an international hit in 2009. Now her debut album, Sex Dreams and Denim Jeans, has to play catch-up."
musicOMH.com,50,"Uffies long-delayed debut looks to be filled with excitement, but rarely has an album sounded so unconcerned."
The Guardian,50,"The Miami-born, Paris-based socialite subsequently wastes most of her somewhat-dated debut album boasting about MySpace friends and fiddling with torturous, Ed Banger-produced synth pop."
NOW Magazine,40,"There are decent Ed Bangery beats and samples dotted about but for an artist whose talents seem designed around her rhymes, it's hard to be too enthused when they include nuggets like: 'These are the best crackers I've tasted for a long time  can you put some cheese on it for me?'"
AllMusic,30,"Sex Dreams and Denim Jeans really should have been released a couple of years ago when Uffie was at the height of her fame. She should have struck while the iron was hot. Shes missed the boat completely now."
Q Magazine,20,"Without Pop The Glock's digitised vocals Hartley sounds like a karaoke version of '80s rapper Roxanne Shante. [Aug 2010, p.126]"
Entertainment Weekly,0,"I want to say youve gotta hear it to believe it, but theres too much good music out there to waste your time on the bad--let alone the bad that knows its bad."

The Boston Phoenix,67,"Despite her best rebellious efforts, Miley's just not (yet) that thorny a girl."
Drowned In Sound,60,"At times Can't Be Tamed feels perfunctory, getting the job of showing Cyrus is growing up without making her too mature for her still-young fan base and little else."
Slant Magazine,60,"It's a Top 40 record of a high order, packed with electro-pop hooks and big Kelly Clarkson-style shout-along choruses. Cyrus' 17-year-old ire--however genuine it is--just adds spice."
Boston Globe,60,"Her new album isn't half bad. Of course, that means it's also only half good, but Can't Be Tamed is full of the catchiest Top 40 hits money can buy."
Rolling Stone,55,"Throughout Can't Be Tamed Cyrus seems checked out of her vocal performances, singing with neither the tween-queen enthusiasm of her Hannah Montana material nor the confrontational energy of 2008's Breakout."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"It's hard to escape the feeling that, in seeking to establish a more individual identity, Cyrus has become more generic. This is compounded by the fact that the songs just aren't strong enough to overcome the customary production."
Uncut,40,"There's nothing raunchy or attitudinal here, just blustering dance-pop numbers and mushy ballads that owe a debt to Lady Gaga, minus all the flesh, spunk and bonkers stilettos."
Under The Radar,40,"A lot of its songs are ballads that ooze sap like an abandoned sponge."
PopMatters,20,"When you get right down to it, not only is Can't Be Tamed a confused statement of a record, but it's a pretty boring listen as well, as Cyrus hits on tired old pop trends (AutoTune? Really?) as a way to deliver her quasi-edgy new persona to a much more intelligent mainstream audience."

Mojo,83,"Known for her past collaborations with English electronica band Zero 7 and more recently with Christina Aguilera, Australian artist Sia Furler shines bright on her own on her newest release."
American Songwriter,83,"On We Are Born the chanteuse explores more caffeinated avenues...It's party music with a heart."
Pitchfork,80,"While We Are Born may not be as immediate or distinctive a statement as its predecessor, there's ultimately very little about it that doesn't work."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"While the music isn't out of step with what we've come to expect from American pop stars, the difference is Sia's songs here sound downright lived through: See the fragile cover of Madonna's 'Oh Father'' for reference."
musicOMH.com,80,"While We Are Born occasionally lapses into the anodyne, overly tasteful pop-folk balladeering of Sia's past, overall it's a charmingly cheery, light-hearted romp looking nowhere but sweetly, sanguinely forward."
The Guardian,66,"Instead of catering to fans of that slow, sultry earlier work, she's brought in old and new songwriting partners to help her craft a fast-paced, upbeat pop album."
Pitchfork,60,"There's definitely a place for We Are Born in our post-Gaga pop landscape. The album's accessible tunes might not stand up to in-depth analysis, but they stand a good chance of lighting up cheesy club nights everywhere."
Paste Magazine,60,"Stack with drivetime anthems such as 'Big Giirl Little Girl' and 'Bring Night'. Less overbearing is the feelgood disco of 'The Fight' and 'Clap Your Hands,' which may finally make Sia a household name. [Jul 2010, p.120]"
The A.V. Club,60,"We Are Born accentuates Sia's goofy party-girl side: Produced by Lily Allen's mate Greg Kurstin, it's full of up-tempo electro-pop jams that sound like Amy Winehouse covering Toni Basil's Mickey."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Not as good as we were hoping, but still strong enough to make us excited about the next chapter."
Dot Music,60,"This is a fine album for easy summer listening, but the formulaic aspect of the songs keep it from being a classic."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Sparkly fourth set from Zero 7's Australian singer. [July 2010, p. 139]"
Rolling Stone,50,"Sia's ostensible rebirth falls apart once We Are Born detours to bleak balladry with I'm In Here, a pale imitation of her big claim to fame."
Spin,30,"Sia's latest full-length We Are Born, is, in a word, confusing. [Summer 2010, p.85]"

Slant Magazine,90,"Lustre takes on a kind of cinematic joy where Harcourt the long-suffering vampiric troubadour steps into the light and shines."
AllMusic,80,"For those who have heretofore found Harcourt to be a little too melodramatic, this is likely the album that will have them reconsider his work. We all need a little romance, and so much the better when it's delivered with a bit of knowing quirk."
NOW Magazine,80,"The Sussex brooder's first studio album in four years is reflective and occasionally darkish, but he's apparently too entranced by fatherhood to be properly morose nowadays."
Hot Press,80,"Having branched out by working with everyone from Patti Smith to Mark Linkous, one of the UK's most gifted all-rounders returns rejuvenated with a fifth LP as positive and confident as 2006's 'The Beautiful Lie' was moodily introspective. [Jul 2010, p.108]"
Mojo,80,"Lustre is ultimately an album that greets life's up and downs, victories and defeats, calms and frenzies, with enthusiasm.  Put another way: Ed Harcourt will light up your life."
BBC Music,80,"It may be too late for the big breakthrough, but Harcourt has given himself a fighting chancce. [Jul 2010, p.133]"
Under The Radar,70,"Despite its promising start, the album sags in the middle with Harcourt indulging, not for the first time, his love of Tom Waits."
Q Magazine,60,"Harcourt is a singer of uncommon charm, and Lustre is a welcome reminder that when he's on top of his game--which he is for roughly half the record--you'll want for little else."
Pitchfork,43,"When it isn't a high school poetry recital, Lustre often feels like a disappearing act-- an attempt to put on a few musical disguises to see if anyone likes them better than the musician beneath."
cokemachineglow,40,"Rather than take the leap of faith required to create art truly terrible or transcendent, Harcourt has aimed, and landed squarely in the middle of the road, where the world is busy passing him by. [Summer 2010, p.84]"

AllMusic,80,"This triumphant self-possession comes so naturally to Christina that it's hard not to wish that she acted so boldly throughout Bionic, letting the entirety of the record be as distinctly odd as its best moments."
BBC Music,77,"Because she's bold enough to do it her way, Aguilera maintains her reign."
Drowned In Sound,75,"For the most part--and in the album's most successful vein--Aguilera plays a hyper-sexed lover bot ready to tie you to the bed posts rather than tie your ears into knots with a well-executed legato."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Sure, her voice remains full, brash, and loud. But ultimately, so much of what passes for hedonism on Bionic feels synthetic and compulsory."
PopMatters,60,"If nothing else, it all proves that Aguilera is a woman of many parts, which may be the point of this occasionally brilliant and brave, occasionally teeth-gritting and stupid album."
NOW Magazine,60,"Bionic, the 29-year-old's fourth studio release, is a disappointing album that will have listeners asking: Will the real Christina Aguilera please stand up?"
The Boston Phoenix,60,"Buried under reverb, distortion, and computer st-st-stutter, our pop astronaut mostly wastes the forward-thinking production with cringeworthy lines."
musicOMH.com,60,"It's a horribly overlong, confused creation and Aguilera's brash personality and lioness voice are often sacrificed in pursuit of its many different styles. But when its experiments work, she's never sounded so interesting."
Under The Radar,60,"Aguilera has a fantastic voice, which, when used properly, can carry a song that would have otherwise been fairly ordinary (Prima Donna being just one example) and the production on most of the songs is exemplary. It's just unfortunate that either Aguilera or her label didn't have the balls to make a very brave and exciting pop record."
Sputnikmusic,60,"Left unasked is the question of whether you needed that-the bondage theme, the 10-octave tantrum, the synth war, all of that-but don't expect the rest of her new album, Bionic, to inquire, either."
No Ripcord,50,"Daring as some of the tracks are, they overwhelmingly loop her vocal around a generic house lick that has the effect of giving her very little to do vocally."
Q Magazine,50,"Now, on her new album, Bionic, how has she decided to present herself? Mostly as a sexbot: a one-dimensional hot chick chanting come-ons to club beats."
Billboard.com,50,"Whatever the case, for Christina Aguilera, the x-factor has gone. The daring single minded focus has apparently been lost."
Los Angeles Times,50,"Things stall mid-album with a string of dull ballads."
BBC Music,50,"Aguilera's vocal supremacy has always been her multi-octave trump card. Alas, that natural gift is too often negated on Bionic by her penchant for stock step-class beats and an aggressive, exhausting hypersexuality."
Clash Music,50,"In the end, it is Aguilera's overzealous penchant for excess that leaves this comeback short of, well, being any good."
AllMusic,44,"It shouldn't come as a shock that Bionic is not a very good record. What should is that the conversation about how bad it is has become one of the most vitriolic and fascinating conversations pop music has recently provoked."
Uncut,42,"Outside of her exceptional vocal abilities, Aguilera??s main talent thus far has been absorbing and regurgitating trends with such commitment that she essentially disappears behind a calculated varnish."
Slant Magazine,40,"As convincing as she attempts to sound, Bionic does nothing to persuade authenticity."
PopMatters,40,"Sure, her formidable pipes are as strong as ever, but on every song she comes across as a pale imitation of someone else."
Q Magazine,25,"It would've been fascinating to see how far a full-blown collaboration might've taken her, but Aguilera spreads out the songwriting and production credits in search of more hits, most of which come off as flimsy gimmicks."

The A.V. Club,80,"Rokstarr bounces to a beat that feels fresh and vibrant."
Entertainment Weekly,75,"Up-tempo club jams like 'Break Your Heart,' 'Dynamite,' and 'I Can Be' sport melodies sturdy enough to support all the digital detailing, and power ballads such as 'I'll Never Love Again' and 'Falling in Love' do the gathering-steam thing as efficiently as more traditionally presented songs by Diane Warren or Kara DioGuardi."
Urb,70,"This is an agreeable, singles-going-steady kind of collection that should make for endless radio fodder."
Alternative Press,70,"There are vapid lyrics to navigate (Hit the floor cause thats my plans plans plans plans/Im wearing all my favorite brands brands brands brands, on Dynamite ), but they dont disrupt the mood, which is emphatic and rarely sensual: turns out Mr. Cruz has no off switch."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"On his second album, Rokstarr, British pop-soul artist Taio Cruz croons about the highs and lows of love over a wide variety of electronic-influenced beats."
Slant Magazine,67,"The only song of equal caliber to [''Break Your Heart'] on his Stateside debut is the Ke$ha-assisted sexting number ''Dirty Picture.'' The rest of the tracks are forgettable and include a cut for throwing hands in the air (''Dynamite'') and one awkwardly placed effort to uplift (''I Can Be'')."
musicOMH.com,60,"As an artist himself, he's proficient but generic."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Break off a single or two and leave the rest for aspiring producers to study."
The Boston Phoenix,50,"Cruz's singing lacks personality, and Rokstarr is ultimately a collection of decent, but generic, Eurodisco tracks without a star--'rok' or otherwise--to hold a listener's interest."
Q Magazine,40,"Although Cruzs downfall comes when he acts the player (Break Your Heart, Dirty Picture), its obvious his real talent comes when he exchanges vocal manipulation for balladeering as on Falling In Love, and disregards romantic cynicism for a rather hopeful The 11th Hour."
Tiny Mix Tapes,30,"You can forgive Cruz for wondering who he's meant to be for his second album, but we're less indulgent of such wishy-washy nonsense that 'Rokstarr' puts across in the name of heartfelt R&B."

Drowned In Sound,80,"This album doesnt bristle with the sonic daring of Dangerfields usual work; instead, it offers love songs, largely unadorned with stylistic quirks or brash arrangements, a document of a life pulling into focus."
No Ripcord,80,"He is unrepentantly romantic throughout the album, though never quite twee or overbearing, which is quite a balancing act."
Under The Radar,80,"The entire album was recorded in just five days flat. It may have been knocked off in a spare moment between Guillemots albums, but in Fly Yellow Moon Fyfe Dangerfield has made a very early contender for one of the best albums of 2010."
Rolling Stone,80,"Dangerfield was in love and wanted to capture his euphoria as nature intended, and far from being schmaltzy, it's hard not to be swept along by his ardour and emotion; because the songwriting quality is so high, the tunes have an immediate, instant feel."
AllMusic,75,"On this delightfully scrappy, self-released solo debut, the emotional weight shifts a bit more toward the light, while retaining the shoestring sophistication that makes the Guillemots so appealing."
BBC Music,70,"Perhaps deemed too conventional for release with Guillemots, Fly Yellow Moon benefits greatly from its uncomplicated scope and stripped-down recording style."
Pitchfork,60,"Dangerfields solo foray is a (for the most part) sparse production (it was recorded in just five days), and that extra room is a little jarring at first, but fans of the band, as well as the elusive quarry that is love, will no doubt walk away from Fly Yellow Moon a step or two lighter."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"So, Fly Yellow Moon flirts with, but ultimately averts, disaster by virtue of the strengths we already know Fyfe Dangerfield to possess as Guillemots' principle songwriter: a knack for making bright pop songs on a life-affirming scale, delivered with an infectious and indefatigable enthusiasm."
AllMusic,60,"A return to the Guillemots beckons, then, but Fly Yellow Moon is still an enthralling and at times euphoric affair. [Feb 2010, p. 97]"
Hot Press,60,"Though Guillemots have never shied from throwing in any musical ingrediatnt they can find, here that tendency makes for an album that, while strong, comes off a little too unfocused. [Winter 2010, p.62]"
Q Magazine,60,"There is, too, much, that is pretty and whimsical, but less substantial. Another accomplished set, but the real Fyfe Dangerfield should stand up. [Mar 2010, p.98]"
Paste Magazine,50,"Fly Yellow Moon sounds like Guillemots with all the wonky bits weeded out."
Billboard.com,47,"Fly Yellow Moon just can't quite solve that old problem: how to be mushy but not mundane."
BBC Music,40,"His vechile of expression alternates between acoustic confessional and clapped-out pub rock, leaving Dangerfield pootling down the middle of a fairly nondescript road. [Feb 2010, p.81]"

PopMatters,80,"As curious a party piece that is, it rather overshadows their phenomenal way with gorgeous melodies and heart-melting harmonies."
Rolling Stone,80,"They have bell-clear voices, and a spooky ability to envince naivety and world-weariness in the same breath. [Feb 2010, p.88]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"Led by the strident vocals of the younger Klara, it is, however, the strength and surprising maturity of the pair's songwriting that makes The Big Black And The Blue such an impressive first effort, not least on the gorgeous Ghost Town. [Feb 2010, p. 105]"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Their alt.folk stylings are ideal for unwinding to at the end of a long day as it calms and soothes the senses."
Boston Globe,70,"The result is a collection of remarkably accomplished songs. With age, their early lyrical maturity can only blossom."
AllMusic,70,"These 11 tracks wisely elect not to outstay their welcome, ensuring that repeat experiences are enjoyable, if not markedly memorable."
Sputnikmusic,60,"While there are tracks of beauty and wonder, there are duller moments too, where the history that First Aid Kit derive their music from overwhelms their songs, reminding us always of what came before."
Urb,60,"There are a couple of indifferent songs, and the musical arrangements behind those amazing voices are sometimes a little underwhelming  but amazing they remain."
AllMusic,60,"First Aid Kit's debut sounds like a signifier of greater things to come. [Mar 2010, p.90]"
The A.V. Club,50,"In the 40-odd minutes that follow, the sisters' simplistic, repetitious song structures may start to grow stale, and their fine but unfussy folk instrumentalism may seem less than inspiring, but those harmonies are never far from hand, ensuring that The Big Black and the Blue is never less than an entirely pleasant listening experience."

Delusions of Adequacy,100,"The likes of Kate Nash and company have flitted through this piano siren/exuberant dance-diva territory, but never mind, because this gorgeous genre starts now."
PopMatters,90,"Marina & The Diamonds convincingly fight off the encroaching talons of expectation by embarking on a rampant, stomping adventure, letting no idea lie when it can be crashed into another loudly and a microphone placed nearby to collect the resulting sparks."
Under The Radar,90,"An album with a distinct dual personality, Marinas dazzling The Family Jewels pitches the confident, MTV Awards-headlining superstar of our dreams against a more self-deprecating girl-next-door Marina whos dead set on Supertramping and vamping her way out of her fug."
Uncut,84,"On her debut album, The Family Jewels, Diamandis backs up her bark with a promising bite."
Drowned In Sound,80,"The Family Jewels is a record that is creatively ubiquitous and aggressive, traits that make this album not unlike Amy Winehouse's Back to Black or maybe even Liz Phair's Exile in Guyville."
Pitchfork,80,"Her debut skips frrom glam-disco and bubblegum punk, to quavering piano laments and cabaret ditties. All the while, her imaginative reach is complemented by a winning pop savviness. [Mar 2010, p.105]"
NOW Magazine,80,"There is a savvy depth evident throughout The Family Jewels which simply cannot be ignored; fun, serious, poppy and unorthodox, it is an album full of contradictions, but one which rarely fails to entertain."
Q Magazine,70,"The Family Jewels isn't the classic debut album that her early singles suggested was on the way, but there's enough promise here to carry her through the hype."
Uncut,70,"Ravishing yet famished for attention, this overachiever would be bloody irritating if she didn't demonstrate a savvy command of pop hooks."
AllMusic,60,"The consistently diverting changes in style across the album are fine--the wonky 80s shoulder-pad pop of The Outsider is nothing like anything else here, for example. But over 13 songs of Sparks-voice and many similar staccato piano riffs listeners may feel bludgeoned by Marina and her slightly overbearing presence."
BBC Music,60,"Marina describes the album as intricately produced and thats where the problem lies. Such attention to detail leaves some of the songs feeling pretty sterile and, as a result, its a frustrating listen."
musicOMH.com,60,"The closer she gets to herniating herself trying to convince you that you're listening to a crazy avant-garde artist making pop music by accident, the more convinced you become that she's a canny operator writing pop songs and then dressing them up in a multicoloured afro wig and glasses with eyeballs on springs."
The Guardian,60,"Averegeness abounds from budding UK starlet."
Hot Press,60,"A quirky, theatrical record that's full of pomp and self-importance, The Family Jewels is never less than exciting, but it does try a little too hate to be zany. [Mar 2010, p.100]"
Dot Music,60,"Although there is definitely musical colour here, Marinas vocal delivery and attitude has a tendency to overshadow the music, which is often melodically inventive, but we are rarely given the chance to realise this."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"['Hermit the Frog' is] a rare moment of fun, though; mostly Ms. Diamandis doesnt let herself get comfortable. Shes strongest on the songs that nod, obliquely or otherwise, to fame."
The A.V. Club,50,"The Family Jewels seems to be to be symptomatic of a broader trend at the moment to demand our female artists be both credible and commercial at the expense of achieving anything great in either camp."
musicOMH.com,50,"Theres not much variety as a result, despite a wide range of ingredients, and while its possible that liking one song could mean liking them all, its best to focus on a single track."
Alternative Press,50,"Needless to say, that overbearing need to prove herself just ends up being exhausting. But the lady doth protest too much: There are hints of the darker, weirder dance-floor diva she wants to be hiding beneath the avant-garde pretensions of tracks such as Shampain, I Am Not A Robot, Guilty, and Oh No!"
Clash Music,40,"Unfortunately, her constant insistence on being so ham-fistedly quirky and zany soon becomes wearing, and simultaneously rescues and spoils the whole album."
Drowned In Sound,40,"All round it makes for a slightly uncomfortable listen. [Apr 2010, p.90]"

Slant Magazine,80,"The uptempo songs are full of life and happiness, the few slow songs have a subdued grace that is trademark Club 8, and when taken together, they add up to the bands best record to date."
Billboard.com,80,"Whats striking about The Peoples Record isnt just how different it sounds. Its how familiar it sounds while also sounding different."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"The result is a warmly inviting album that's as sweet as it is cleverly composed."
Pitchfork,62,"Though The People's Record contains some of the best music of Club 8's career, it doesn't hold up well as a complete album. There are no outright duds, but the sequence is front-loaded to such a degree that there is an obvious drop-off in quality by the middle of the set."
Spin,45,"Sometimes, the band forms something interesting and new from these starting points."
Under The Radar,40,"Producer Jari Haapalainen successfully blends it all together, but Karolina Komstedt's vacant vocals remian glacially unmoved. [Jul 2010, p.104]"

Paste Magazine,90,"In four minutes of this record there are two tracks that together have more melodies, more moments of joy, than most bands will manage this year."
PopMatters,85,"Nothing Hurts is full of that kind of excitement: the sound of a fast, fuzzy rock band racing from hook to hook, plowing happily through breakdowns and guitar blasts, springing through scrappy melodies with style. It's one of the happiest surprises of the year so far."
AllMusic,80,"Nothing Hurts is a strong debut, even when it's gentle."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"Their debut album will probably not be a Shins-esque licence to print money for the label, but it's a minor triumph as a grab-bag of punky jams."
Uncut,80,"The result is purest punk bubblegum, and deserves to be blasted long and loud all summer long."
Filter,80,"But while youd think the groups hard-punching sound might be sloppy considering how it comes on so fast and furiously, its surprising how little wasted energy there is on Nothing Hurts, with most of any excess burned off of the albums lean and mean half-hour running time."
Sputnikmusic,80,"It's OK to play with enthusiasm. Oh, and also, it helps to have an album with 12 fantastic songs, the way the do on Nothing Hurts."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Nothing Hurts is a more honest, more somber take on the current garage wave. There's no sense of silliness or sniggering irony; these songs were written with a heavy heart, and that makes the record a lot more captivating, and a lot easier to invest in."
Rolling Stone,80,"It's hard to make such familiar ingredients feel fresh, but the sheer zest Male Bonding bring to bear can make even the most jaded palates tingle."
No Ripcord,80,"So maybe Nothing Hurts wont be a record at the vanguard of a movement. But it certainly moves."
Dot Music,80,"Male Bonding brilliantly transpose their neighbourhood's scrufffy, rule-breaking fashion ethos into an exhilaratingly melodic breed of post-hardcore punk rock. [June 2010, p. 96]"
Hot Press,80,"It's lo-fi at its finest and a contender for one of the more impressive debuts of the year so far. Fans of the genre will lap it up and with very good reason: it's short, sharp and straight to the point."
cokemachineglow,80,"Bolstered by Webb's shoegazing sense of melody, Nothing Hurts pushes over and above the static possibilities of lo-fi. [Spring/Summer 2010, p.110]"
The Boston Phoenix,75,"The lyrics do little to stand out, but that hardly blights the rest of the experience. And none of the 13 tracks on Nothing Hurts tops the 2:45 mark, so its a speedy listen."
Mojo,75,"Nothing Hurts is a small step forward for the typically single-note noise-pop revival, although the album is considerably dampened by Webbs vocals; deadpan and drab, his voice has far too much carefully crafted slack to it, not to mention a marked lack of hooks and conviction."
BBC Music,70,"The album coasts through 13 songs in just 29 minutes, making for a seemingly perfect setlist of distorted, high-energy punk."
The Guardian,70,"Nothing Hurts goes in the ear loud and fast. And out the other ear just as quickly."
NOW Magazine,60,"Sparky debut from trio in thrall to US post-hardcore. [July 2010, p. 135]"
Boston Globe,60,"Nothing Hurts ends up being its own worst enemy: it obscures its biggest strengths, choosing not to showcase them but to drown them out in a familiar and uninteresting haze."
Q Magazine,60,"It's a short album, just 30 minutes, and 'Weird Feelings' is one song that stands for most: full of hooks and sparks it's fun while it lasts but over in two minutes and too easily forgotten."
The A.V. Club,50,"Trouble is, after one listen it becomes evident that MB hardly benefit from further investigation  theyre just another hipster band who got lucky."
Pitchfork,40,"Although the album starts off with a bang, it all starts to sound awfully similar after three tracks. [Spring 2010, p.72]"

New Musical Express (NME),90,"With their infectious beats and clear guitars mixed with head-bobbing electronic, New Young Pony Club has what cannot be learned, yet what is one hundred percent necessary for achieving greatness: hubris."
NOW Magazine,80,"The contrasts are ecstatic, setting in stone just how remarkable a comeback New Young Pony Club have pulled off. The Optimist is a super-smart pop album at the top of its game."
Spin,80,"In making this (undoubtedly scary) leap away from whats expected of them theyve pulled off the second album reinvention of 2010."
The Guardian,70,"The tricky second album phase has been completed and its an excellent product. The futures bright."
Drowned In Sound,70,"This whole album holds together in a way that their debut didn't. It's a bold step forward that commands respect and suggests that they may have some longevity."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"While it is still caught a little in-between moods and is clearly front-loaded, The Optimist feels more instinctive than Fantastic Playroom, and is ultimately a step up because of that."
No Ripcord,70,"The Optimist wont make anyone forget Fantastic Playroom, but it does work as a nice complement and shows that the group may have some staying power."
Dot Music,60,"Despite these forays into a wider world, and the dreamy, vulnerable and hypnotic subtlety of 'Stone', you can't help but think that NYPC have still got one foot firmly anchored in the glowstick glimmer of past glories."
PopMatters,60,"It's a clinical, dark, adult pop record."
Q Magazine,60,"Not as instant as the old stuff, but there's more substance here. [Apr 2010, p.116]"
Uncut,55,"The Optimist too often gets lost in non-committal melodies as Bulmer tries and tries again to capture quote-worthy elegant wastefulness."
The Boston Phoenix,45,"It regresses to the essence of an increasingly stale sound with a series of second-rate tracks and bored performances. This is co-option at its base; you were a few years too early, Nick."
BBC Music,40,"Tahita Bulmer, once the coy mistress of nu rave, now singing lines like 'we wake up in the morning and tyhe glass is empty' in a portentous tone, oddly reminiscent of early-'80s Hazel O'Connor, but no more engaging than her erstwhile deadpan party mode. [Apr 2010, p.95]"
Prefix Magazine,40,"The Optimist is an album for people who dont enjoy reading too far into their favorite songs or who dont analyze lyrics and think deeply into melodies. Theres no way to really do that on this album.  Its a poor attempt at a follow-up album. The band is too caught up in being serious to even realize that theres not a whole going on beneath the surface."

The New York Times,90,"Forgiveness Rock Record is not the sound of Broken Social Scene dumbing themselves down; it's the band taking their sound to its logical conclusion. Few people would've guessed that in doing so, they've stumbled upon their second straight-up masterpiece."
Dusted Magazine,83,"Forgiveness Rock Record's thematic bent is mature, and that sense of gravity is embedded into the music, too."
AllMusic,83,"The album takes its cues from its stellar opener, 'World Sick,' which swells and booms and tries to embrace the global and the personal all at once, while never forgetting to swing."
Austin Chronicle,83,"Though they've trimmed their lineup to seven members, the band's repertoire of art-rock anthems and hazy folk jams has survived intact."
Clash Music,80,"It's fantastic, as is so much of Forgiveness Rock Record, a collation of so many talents that it's practically bursting at the seams."
Under The Radar,80,"The breathable production and quality arrangements allow the band's instantaneously familiar melodies to glow. [May 2010, p.102]"
musicOMH.com,80,"Forgiveness Rock Record might lack the romance of Funeral but it's far more alive than Neon Bible, with an urgency and energy that invigorates rather than drains."
AllMusic,80,"Forgiveness Rock Record is less about the eccentric and more about a band that, 10 years on, seems to be coming into its own. The endearing songwriting idiosyncrasies still exist (heck, the band concludes the album with two minutes of indie-soul titled 'Me and My Hand'), but this is a Broken Social Scene more ready for mass consumption. And, for once, that is not a bad thing."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Luckily, the endlessly creative and surprisingly fluid Forgiveness Rock Record dispels any notion of opportunism by sticking to what the group does best: crafting clever, ramshackle, occasionally soaring bedroom pop songs (listen close for sirens) in a big expensive studio."
musicOMH.com,80,"Despite the aimlessness of much of FRR's second half, nailing it is what BSS do brilliantly. There are enough moments of standout glory in the first half to sate any fan of this band, whatever part of their work they admire."
No Ripcord,80,"Across Forgiveness there's countless reminders of why you loved BSS."
PopMatters,80,"It's tempting to hate it for failing to recapture their earlier unhinged, chaotic glory. But doing so would be to miss out on how good they've become (despite themselves)."
Pitchfork,80,"Forgiveness Rock Record is simply evidence of the fact that Broken Social Scene are still very much kings and queens of a world they helped create."
Paste Magazine,80,"A sprawling and lengthy affair, this album rarely falters. [June 2010, p. 98]"
Austin Chronicle,80,"They pare their sound back to delicate guitar work, shimmering ambience and heart-tugging harmonies, making them now as easy to love as admire. [Jun 2010, p.120]"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"Essentially, Forgiveness Rock Record finds Broken Social Scene trading 'big and loud' for 'wide and warm' and as a result sounding like they've really just settled further into their identity as a band."
The A.V. Club,78,"The track 'Water in Hell' is an anthemic rocker with a catchy, shout-along chorus ('From what I can tell/There's water in hell!'), and 'Forced to Love' combines the band's usual grit and a hook that unexpectedly sticks, similar to 'Cause = Time' from its 2002 breakthrough release, 'You Forgot It in People.' Strangely enough, the new album's less pop-driven songs are hit or miss."
Under The Radar,75,"Clocking in with 14 wide-screen songs, 'Forgiveness Rock Record' sounds trim and taut at nearly every turn. McEntire's nimble production keeps all the layers distinct, even when the band is whipping up a tender maelstrom of fey orchestration."
Pitchfork,75,"The new BSS album may already have a lock on most dynamic record of the year."
AllMusic,70,"Their fourth full-length has certain recurring quirks: skittery hi-hats, guitar lines to whistle along to, junk poetry sneered as if into a wind chamber. Blame a new emphasis on songwriting, never their strength, over sound-making."
Filter,70,"the bulk of the tracks are the work of a septet consisting of frontman Kevin Drew, Brendan Canning, Sam Goldberg, Lisa Lobsinger, Justin Peroff, Charles Spearin, and Andrew Whiteman. That makes for a more streamlined, accessible album than many of BSS's devotees might expect, but it also makes for a more mature recording."
No Ripcord,70,"They may have traded in a certain sort of urgency and sprawl, but there's a certitude to the whole affair that makes the album go down easy."
Drowned In Sound,70,"True, at an hour-plus, only myopic fans would contest Forgiveness drags a little by the end, albeit brightened by penultimate Pavement-a-like ditty 'Water In Hell'."
BBC Music,70,"Here, Canada's indie rock A-Team hasn't just reunited--it has border-hopped, aligning with kindred Great Lakes huddle-for-warmth art-rock communards in Chicago, where Tortoise leader John McEntire produced an antsier version of a great BSS record."
musicOMH.com,70,"They've never let us down before, and they don't here, as frustrating as it is to hear the band fall just short of crafting something incredible. All the songs stand up, but the album loses steam and focus and begins to drag by the end of its 65 minute running time."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"As much as Broken Social Scene's identity is wrapped up in it's concept as a collective, their most transcendent moments are not their speedy grandiose party anthems but are instead the small soft details like the band setting into a slow almost improvisational groove in 'Sweetest Kill' or the hushed vocals of Emily Haines, Leslie Feist and Amy Millan singing in poignant unison on 'Sentimental X's.'"
Spin,60,"Though clearly as replete with imagination as they are with personnel, Broken Social Scene would benefit from the attentions of a less indulgent producer."
Billboard.com,55,"Whereas BSS' two previous albums indulge the group's pop sensibilities while showcasing its knack for rock anthems, Forgiveness cremates and scatters these strengths over an intimidating and overwrought runtime."
PopMatters,50,"Forgiveness Rock Record doesn't provide anything interesting to talk about in and of itself. Its actual thematic talking points, as far as I can tell, tend toward political pedantry."
Urb,50,"Unfortunately, BSS spreads itself too thin on the back nine, which, with the noted exception of Emily Haines' yearning 'Sentimental X's,' sounds like solo project B-sides (Kevin Drew's dream echo 'Sweetest Kill' and closer 'Me and My Hand') and studio outtakes (instrumental 'Meet Me in the Basement,' 'Highway Slipper Jam')."
Q Magazine,40,"The album is reliant on the Scene's female associates--like Lisa Lobsinger on the lovely Moroderish cosmic disco of 'All To All'--to bring character to whtat remain some pretty hazy jams. [Jun 2010, p.83]"

NOW Magazine,83,"A one-off that finds Patton remaking Italo-pop standards backed by a 40-piece orchestra, the record is flagrantly enjoyable from first gasp to final croon."
cokemachineglow,80,"Dynamic bombast is his specialty, and amazingly, it all fits perfectly within the confines of Italian pop. As outlandish as Mondo Cane is, it all somehow amounts to the most easily digestible thing in Patton's scattered discography."
Dusted Magazine,80,"He clearly relishes the heightened emotion of his source material, the album wisely avoiding cheap campiness in favour of respecting the music's rich sense of drama."
Alternative Press,80,"While collaborator conductor Aldo Sisillo's orchestrations deserve a healthy dollop of credit for the overall sonic success of the album, Patton's voice is clearly the centerpiece."
BBC Music,80,"These songs, penned by such as Ennio Morricone, Mina and Fred Bongusto, have been treated with the utmost respect. Patton has ensured that they are as authentic as possible by employing a 15-strong band together with a 40-piece orchestra."
Slant Magazine,80,"The Latin syllables are well suited to Patton's croon and snarl, and he attacks Fred Buscaglione's cavalier 'Che Notte!' with relish. [Jul 2010, p.117]"
Spin,80,"Mondo Cane is surprising considering how engaging a listen these visits into grandiose operatic profundity really are. [Jul 2010, p.127]"
Mojo,75,"It's only now though that Patton's fully manifested his passion project minus the avant-garde overlay--and ironically scoring an unheard-of #2 debut on the Billboard classical chart in the process, possibly the strangest highlight yet of a strange talent's career."
AllMusic,70,"Even if this album is a genre exercise, it's still a very fine one. Mondo Cane pulls no punches, makes no apologies, and is impossible not to enjoy on some level."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"There's a lot of beautiful music to hear and Patton treats it all with an admirer's respect, but there is something about Mondo Cane that reeks of vanity."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"It's little surprise that Mondo Cane is an album that--65 piece orchestra or not--is built around Patton's personality and voice, rather than his lyricism in the traditional sense. It's this continuity which lends it an appeal beyond mere authenticity and curiosity, to the listener prepared to devote a little time and dare I say it, research, into the album's background and source material."
Boston Globe,70,"Mondo Cane is a summer-time staple and a faithful reminder that Mike Patton can sing but sadly little else."
Dot Music,60,"On one hand, it's hard to take seriously, but there's something disarmingly sincere about the whole thing and it's carried off with expert skill. [26 Jun 2010, p.52]"
musicOMH.com,60,"A rewarding curio. [July 2010, p. 128]"
Pitchfork,60,"The multifaceted Mr. Patton turns his hand to Italian-language pop songs. [July 2010, p. 95]"
Billboard.com,60,"Patton has spoken about his interest in revivifying and reinterpreting these songs, but here they sound mostly like Patton songs, affected by the same fascination with the quirks and power of his voice that colors most of his work."
Paste Magazine,60,"Unlike Patton's previous forays into the experimentalism of John Zorn or Merzbow, Mondo Cane delivers a more conventional set, heavy on romantic strings and swaying nostalgia."

New Musical Express (NME),100,"At the root of all good music is a dying cause to tell a good story and Future Islands take that kind of attitude to heart with In Evening Air; there is nothing dismissible, or close to it, on here."
The Guardian,82,"What makes In Evening Air a great break-up album is the same thing that makes Teen Dream (2010) a great break-up album: it's not exactly that the lyrics espouse these profound, poetic truths about relationships so much as they use sonic patterns and pretty mundane language to create a sad and disorienting sense of something very familiar disappearing."
Uncut,80,"In Evening Air joins the ranks of classic break-up records in its chronicling of past and lost love."
Q Magazine,80,"Due in large part to Herring's undeniably affecting vocals and lyrical laments, In Evening Air is a record that sticks. It is one for autumn, for spring, or for any moment of your life that is vividly tainted with love and all its trappings."
Rolling Stone,80,"At just over thirty-five minutes, the length of the album works to its advantage too, not overstaying its welcome as well as solidifying the fact that there's nothing exceptionally challenging about In Evening Air."
Under The Radar,76,"Drawing from a few different traditions while making them their own, Future Islands prove here to be a well-versed group of wild, woolly storytellers."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Nothing on In Evening Air quite achieves the slow-burning power of the title track to their In the Fall EP. But as a distillation of Future Islands' textured, unpredictable approach to pop, it's a fine starting point."
PopMatters,70,"In creating a work which pretty much unfailingly sounds like it could have been made 25 years ago, Future Islands have rejected a lot of current sonic trends--only for their sound to land fashionable-side-up anyway. The tunes are the thing, of course, and the tunes are good."
Billboard.com,70,"In Evening Air employs a clear formula where guitar and synth play off each other, where at points they're indistinguishable. It's this close partnership that gives the record an architected feel."
AllMusic,70,"Much of In Evening Air plays like an '80s electronic pop record made by guys who found their substance in post-punk heroes, though they've managed to take those pieces and stretch a new skin over them. [Spring 2010, p.63]"
Entertainment Weekly,40,"With every element wound so tight, the relentless pace grows exhausting over the long haul. [Jul 2010, p.108]"

BBC Music,80,"Overall, this is a fine debut album that does exactly what it says on the tin. While they won't win any points for innovation, Two Door Cinema Club are going to find their way into a lot of people's hearts during 2010."
Rolling Stone,80,"Front and centre is impressive guitar work; the bands got a knack for writing spring-loaded hooks that build into beautiful shoegaze-inspired swells."
The New York Times,70,"With barely a duff song here bar the minor irritations mentioned earlier, Tourist History is an infectious debut that may well divide opinion, but at least suggests that amidst all the uneasy listening and obtuse noises coming out of the underground at present there are still those capable of writing the odd tune or ten."
Boston Globe,70,"Their debut album is a short, sharp shock to the system. Yeah, they may look like a band that would steal your library books rather than your girlfriend, but that just makes us love them even more."
Sputnikmusic,70,"The bands debut album Tourist History is clearly far from original, yet it ultimately wins listeners over with its immediate, enthusiastic, likeable and catchy mixture of ingredients, which results in a sound that is certain to have toes tapping from the pubs to the clubs."
The A.V. Club,70,"While Two Door Cinema Club don't yet have the flawless style or emotional weight of some of their influences, Tourist History just gets catchier and more stylized as it goes on, offering a promising foundation for the band to embellish with even more personality next time."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Two Door Cinema Club show sporadic flashes of greatness and have an overall standard of songwriting which places them among the better new bands in the UK."
AllMusic,60,"There are some fiendishly catchy hooks and very occasionally a real quality to some of the songwriting, enough to suggest that there are better things to come from the young trio once simply aping the already done-to-death genre du jour has finally lost its appeal."
Filter,60,"Their debut is a good deal more engaging thgan any number of Bloc Party or Daeth Cab For Cutie comparisons might imply, however apt. [Mar 2010, p.88]"
Los Angeles Times,60,"Though not without charm. thier debut rarely yields anything distinctive. [Apr 2010, p.120]"
Billboard.com,60,"Tourist History is heavy on big vocal melodies, jumpy guitar attack, and over all jubilance. [Spring 2010, p.66]"
The New York Times,60,"While invention may not be a going concern, Two Door Cinema Club have proven on their maiden voyage that they jolly well know how to sway a crowd with infective pop gems and seemingly little sweat."

Under The Radar,91,"Our Inventions is ultimately an album for modern nostalgistsfolks who miss the crisp electronica and springy pop that originally put Morr Music on the map."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Lali Punas Our Inventions mesmerizes with wonderfully layered and intricately constructed electronic sound manipulations that are tastefully crafted into experimental pop songs."
Mojo,80,"What Lali Puna does, and its very apparent on Inventions, is to really use the simplicity of pop for all its worth."
Slant Magazine,80,"The four-piece, fronted by Valerie Trebeljahr, rarely ever risk bereaking a sweat on Our Inventions. Theirs is a world where icy electro clicks and surges in sublime slow-mo. [May 2010, p.122]"
PopMatters,70,"There are no real standouts, no (relatively) big hooks as heard on Scary World Theory's 'Lowdown'; instead, there is a steady stream of hushed electronic pop songs that is as easy to enjoy as it is to ignore."
NOW Magazine,70,"The whole occasion is more intimate this time around, with vocalist/keyboardist Valerie Trebeljahr's sleepytime vocals nearly lulling you into a head-swaying trance."
BBC Music,65,"The arrangements stick to an effective coast-and-surge model of development: The tracks skim low and then tilt upward with the addition of a drum or synth part. It's a stock trick that works well, and Lali Puna use it with unusual tact."
New Musical Express (NME),65,"The album sticks very much to the template of ambient keyboard pop and an atmosphere of disappointment that past Lali Puna and Notwist albums traded in. That said, it's effective in what it sets out to accomplish and has a silent ambition that is fairly admirable."
The Guardian,65,"Make no mistake, Our Inventions is a very nice album'Rest Your Head' and 'Everything is Always' are precious little slices of pop musicjust don't expect kids who have been gorging on the psychedelic exploits of Animal Collective to flip out over this one."
Q Magazine,60,"Even those fleeting moments of adventurousness are not enough to make Our Inventions stand out in the realm of minimalist electronic pop (can I coin a genre name here?).  Still, I really cant hold its musical ordinariness against it.  Our Inventions is still a decent pop album, and I cant help but like it for that."
Uncut,60,"The results range from sublime ('Remember') to so-so ('Safe Tomorrow'), while the beat-broken 'Move On' and the oscillating breakdown of 'Future Tense' keep things inventive."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Despite its meaty themes Our Inventions feels rather slight. [May 2010, p.94]"
The A.V. Club,40,"Our Inventions feels terminally lacking in ambition and new ideas and a big step backwards for Lali Puna. The music is safe tweetronica, Trebejahrs vocals inscrutable like a tasteful wallpaper."

Slant Magazine,80,"This may be her strongest set of songs yet and, even if not every one of its experiments quite comes off, at least these are indicative of an artist who's not content to cruise on auto-pilot."
Spin,60,"While she has not found Torn Mk.II and continues to prove her weaknesses as a vocalist, Imbruglia has at least shown some much welcome diversity here. That, along with her hallmark sweet melodies, means that Come To Life is at least worth a listen."
Dusted Magazine,60,"Whacking on the slap and going electro needn't have felt so dysfunctional--the songs do hold up--but a complete disjunction in styles sounds confusing and ultimately robs the album, and perhaps her comeback, of an identity."
BBC Music,50,"Pop princess turned electro muse fails to deliver."
Clash Music,40,"There's nothing of similarly instant appeal [of 'Torn'] to be found on Come To Life, despite the presense of three tracks co-written by Chris Martin. [Nov 2009, p.114]"

Mojo,83,"Sometimes she plays the jukebox-sweetheart card too hard, but there's enough modernity here to save Travelling from tipping into mothballed nostalgia."
Uncut,80,"She nimbly skips from 60s girl-group romping (Quick Fix) to Sandie Shaw-inspired melodrama (Back in Time) to pumped-up powerpop (Crying Blood) to rockabilly (LOVE) and sounds entirely assured all the way through."
Q Magazine,80,"Nothing quite matches that burst of bile ['Crying Blood'], but the title track--choir and all--is heavenly. [Jul 2009, p.118]"
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Her enthusiasm immediately leaps from the grooves, but this debut also reveals an emotional and musical range her neo-retro peers lack."
Billboard.com,80,"Its lengthy incubation process notwithstanding, V.V. Brown's clever debut album, Travelling Like the Light, is as genuine, natural, and deep as mishmash throwback pop can get."
Under The Radar,75,"The result is a smart, sharp little sugar high, with Brown working her slightly scuffed vocals over zippy, high-gloss arrangements loaded with ear-candy detail."
Paste Magazine,73,"The British vocalist was pegged as a Beyonc-style pop/ R&B diva during an abortive mid-decade Los Angeles stint. But escaping that environment allowed her to develop the genre-straddling, retro-modern mlange of Travelling Like the Light, which was released overseas last July."
AllMusic,70,"The monster-mash hokum can occasionally grate and Brown lacks El Wino's authoritative way with some of the more downtempo material, but there's plenty to suggest she will find a receptive audience for her passionate pop sound, overbearing quirks and all."
Prefix Magazine,70,"V.V. Brown is a prodigious talent who deserves to have a hit record, even if it's just to reward all the hard work that has clearly gone into this debut."
cokemachineglow,70,"Brown brings that same sense of fearlessness to her vocal performances. With her slightly raspy timbre, Brown makes for a terrific, swaggering frontwoman....What gets Brown into some trouble is that she often lands on the wrong side of the line that separates homage from rip-off."
Pitchfork,70,"Her music floats exhilaratingly outside of time, blending thumping garage-rock rhythms, doo-wop chords, Spectorian girl-group stylings."
No Ripcord,67,"Shes best in the performative, superficial realm, gleefully donning and discarding personas and influences from song to song. Like any good model, Brown is more conduit than innovator, but she wears her sound well."
PopMatters,50,"VV Brown employs enough personas to suggest shes struggling with the decision of who to appeal to. Its a shame that she hasnt got a voice of her own, but thats not to say the album isnt without its highlights."
Tiny Mix Tapes,40,"So where do you go when you've been a backing singer for the Pussycat Dolls? Not straight to the scrapheap but kooky la-la land, it transpires here."
Drowned In Sound,40,"This debut feels more about high budget pop aspirations than the vintage rock'n'roll doo wop influences and 'soul' which Brown has been talking up in interviews. [Aug 2009, p.94]"
Sputnikmusic,30,"Unless youre hyped up on a cocktail of Sunny D and Haribo yourself, youll find most of this album very annoying indeed."

NOW Magazine,91,"All Days Are Nights is both a housecleaning and a soulful wallow. Wainwright's voice rises from the despair with breathtaking beauty, in a friendly rivalry with his rippling piano."
Entertainment Weekly,86,"All Days Are Nights: Songs for Lulu is Wainwright's most personal album since Poses. He makes pain sound beautiful."
musicOMH.com,81,"Some fans may miss Wainwright's more complicated orchestral numbers, but a single piano is all that's needed to show off his immense vocal talent."
Boston Globe,80,"Intimate, intense and up close with the openly flamboyant Wainwright as he offers up himself with no full band to hide behind. It works, too."
PopMatters,80,"Never one to hide his emotions previously, Rufus Wainwright offers a sparse but staggeringly heartfelt collection of songs for voice and piano, influenced, at least in part, by the long-term illness and recent passing of his mother."
Billboard.com,80,"All Days Are Nights is the sound of the man doing what he does best: bruised, tender, emotional and, at times, quite brilliant music."
AllMusic,80,"Dropped in with the more conventional compositions like Who Are You New York? there are wonderful arrangements of three of Shakespeare's sonnets (43, 20 and 10) all sung in Wainwright's elegiac husky timbre plus a song from his opera Prima Donna (the aria Les Feux d'Artifice T'Appellant). Gracefully, though, it all hangs together as one piece. Splendid."
Filter,80,"Wainwright is definitely not an artist short on ambition, and while you occasionally wish he'd show a bit more restraint, most of the time you love him because he doesn't."
Drowned In Sound,80,"The song, as with most of of All Days Are Nights, is a bold, absolutely emotionally naked statement that still retains Wainwright's devastating talent for artful, universally compelling songcraft."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"It's a flabbergasting, intense album that demands intense listening. [May 2010, p.123]"
Dot Music,75,"These songs require patience: Right when you think they'll get stronger, they lose momentum. But then, that's how grief works, too, and Wainwright lays it bare with heartbreaking simplicity here."
Los Angeles Times,75,"These songs (which include settings of three Shakespeare sonnets) are so well-tempered with raw, emotional moments that the album never seems dour or austere. On the contrary, this is one of his most personal, sanguine releases."
Mojo,70,"Like a Shakespearean monologue you're either going to be living every moment with the narrator or gazing on indifferently as your attention drifts away. For those in the former camp, this is a challenging listen where life mirrors art in a profoundly resonant way."
Slant Magazine,70,"All Days remains deceptively complex, no matter its stream-of-consciousness flow and sparse instrumentation. Though subtle, the projected image of Wainwright sitting at a piano merely playing as his whims dictate veils a traditional melodic sensibility."
Uncut,70,"More fascinating than strictly enjoyable, All Days is the sound of an artist shaking his thoughts out onto paper to see what they look like and get his hands around them."
Rolling Stone,70,"Just voice and piano, uncluttered by his hallmark orchestral bigness, it's Wainwright's most nakedly emotional music yet."
Pitchfork,60,"So one third's great and two thirds grate, which is an improvement at least."
cokemachineglow,60,"The music starts to grip most powerfully when it's more allusive and introspective."
No Ripcord,60,"Despite his innate ability to tread just above the banal, Wainwright's lyrics are often glaringly common. [Spring 2010, p.71]"
Paste Magazine,60,"Despite being culled from different projects, far from feeling like a smorgasbord, the songs are undoubtedly all of a piece."
Q Magazine,60,"In the world of the gilded musical scion, sixth album counts as stripped back. [May 2010, p. 93]"
Entertainment Weekly,40,"There are no crescendos, no peaks or valleys. It's a straight line all the way through, which, as we all know from watching medical dramas on TV, can only mean one thing--the lack of a pulse."
Billboard.com,39,"The only things you hear on the album are Wainwright's voice and his piano, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. The problem is that he wants you to luxuriate in both when it's far more likely you'll feel like you're drowning, given how rarely Wainwright buoys the listener with an actual melody or memorable lyric."

Q Magazine,83,"My Best Friend Is You builds on her more conventional 2008 debut, Made of Bricks, with a punchy, almost dizzying mix of garage-rock bedlam, scene-skewering snap, and sweet girl-group melodies."
The New York Times,80,"My Best Friend Is You hasn't got the immediate freshness of Made Of Bricks, and it can make for a disorientating, uneven listen at times. Yet it's never anything other than compelling and demonstrates that, despite what a lot of people thought when she first appeared, that Kate Nash could well be around for a good few years yet."
AllMusic,80,"Not only has the sound been plumped up with girl-group strings--for which thank producer Bernard Butler--she's been listening to Bikini Kill and Sonic Youth and is consequently far more daring a writer and singer."
PopMatters,78,"The album moves from infatuation and jealousy to lust and betrayal to real, young love. And it does so with not just the best of intentions-- feminism, anti-homophobia, artistic experimentation-- but also, in the storytelling style of the Streets or Sweden's Hello Saferide, a set of distinctive, well-crafted songs that should strike a chord with self-deprecating teens and twentysomethings."
Mojo,76,"My Best Friend is You is peppered with pettiness, too, but it's a little more grown-up-and way more amped-up."
Uncut,75,"Nash is at her best here when she's following The Pipettes back to girl groups' heyday, and while it doesn't end with the bang that it starts with, My Best Friend Is You will make most people wish that their post-teen angst sounded this good."
Hot Press,70,"Largely, though, Nash sounds just like herself, and that's exactly when she shines most brightly."
BBC Music,70,"It feels like a definite upgrade for her, Kate Nash deluxe, courtesy of producer Bernard Butler's expectedly lavish touches. But her standard style of outloud diary readings are not privy to the same overhaul. They prevent it from feeling like much of a progression."
The Guardian,70,"My Best Friend Is You is, indubitably, rather daring for a mainstream pop album. Yet for all the Butler-begat polish, it's hard to work out whether it really is a mainstream pop album."
Uncut,70,"Longing for a woman's kiss, f-bombing a girl for selling herself short, and tasting the barrel of a gun, Nash is an oversharing spitfire who won't be ignored--not to mention a huge talent."
Spin,70,"Now 22, she's full-on pissy and proud, pulling from some reliable forebears on this fascinating follow-up."
Mojo,60,"Nash is at her best when she brings that vicious bite into what might otherwise sound like a pop trifle....When she rebels a bit too aggressively against pop conventions, though, Nash gets herself into trouble."
Q Magazine,60,"The aim over too much of this record seems to be simply getting Kate Nash airplay without worrying overly much about a musical backing that suits her songwriting."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Disappointingly, she doesn't go all the way with this new, abrasive approach. Instead, she lets ex-Suede guitarist and Duffy mastermind Bernard Butler smother the album with corny string and brass sections that try but fail to impose a 60s girl-group aesthetic."
Los Angeles Times,60,"Mockney songbird grows up--but is she any wiser?"
Billboard.com,60,"Coming of age delayed for guile-free pop star. [May 2010, p. 95]"
PopMatters,50,"The hit-and-miss nature of her words wouldn't be so noticeable if the music was more of a distraction. But the skittering sub-Motown fare accompanying much of this album fails to muster a chorus worth savouring."
Observer Music Monthly,50,"While it's clear that Nash's skills have advanced light years since Made of Bricks' bang-it-out musicality, one can't help but wish she'd finally figure out what the hell it is she's trying to say."
musicOMH.com,40,"My Best friend Is You fall over itself to broaden Nash's bard-of-the-piano template. [May 2010, p.113]"

Drowned In Sound,83,"As with their last two albums, Clinging to a Scheme stands to further expand the Radio Dept.'s cult. Economy has never been an issue for the band, but here, things are further tightened up."
Boston Globe,82,"Clinging to a Scheme feels more haphazard, more Revolver (1965) than Abbey Road (1969) as it goes from searing ambience (A Token of Gratitude) to the thicker-figured dance tracks. The album leaves you wanting more--whether this is for better or worse is one question youll have to answer for yourself."
Chicago Tribune,80,"Further spins reveal the charms of the non-single tracks, and the whole thing ends up being one of the best examples of all the things that help make Swedish pop so magical. For once, all the pre-release hype and anticipation has been justified; the Radio Dept. have delivered the best work of their career."
Slant Magazine,80,"The Radio Dept. have cleverly managed to conjure up music with a thoroughly minimal feel, despite this hive of activity instrumentation-wise."
The A.V. Club,80,"Its a surprise that the band managed to get through those weird four years and make such a consistent album--from front to back its exceptionally well sequenced."
Rolling Stone,80,"Whether by design or evolution, The Radio Depts third album fits the grand scheme of all things voguish and hazy rather perfectly--though thats not to say theyve made a faultless record, as Clinging To A Scheme arguably hangs from just a few songs."
No Ripcord,80,"This is a solid, feel-good winner of an album that applies enough variety to feature in a number of your day to day routines and make them that much more special by association."
Pitchfork,80,"Ultimately, this is the same Radio Dept. we know, love and hardly ever hear from. Well take what we can get."
Prefix Magazine,75,"If Clinging is at all a departure from the Radio Dept.s previous pleasantries, its along the two most valuable vectors: outward and upward. Although their sound has always seemed certain, its never been this clear."
The A.V. Club,70,"Emerging at the end, the listener has a real sense of having been immersed in something coherent and whole over the course of the 10 tracks; even if at the same time--dreamlike--there may well be no such clear sense of what it all might have meant."
BBC Music,70,"It's somethng fans are sure to enjoy. [Winter 2010, p.65]"
AllMusic,60,"The Radio Dept. are comfortable in their safety, the masters of indie pop/shoegaze fence-sitting, neither here nor there in message or meaning. Its a stance theyve refined with each release and Clinging to a Scheme rocks back and forth cautiously over a safety net of the softest cotton, never in any danger of losing its footing in the first place."
Uncut,60,"A four-year wait is inexcusable, especially when more than half of the album exudes familiarity."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Immaculately crafted, and with a smattering of good songs, it's also disappointingly samey, with all too little standing out and demanding to be heard. [May 2010, p.125]"

The Guardian,80,"On its fifth studio album, 'Fire Away,' Ozomatli shows a remarkable ability to innovate with its most expansive and energetic set in years."
cokemachineglow,75,"Ozomatlis fifth studio release, Fire Away, delivers a characteristic 75 mph, 20-car pileup of thunderous brass and irrepressible percussion from the opening track, which demands to know, Are You Ready? Yes, we are and so is the band."
The New York Times,70,"Its a genre experiment that might encourage more sceptical listeners to err on the side of caution, but if youre willing to let yourself be swept away, then the rewards are worthwhile."
Clash Music,70,"Sprawling LA collective Ozomatli return with Fire Away, their fifth full-length to date, and offer another rich dose of positive energy and musical diversity."
Under The Radar,70,"Now a septet, Ozomatli are tighter than ever. Berg manages to keep the grit and dirt in the bands live sound while adding just enough studio ambience to make the album jump hard."
Slant Magazine,60,"Fire Away makes an energetic fist of recapturing in the studio their raucous collision of salsa, hip hop, funk and R&B. [Aug 2010, p.91]"
Urb,60,"While their verses might be disappointingly lightweight this time out, Ozomatli provides more than enough substance where it counts."
Pitchfork,60,"Though it might pain those fans who prefer Ozomatli to be Ozomatli, the albums best tracks are those on which the band finally comes to realize they can be whatever they want to be."
Mojo,40,"As the tempo drops, however, their shortcomings as songwriters become obvious. [Aug 2010, p.124]"

Q Magazine,91,"Weathervanes' intriguing, thought-provoking lyrics and concept-album nature-it's about a boy who falls in love with a girl ghost-make it a literate-pop gem."
PopMatters,91,"It's the best electronic indie-pop debut since Ben Gibbard last tuned his laptop."
Delusions of Adequacy,90,"By the time things conclude with mannerly closer 'The Great Estates' it's been made perfectly clear that this is a band ready and able to create visions with enveloping scope and delightful articulation."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Turns out you can be the next hipster nuzz band and actually be good. [Apr 2010, p.123]"
Dusted Magazine,70,"The whole thing wafts along in a pastel anasthaesia, Dadone's vocals rubbing against barely-there songs crafted with shards of synth, glockenspiel and harmonium. Conversely, the only times Weathervanes descends into twee is where it tries too hard to be noticed."
AllMusic,70,"Weathervanes, is thoroughly unoriginal in every way possible, even down to the Gibbard-esque vocals. Now, that sounds pretty damning, but fortunately their failures in ingenuity are easily made up in spectacle."
The Guardian,70,"As a whole, Weathervanes is a largely successful and ambitious trip into uncharted territory for the band, and despite its somewhat saccharine sheen, the album wears well with multiple listens and creates a spooky, dreamlike economy of its own."
Q Magazine,65,"Weathervanes is a darling, coherent, and certainly radio-friendly (if at times sugary) record. But on their next attempt, Freelance Whales should tone down the maudlin, veer away from Sufjan territory, subtract a few bells and whistles and grow up with the college crowd."
BBC Music,63,"Like labelmates Passion Pit, Freelance Whales trick out their wistful, postPostal Service electro-pop with just enough record-nerd insularity to fend off cred-endangering Justin Bieber fans."
musicOMH.com,60,"Fans of Owl City and The Postal Service will relish such good clean fun, quite literally when Dadone warbles, 'Don't let the bathwater get too high' on Starring. [Oct 2010, p.107]"
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Though it'll never be powerful or earthshaking, Weathervanes seems to have found its place among the clouds."
Uncut,60,"As it is Weathervanes remains a catchy album that will satiate those with an indie-pop sweet tooth, (the type who can bear glockenspiel on every track) and maybe even offer the odd moment of genuine inspiration. Many of us will find it all a little too familiar and unengaging to get that far."
Billboard.com,50,"Too much of Weathervanes is unnecessary fluff. Of the album's 13 tracks, three are wordless moments of focus-less, meaningless noise and at least three other songs could have been trimmed down by a few minutes."
Uncut,50,"They're underachievers who need to try harder. [Winter 2010, p.62]"
Mojo,50,"Mostly, though, Weathervanes is pleasantly nonconfrontational--like a Demetri Martin routine, minus the funny."
Q Magazine,50,"It's hard to find fault with the album's intricate arrangements and top notch production, but the songs, which rarely change key, begin to congeal into one big independent film trailer montage as the record progresses."
Rolling Stone,50,"A serviceable but utterly derivative slice of twee electro-pop, the album quietly retreads the ground covered by Sufjan Stevens, The Postal Service and Frenchkiss labelmates Passion Pit, failing to form any identifiable shape of its own."
No Ripcord,42,"Most of Weathervanes is serviceable modern rock, so it will find an appreciative audience despite its egregious derivativeness and a lyricist who seems like he'd use the word 'inebriated' to talk about how drunk he got last night."

Austin Chronicle,83,"The result is scholary, sure, but surprisingly spirited, too. [16 Apr 2010, p.72]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"Leave Your Sleep is easily her most ambitious work, yet because of that welcoming voice, it provides familiarity enough to gather listeners inside this world of sound."
musicOMH.com,80,"Former 10,000 Maniacs frontwoman channels Alice In Wonderland with tingle-inducing results."
BBC Music,80,"A highly original two-disc set that as precious as it sounds, adpats poems from such diverse sources as ee cummings ans Gerald Manley Hopkins. [May 2010, p.124]"
Delusions of Adequacy,77,"Its an effortlessly elegant and pleasant ride that even the obvious hip-yuppie trappings of it all cant obscure."
NOW Magazine,76,"The broad spectrum of genres Merchant explores also prevents the set from feeling overlong. She has returned with a painstakingly constructed record that feels light and nimble, a credit to her still-impressive talent as a songwriter."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Indeed, everything sounds so good from a purely musical perspective that the record perhaps doesnt showcase its lyricists as well as it could."
Mojo,70,"This labor of love (so exhaustively researched, so musically collaborative, so many years in the making) is not elitist or pedantic. Its just beautiful and special."
Hot Press,60,"The music is beautiful and the vibe mellow, though Merchant gets Dixieland-brassy with Wynton Marsalis and tries some I-Threes-style reggae. But its like that My Morning Jacket song about the sexy librarian: You wish shed let her hair down more."
Clash Music,40,"To be blunt though, for all the great literary and musical figures involved, the result of this creative vision sounds more or less the same as the music Natalie Merchant has been making for her whole solo career. Only more boring."

New Musical Express (NME),83,"The American Idol season 7 finalist's debut album comes on like an early spring day."
The Guardian,80,"Instead of rushing out a record, he has defined his sound, developed his vocals, and written some strong love songs. The breezy, acoustic-based set, produced by Eric Rosse, is uncluttered and extremely melodic."
Uncut,60,"The timing could be much better, but the songs arent bad at all, with most of the material taking its cues from Jason Mraz, Ben Harper, and other folk-pop heavyweights."
Slant Magazine,50,"The magic of the live performance is watered down and he only momentarily looks to test his voice. One cant help but get the feeling that the potential is there with Castro, but one must wonder if his laid-back disposition could not only be a strength, but also the weakness which limits his capabilities."

Under The Radar,90,"This is an album loosely forged in all those places where pop, rock, funk and soul congregate and it's hard to imagine it all coming together much better."
Q Magazine,80,"Animal Feelings is still more sweet than sweaty, and may not get indie diehards to shake what their mamas gave them. Nevertheless, it more than delivers on the promise of Rafter's earlier music and fits right in with YACHT, Dan Deacon, Bobby Birdman, and the other acts fusing electronic, pop, R&B, and indie pop elements into playful grooves."
Dusted Magazine,75,"When Rafter goes the extra step and fills out Animal Feelings songs like 'No Fucking Around' and 'Paper' with complete thoughts and richer arrangements, he becomes the kind of sonic guru worth heeding."
Pitchfork,70,"These aren't the most outlandish songs but they also aren't the most invasive either; it's all about how much you're willing to let go and enjoy pop music in one of its most honest states. And even if it doesn't move you, Animal Feelings will definitely have you grooving and shaking for quite some time."
Paste Magazine,70,"Despite a few instances in which it forgets that mantra toward its conclusion, the majority of Animal Feelings is a highly enjoyable slice of pop/funk grooviness."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"Wisely, he opts for eqar-popping sounds, great humor, and good times. [Spring 2010, p.70]"
AllMusic,60,"With their stuttering beats, AutoTuned vocals and cheerfully foulmouthed lyrics, these genetically modified mongrel tunes are mostly misfires, which only makes them more intriguing. [Sep 2010, p.101]"
Alternative Press,50,"Pop lives or dies primarily on the quality of the songs, and in comparison to the commercial pop he's emulating, these songs come up short."
Billboard.com,50,"While Animal Feelings has good instincts, it is still too cerebral and impressed with its own production flourishes to actually be fun."
PopMatters,20,"Topping off this overproduced, underwhelming effort are Roberts's over-enunciated lyrics. Even at his best, he comes off like a guy crashing an Of Montreal album."

Sputnikmusic,80,"Yet for all Stride's laddishness, this is a sophisticated album that never coasts or repeats itself. Making pop sound this effortless, this joyous, is no easy task. [May 2010, p.124]"
Rolling Stone,60,"Unfortunately, Scouting For Girls occasionally meander out of their depth. [May 2010, p.102]"
Slant Magazine,60,"Their charm wears thin with each passing track, and Stride's hit-making approach becomes increasingly plain in the process. In the end, it's something of a blessing that Everybody Wants to Be on TV is over and done with in a mere 34 minutes' time."
musicOMH.com,40,"It is full of catchy melodies and hooks. It is extraordinarily lame. Think of Keane, and remove the grit."
Delusions of Adequacy,40,"With Everybody Wants To Be On TV, they've given those masses what they want. But there's nothing for the discerning music fan."
Under The Radar,40,"40 minutes' worth of observations such as, 'I'm a little bit lost without you/ I'm a bloody big mess inside' and 'Posh girls have good manners/ But they go like the clappers' (ye gods), accompanied by roustabout guitar, drums and keyboards."
Mojo,40,"The musical equivalent of a puppy humping your leg. This is not a recommendation."
AllMusic,20,"Because beneath the clownishly self-effacing exterior, there's an artless ambition at work here that's terrible to behold."
Pitchfork,0,"They peddle clichs about ugly ducklings and shagging that are so offensive they make a donkey braying into a bin sound like the ripe observations of a Charlie Brooker column."

PopMatters,91,"Like a garden growing toward the sun, the album warms itself on the vibrant arrangements and piano of Nico Muhly, who also suffuses each song with a cinematic scope that flickers with flute, brass, strings, and skittering electronics."
Drowned In Sound,90,"Go is a phenomenal record with almost every bar bursting with beauty. It is soulful, fun, naive and sad in its own fantastical world; if only life really were this good."
Uncut,90,"Go is a genuinely beautiful, emotionally resonant must-hear. [Apr 2010, p.126]"
Drowned In Sound,90,"As his main band disappears into 'indefinite hiatus', console yourself with the knowledge that Birgisson has just made the best record of his career."
Clash Music,90,"What's really satisfying about Go is the way the soaring architecture of symphonic hipster du jour Nico Muhly's compositional work looms just as large on the more effervescent numbers as it does in these quieter spots - it really drawing everything together into a wonderfully coherent whole, despite the record's ever-shifting tides and Birgisson's violently affecting knack for distilling every emotion known to humanity into a single echoing chord change."
Boston Globe,90,"Even if the era of Sigur Ros is indeed over, Jonsi's solo career contains all the exhilarating promise that a new beginning should."
PopMatters,85,"Icelandic post-rock band Sigur Ros may be on an indefinite hiatus, but the group's enigmatic singer Jon Thor Birgisson, better-known as Jonsi, is filling the void with his first solo album, 'Go.'"
Q Magazine,83,"After a decade spent vacillating between snoozy and sublime, Icelandic dream-rockers Sigur Ros went unexpectedly playful on their most recent studio album, a welcome development that frontman Jonsi Birgisson extends with this bright disc. [9 Apr 2010, p.70]"
Delusions of Adequacy,81,"Much of Go matches the uplift of Sigur Ros at their most dramatic. There's more sonic density here than ever-- Go's cacophony of flutes, piano, horns, strings, and bird calls beg for a 5.1 mix."
Filter,80,"On his solo debut, Jonsi Birgisson--Sigur Ros' spectral voice and six-string skyscraper--embraces a lithe, lush pop his main band is too monolithic to accommodate, and it's revelatory."
The A.V. Club,80,"A remarkable accomplishment on nearly every level, Jonsi has made an album that doesn't just illuminate, but also elevates."
musicOMH.com,80,"It's easy to forgive the album's occasional misfires because it doesn't tiptoe about, eyes glued to the floor, apologizing for its gargantuan ambition. It does cartwheels when it bloody well feels like it, cries when it wants to, and raises the bar for songwriters like Sufjan Stevens who share similarly heady classical predilections."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Go is a joyous and unique work that bristles with the hum of life."
Prefix Magazine,80,"If Sigur Ros never releases another album, as long as Jonsi makes records this thrilling, it'll be OK."
Uncut,80,"No matter the speed at which it moves, Go glows brightly with a formidable sense of ambition and hope."
Spin,80,"As long as nobody mentions Aled Jones, this is exhilarating. [May 2010, p.94]"
Pitchfork,74,"No surprise, this first solo record from arch-seraph Jon Thor Birgisson brims with moments of aural salvation."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"What Go lacks in depth- yes it really is this cheery, eat your gummi bears- it makes up for in being honest. Go is the most candid, open look into Jonsi Birgisson we've ever received."
Mojo,70,"At nine songs in length, Go is short enough that its purposefully naive milieu never becomes rote or oppressive."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),70,"When the loops and beats are kicking up dust, the man's blissful blues feel earned."
Alternative Press,70,"It's a solid album throughout, with satisfying builds and a cacophony of beautifully symphonic music."
The A.V. Club,70,"There's a connection with the contemporary world, with the apparatus and detritus that layers 2010 up around us all, that hasn't really been seen in Sigur Ros's music before."
Clash Music,70,"Sigur Ros frontman goes it alone to exhilarating effect."
Spin,69,"Go, then, is strangely underdeveloped for how overdeveloped it feels; by no means a trifle, it's as hard to outright hate on as it is to be trampled by, just another lovely 40 minutes from a guy with easily another 40 up his frilly sleeve."
Uncut,63,"The disc is an appropriate soundtrack for springtime and new beginnings, and this Sigur Roslite of a solo project does carry Jonsi across the equinox without his bandmates-turned-family-men. But it sounds more like the work of a chick hatching than a free bird."
Mojo,60,"While the rest of Sigur Ros make babies, their singer creates too. [May 2010, p. 96]"
AllMusic,60,"Several perfectly agreeable songs are unexpectedly hijacked by a cacophonous onslaught of instruments, with Finnish percussionist Samuli Kosminen setting the furious pace."
Under The Radar,60,"It's not quite enough to hold Go together as a pop record though, giving other tracks such as the more outre Kolnidur a feeling that they don't quite belong here. But, speckled with occasional bits of loveliness, it's an eminently listenable set."
Slant Magazine,60,"The album's biggest flaw is that Jonsi's opted to sing in English. Sure, we can now understand his lyrics, but hearing about people riding bikes, making out and just gallivanting about derails the experience."
Q Magazine,50,"While Go occasionally possesses the scope of IMAX (and Sigur Ros), it never develops the depth or grandeur."
Pitchfork,40,"Turns out that melancholy is his band's key constiturnt, however for without it the result is a bit too sugary. [Apr 2010, p.112]"

musicOMH.com,83,"I Will Be always sounds erratically adolescent in the best possible sense."
Entertainment Weekly,82,"The result is a more accessible version of Dum Dum Girls, bolstered by terrific harmonies (three of the four girls contribute vocals) and a crisper rhythm section."
The A.V. Club,80,"This rollicking debut album is a balance-redressing, clich-bucking tonic."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Some may argue that theres nothing here the Ramones or Jesus and Mary Chain didnt do decades ago, and there are obvious similarities, to be sure. However, the decidedly female energy the Dum Dum Girls bring to the table puts them in their own category, inserting some welcome softness and subtlety into the genre."
Billboard.com,80,"On her Dum Dum debut, assisted by Blondie and Go-Go's producer Richard Gottehrer, she cages contagious odes to husband-Crocodiles singer Brandon Welchez (as well as anxious ruminations on losing him) in metallic distortion."
Paste Magazine,80,"I Will Be is undeniably derivative--but exhilarating with it."
BBC Music,80,"While unlikely to win many prizes for originality, I Will Be possesses likability in spades, not to mention a hefty selection of demurely constructed tunes that might delve into the past for inspiration but smile brightly into the future as a result."
NOW Magazine,80,"Each song sounds like a distinct ray of light and although its packed into something both concise and brief, its the strength of each song that makes the whole album stand out."
PopMatters,80,"Combining 60s girl pop and 70s garage pop with the lo-fi mist that, admittedly, shares common ground with bands like Wavves, Vivian Girls and No Age, Dum Dum Girls come up with a very relevant and heartwarming throwback."
musicOMH.com,80,"With each offering clocking in around the two minute mark, 'I Will Be' is over almost as soon as it's begun - leaving behind a smouldering trail of hazy mysticism and filthy bass lines. It's short and sweet, but there's a definite sting in the tail."
Q Magazine,80,"All in all, Dum Dum Girls have come into their own with a rare debut effort on which everything comes together in a way where reach and grasp go hand-in-hand. In short, I Will Be suggests that the Dum Dum Girls future is now."
Mojo,80,"There's nothing here that hasn't been heard before from countless others, but it's put together with impeccable taste and--importantly--a skilled ear for a tune. [May 2010, p.118]"
Chicago Tribune,80,"It's a neat homage to '60s girl groups and C86 bands they inspired, spooked-out bubblegum delivered in singer Dee Dee's naive but infectious sing-song. [Jun 2010, p.98]"
Boston Globe,75,"Mostly, though, I Will Be is a flawlessly light album that floats to the top of a lo-fi pond overcrowded with sinking debris."
Rolling Stone,70,"On the whole, I Will Be invites you to be whisked along by the sheer energy burst: the potsnpans clatter of the drums, the crackle and fizz from the amps and the bitter take on romance from Dee Dee herself."
Slant Magazine,70,"The Dum Dum Girls debut, I Will Be, plays like a veritable best-of of current trends in lo-fi rock n' pop. In fact, the discs (admittedly exhilarating) fidelity to the budding-but-already-overdone genre nearly weighs it down."
Pitchfork,70,"Its anachronistic, fashionable and sometimes quite beautiful. Its teen music for adults. Its also incredibly sentimental."
The Guardian,70,"Dee Dees strong, confident voice and songwriting compensates for the lack of originality."
Uncut,70,"The record isnt a complete knockout, but its a nice consolidation of the Dum Dum Girls sound to date and a fine starting point in what could be a nice string of noise pop records."
AllMusic,67,"I Will Be provides a welcome and not so dumb dumb tweak to the same old fuzzed-out garage lexicon."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"With production by Richard Goettehrer, who has worked with Blondie, the Go-Gos and others, sees the Dum Dum Girls sound achieve an authentic, balanced sound, deliberately lo-fi and tinny yet listenable and intoxicating."
PopMatters,60,"Frontwoman Dee Dee's vocals are largely an impressionistic wash, just anther instrument buried in the mix, yet her delivery is impeccable. [Winter 2010, p,62]"
AllMusic,60,"The summery feel and gloriously messy pop sensibility are at times great fun, but with something that is so derivative, it is hard to get too carried away without getting an urge to switch this album off and dig out the originals."

The New York Times,90,"Starting with demo versions of 'For Ex-Lovers Only' and 'Throw Aggi Off the Bridge' that are enjoyably scraggly if not as overwhelming as the final takes. The remaining four consist of new recordings by the original band, though they're not new songs; instead, they're selections from their irregular live sets that were never formally recorded and released at the time. The production style makes it sound like they were recorded at the same time as the rest of the disc, making it a seamless treat."
Uncut,90,"Their pithy discography--a kind of ur-record of indie-pop, ripped off knowingly and unknowingly--is part of their magic."
Billboard.com,90,"Black Tambourine have finally gotten the treatment they deserve. This is essential listening for anyone who wonders where indie-rock's been, or where it's going. The influence is obvious, and the music has never sounded better."
Los Angeles Times,90,"The narratives it employs are true to life, the reverb drenched instrumentation was rightfully summoned, and the substitution of dark undertones over lighter sensibilities that such genre was commonly known for were ditched with good reason. No wonder Slumberland has wholeheartedly embraced Black Tambourine's influence to their label. That's good enough reason to bring another of independent music's long forgotten cult stories into the forefront."
Filter,90,"Black Tambourine is indispensable listening for anyone with even a passing interest in indie pop's past or current renaissance and a wholly welcome reminder of the unwavering greatness of one of the genre's truly seminal bands."
Spin,83,"That Complete Recordings has long gone out of print makes Black Tambourine an essential acquisition for current In the Red, Woodsist, and Slumberland loyalists. And even for old-school adherents, the bonus tracks included warrant a repurchase."
NOW Magazine,73,"Black Tambourine can be amateurish: 'Can't Explain' seems as if it's being held together with chewed-up licorice and broken guitar strings. But it also builds to a fine frenzy that fans of Vivian Girls will find pleasantly familiar."
Austin Chronicle,67,"Even the tape warp of the demos sounds like it was done on purpose. The packaging gets updated, too, with liner notes pondering how so many current bands have added BT's sound 'to their own DNA.' A rare gem that still holds up."

AllMusic,84,"That we're still able to observe the funloving side of the band while also getting to see that there's more to them than that is what makes Two Thousand and Ten Injuries such a charmer. That their compositions sound more precisely constructed and flat-out better this time out doesn't hurt either."
NOW Magazine,83,"In a time when lots of modern rock bands are showing off their breadth, Love Is All has sneakily become notably, and skillfully, diverse."
Uncut,80,"As the hushed, but bubbly bass and stuttering snare give way to cavernous, shouted outero, Love Is All flaunts its expert capacity for restraint and tension-building--as if we needed more proof of how Love Is All is utterly in control of its pop craft. [Winter 2010, p.64]"
Hot Press,80,"Two Thousand and Ten Injuries buzzes with joy."
Alternative Press,80,"Many bands start to lose their way around the time of their third album, but on Two Thousand and Ten Injuries Love Is All sound better than ever and well-positioned to keep making smart, hooky, passionate records for a long time to come."
Pitchfork,80,"On its third album, the group doesnt so much tone this down as weave these elements into a more elaborate and adventurous record."
Under The Radar,80,"Good as a heartbreak-balm, an above-average way to spend a night in bed or just something to dance with your special lady / man / whatever to, Love is All's latest proves that they can be counted on to bring quality pop, no matter what."
PopMatters,80,"With Two Thousand and Ten Injuries Love Is All have created another master class in yearning, defiant, confused and lovelorn indie-pop, the sort of record you wish you had by your side when you were stuck re-heating cheeseburger puffs* for minimum wage in one of Essexs premier petrol station."
Clash Music,80,"This is a great album: smart, thrilling, bouncy, imaginative, sussed, melodic, fiery, punchy, passionate, repetitive, and immersed in the technology of 2010 but the ideology of the 60s and late 70s (and early 90s Olympia, if were going to be exact)."
Q Magazine,80,"Minor grumbles aside, however, Two Thousand And Ten Injuries is a deliriously fun listen, one that manages to suck you into its own little world for half an hour."
The A.V. Club,80,"All 12 tracks on Love Is Alls new LP Two Thousand and Ten Injuries provide instant intrigue, and after 20 listens to the album  its that addicting--not one of the songs managed to lose its initial charm."
Paste Magazine,80,"[Love Is All frontwoman Josephine Olausson's] aim is true on the Swedish quintet's third full-length, a fizzy, exhilarating hybrid of bubblegum pop and bratty punk."
musicOMH.com,71,"Every song comes and goes in less than three-and-a-half minutes (and most in a lot less) as the band makes up in ramshackle charm what it lacks in glossy production."
The New York Times,60,"Ten Thousand and One Injuries maintains a relatively tepid pace compared to their previous efforts, but Love is All havent exactly mellowed either."
Chicago Tribune,60,"The record is a winning release, if not entirely novel, and the sound of a likable band honing their sound while refusing, somewhat obstinately, to alter it."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Ten Thousand and One Injuries works best when the frenetic pace eases up a little. [May 2010, p.122]"
The Guardian,60,"Turns out theyre adept at sad, moody ambience. Wish they tried it a little more often."
New Musical Express (NME),59,"My frustration is simple: not only does the records production drag down what could have (probably) been good songs, the band deliberately downplays its two best players, and everything suffers as a consequence."
Tiny Mix Tapes,50,"Love Is All have turned down the sax, exchanging many of their former bursts of spunk for half an album thats tighter and more heartbreakingly anthemic, and a remainder that drifts into directionless tedium."

BBC Music,80,"Goldfrapps skill at adopting and fully embodying different styles is what makes them distinctive, not necessarily one signature sound. If the album seems somewhat slight, its purposefully so: Head First is a love letter to the frothy, fleeting, but very vital joys of pop music."
Boston Globe,80,"At an economic 38 minutes and free of anything in the slightest bit terrible, you should welcome Head First like the first sun of spring, know it inside out by the time the band are slaying festival crowds mid-summer and possibly buying copies to give to close friends and family at Christmas."
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"As Will Gregory's superimposed sonic backgrounds flit by like the green-screen projections of some fickle, seemingly opportunist sci-fi magician, singer and namesake Alison Goldfrapp's voice--ethereal, otherworldly, but always human--remains a constant variable, the cord that connects all of Goldfrapp's disparate, but equally captivating, incarnations."
Mojo,80,"On Head First, the singer's bandmate-producer Will Gregory creates a pitch-perfect neon-lit '80s wonderland with Hi-NRG bass lines and plenty of that fat synth sound made famous by Van Halen's 'Jump.'"
Prefix Magazine,80,"Remarkably, the bold, full-on cheese works, because this is an album of classic pop. [Apr 2010, p.93]"
Q Magazine,80,"If the album seems somewhat slight, its purposefully so: Head First is a love letter to the frothy, fleeting, but very vital joys of pop music."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),75,"Only 'Shiny and Warm,' a dark-disco burner, recalls the sootier allure of their early stuff; otherwise, ?this is pure Xanadu camp."
Billboard.com,75,"Its one of the most unabashed love letters to anthemic 80s synth-pop ever laid to hard disc....If that sounds like an unappealing clarion call from a dark musical period that youre still trying to forget, this isnt the album for you. But for those of us who werent beaten up by Harold Faltermeyer in a dream, Head First is a wondrous piece of creative anachronism."
Filter,70,"For a band that has proven itself to be fearless, the idea of becoming hopelessly devoted to adult contemporary-friendly dance music is either the bravest--or craziest--move of its decade-long career."
Clash Music,70,"Let's be clear about this: Head First is by no means a bad record, with its lush pop gloss and flickers of melodic loveliness. But it is a bad Goldfrapp record, their flimsiest and least adventurous yet."
AllMusic,70,"There are a couple of occasions when Goldfrapp's new relaxed attitude shades into lazy songwriting: Dreaming and Hunt are bland. But overall Head First is skilful pop designed for adults."
Dot Music,66,"There's plenty of highly stylized fun to be had here. Just don't expect to remember many of the details when it's all over."
PopMatters,65,"Lovely moments abound, but the overall effect is less intoxicating."
Spin,62,"As both a concept and an insular set of songs, it works. But for an act thats always found its footing in the future, its puzzling that the duo find their present rooted so firmly in the past."
Uncut,60,"Head First, enjoyable though much of it is, is disappointingly determined to return the favour."
Rolling Stone,60,"There are instances when the songwriting isn't that exciting, when the choruses don't ascend quite as stratospherically as they're supposed to, and you're left listening to what is, in essence, an MOR pop album."
Sputnikmusic,60,"From a band as previously as stylishly provocative and adventurous as Goldfrapp, these knowing cliches and lush pastiches suggest a band playing it distinctly safe. [Apr 2010, p.88]"
Austin Chronicle,60,"While Head First more than delivers on its title's promise of instant sensation, like an uncorked bottle of champagne, it inevitably loses its fizz. [Apr 2010, p.110]"
Under The Radar,50,"This may be the most lovingly detailed synth-pop album since the golden days of Yaz and Kim Carnes. Yet expert execution doesn't always signal a good idea."
No Ripcord,50,"The duo takes on Italo disco, going by the numbers to create uncharcateristically mixed results. [Winter 2010, p.63]"
NOW Magazine,50,"Goldfrapp make another proficient genre hop, it simply feels like theyre failing to consolidate their last bout of proficiency. They've moved on, changed their sound, and it's just okay... again."
The Boston Phoenix,40,"It is difficult, even after repeated listenings to find something that breaks out of the formula. The only truly embarrassing moment on the album is the title track."

Pitchfork,84,"The 16-year-old's follow-up to last November's 'My World' shrewdly elevates him from a fleeting teen phenom into an evolving pop artist."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Bieber makes all the right, charming moves for a teen, and he covers all the bases. The dance-pop songs are light on the ears yet memorable; the unrequited material sounds deeply felt; the ballads have all the necessary us-against-the-world teen-love dramatics."
Los Angeles Times,75,"This full-length sequel, My World 2.0, in stores March 23, won't likely affect any adults not in the direct blast radius of Bieber's target range. That said, the kid seems to know what he's doing."
Rolling Stone,70,"Despite the clunky moments, theres ample proof that Team Bieber know exactly what theyre doing and who theyre talking to. As youd expect, its the ballads that hit the hardest."
BBC Music,60,"Those who dismiss Bieber out of hand are missing out on a seriously good pop record, one that mines vintage teen-pop themes but plays like a primer on 2010-model bubblegum."
Boston Globe,60,"My World 2.0, his debut full-length album, is far sharper than it needs to be, an amiable collection of age-appropriate panting with intermittent bursts of misplaced precociousness."
AllMusic,50,"It effects a musical anachronism, albeit a catchy one, but in this sped-up recycling moment all styles all at once are grist for the mill."
Billboard.com,50,"My World 2.0 is effective and innocent Top 40 material, if not terribly inventive."

NOW Magazine,83,"It isn't revelatory, but it's a natural fit that makes up for its familiarity with listenability and pure fun--no irony necessary."
Slant Magazine,83,"It's wink-free pop bliss. [26 Mar 2010,p.69]"
No Ripcord,80,"The Bird & the Bee manage to make these very familiar hits sound fresh without radically reinventing them. That in itself is a much trickier move than turning these all into slow acoustic dirges, but it's better still because these arrangements are true to both Hall & Oates and George & Kurstin."
Billboard.com,78,"The Bird and the Bee don't so much recreate Hall & Oates as they modernize them, taking the strictly adhered-to hooks and coating them in shimmering synth lines."
Paste Magazine,75,"Although they polish these radio baubles to a mellow shine, the pair never lose their heads in fandom."
PopMatters,73,"Aside from arrangement updates and catchy synth touches, the Bird & the Bee play it straight as George fetchingly channels Hall's vocal groove."
Austin Chronicle,70,"As the title suggests, it's a covers album, fond and focused."
Rolling Stone,70,"What's surprising is how few alterations are needed to elevate the material from its perceived uncool status to the near-classic Bird And teh Bee sound. [Spring 2010, p.68]"
Urb,60,"The duo has never abandoned the cool reserve of music nerds, but their sound on this tribute has a different sort of ease and confidence; they've learned something from studying their pop music history books."
Dusted Magazine,60,"It all slides down nicely--great bachelorette party music that sounds good on headphones. [Sep 2010, p.104]"
Prefix Magazine,50,"For now, the musicianship is there, and I can't fault them their enthusiasm in the Hall & Oates back catalogue. It's just that Sara's smile gets lost in the interpretation."
AllMusic,50,"No, Kurstin and George's tribute is not bad. It's not offensive. Nor, thankfully, is it kitschy. It's just a bit bland and pointless. Or, if it does have a point or two, they're incidental."
Delusions of Adequacy,40,"They've delivered faithful, appreciative renditions, but the elephant-in-the-room question is why anyone would cop this disc instead of an H&O best-of."

PopMatters,40,"Sweet 7 doesnt sell the Sugababes as individuals or as a brand."
Under The Radar,40,"Get Sexy sounds like a lazy, latter-day Timbaland joint, and About A Girl is a slice of future-house from Lady Gagas chum RedOne. But time was we could expect more than bland consistency from the Sugababes--shame."
Filter,40,"A couple of tracks--'Wear My Kiss, About a Girl'--have escaped with some quirky Britishness intact, but most are in either in thrall to Lady Gaga's robotronic sound or, as with the oozing lust of Get Sexy, just wrong for this particular band. Disappointing."
PopMatters,40,"It clings too rigidly to its electronic template and sorely lacks the breezy pop iinventiveness of old. [Apr 2010, p.115]"
Austin Chronicle,40,"Surely the last flogging of a heavily Photoshopped horse. [Apr 2010, p.100]"
Chicago Tribune,30,"All in all, its a shambles. Incarnation No 4 lacks the interesting feminine insight of Rihannas latest, the flamboyance and balls of Lady Gaga, the nous of Annie, anything approaching the vocal talents of Beyonc or the nonsensical slapstick fun of Girls Aloud."

Los Angeles Times,91,"They could've fallen out of a high-school locker in a John Hughes movie. They're the best Lou Pearlman demos you've never heard."
Pitchfork,80,"As darkly elegant as that pairing might be, no 3 manages better when its somber front is married to blithe surrealism, a feat jj accomplishes with skill and regularity."
The A.V. Club,80,"This mysterious Swedish dream-pop band's music remains hazy--mucho echo, blurry harmonies, soft acoustic instrumentation buoyed by generous synth strings, and a bright white ambience suggesting both sunny Balearic beaches and blinding Scandinavian snowstorms. Yet its emotions are conversely vivid."
Uncut,80,"It feels like a genuine use of the source material; not even as something conscious, like a person that travels around hoping to find new sounds, but rather as an act of dialectical eruption--the past naturally coming back in a different form."
Under The Radar,80,"Essentially, jj have offered a more rounded, somewhat slicker version of what came before, and to the vast majority of listeners the comforting embrace it offers will be welcomed."
BBC Music,80,"Their third album in as many years, JJ continue to gather a pace and 'No.3' will surely propel them further into hearts and minds."
The Guardian,80,"A restful, even romantic experience, Kastlander echoing Tracey Thorn's plaintive soul, in a beguiling confluence of wan Scando-folk currents and American hip hop. [June 2010, p. 97]"
AllMusic,80,"jj No. 3 is an irresistibly light-headed trip through lush, electronic pop. [Jun 2010, p.91]"
Spin,80,"It's hard to quarrel with the 27-minute running time when every second is irresisitible. [Jun 2010, p.124]"
Delusions of Adequacy,75,"Their ability to re-create shrewd discordant pairings in a second set of simple pop songs and still leave fans uncertain as to whether the duo are cleverly cloying or cloyingly clever is what will keep listeners in suspense until the curtains have parted."
Rolling Stone,74,"The duo strays into territories of pop predictability with lines like 'The music stops/And the music drops,' but jj's sophomore effort is nonetheless charming and imaginative."
cokemachineglow,70,"It's the explicit handcrafted quality, indie rocks's loose regulations on sharp and flat, and a charming naivete that jj continue to pull off, despite their winking appropriations. [Winter 2010, p.63]"
Drowned In Sound,63,"There's plenty of pleasant stuff to sink one's ears into on jj n 3. There's just not enough underneath it."
Slant Magazine,60,"Whether the dip in quality is the result of a rush to create new material or whether these are simply the lesser leftovers from the same sessions that produced N 2, here's hoping JJ take some time (and maybe one of those epically blissful vacations their music conjures so evocatively) to make sure N 4 comes out fully baked."
Mojo,60,"On the one hand, no 3 can sound frustrating unfinished. It seems as though something substantially more satisfying would have been attained had the band just stuck with it for a while longer. On the other, it's an enjoyable enough distraction not without its merits. Just don't think of it as the proper progression from no 2."
Q Magazine,55,"This album simply sounds like their first with inferior production and less-memorable songs."
No Ripcord,54,"Late in the record, the perky 'You Know' also stands up to the quality of jj n 2, but between these tracks is mostly B-side fare. It's a shame, but I don't get the sense listening to jj n 3 that jj's best work is behind them."
The Boston Phoenix,50,"jj no 3, in essence, fails to carry the same number of dimensions and, unfortunately, and perhaps unfairly, reduces jj to a hype machine."
Lost At Sea,50,"All residents of the genre are bound to appear lackluster in comparison, but that doesn't change the fact that jj n 3 could have been a strong album if it had been given a longer gestation period."
The A.V. Club,50,"jj struck a subtle and surprising balance with their debut, but this time around, they've withdrawn, letting their techniques dangle in the air, starving for justification. The effort is weaker for it."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"Far from implying that mind-expansion = mesmerising creativity, jj no 3 unfurls like it's going through the course of a drug-induced reaction."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"Ultimately, jj has the concept and the intrigue down; if only they could get their music to match."
Delusions of Adequacy,40,"Mopey, twee, orchestral, downbeat--the duo cover all these bases in the flattest, most sophomoric way. Worse, though, is that the album sounds like a bunch of outtakes."

Paste Magazine,83,"On Hands, musically she's great?at taking superstar glamour to the streets: It's megaclub gold for the broke-ass rest of us."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Rather then shy away behind tricksy, overtly difficult melodies or instrumentation, Little Boots has created a pop record in the truest sense of the word; not only does it fizz by in no time at all, it also doesn't alienate or discriminate."
Pitchfork,80,"Its the type of near-perfect, swooning synth-pop rush that Oakey was riding with the Human League in the 80s."
Boston Globe,80,"Sure, there are special treats like a guest vocal from Phil Oakey (the Human League), but overall, if you like Little Boots, you will love Hands. And not liking Little Boots is like not liking fun."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),80,"For an album with crowded electro-pop instrumentation, the music isn't overbearing, and Little Boots' cheeky lyrics never lose any of their dry attitude."
AllMusic,80,"The directness and consistency of the album's production, vocals, and stylistic approach leave a great deal of the focus on the songs themselves, which is good, because songs are arguably Hands greatest asset."
Slant Magazine,76,"A shimmering collection of sonic treats that delights even the slightest of spectators, England-import Little Boots has exhibited her augur ability through song with a wonderous debut LP. [Winter 2010, p.103]"
cokemachineglow,70,"Hesketh can write a damn good pop song, and whether thats what caused the initial buzz, it's something hard to deny when presented with the cold, hard proof of Hands."
Spin,70,"Perfect pop is not something you can design; its an alchemical accident resulting from a freakish alignment of melody, words and rhythm that unifies all who hear it, an H1N1 strain of music. That Little Boots so nearly achieves the ultimate chart-slaying, cerebral-cortex tickling, Bradford-hen-party-and-Shoreditch-rave-soundtracking album is, frankly, amazing."
Uncut,70,"Hands is both exciting and inconsistent, an uncertain step in very much the right direction."
Alternative Press,63,"The vintage futurism that drapes Hesketh's songs has stayed in vogue, and there's fun to be had here."
Under The Radar,60,"Hands sees the 24-year-old blossom into a throughly modern chart contender, but at the expense of some of that quirkiness. [Jul 2009, p.95]"
BBC Music,60,"While her first full-length album, Hands, smacks of trying too hard (Hesketh skittishly rotated through several different producers, and the sound is all over the map), most of the songs are imminently playable on their own terms."
Clash Music,60,"Little Boots emerges with a debut album that is disappointingly similar to the sound of 2001 or 2005. [Jul 2009, p.91]"
No Ripcord,60,"What the Brit singer does have is a bunch of shiny, propulsive electro-pop songs."
Tiny Mix Tapes,59,"Despite radio-ready production and commercial hooks that tell us we're hearing pop, it can take some hours of intense listening before most of these tunes ever stick in the head, and there's little to no emotional investment."
musicOMH.com,58,"Utilitarian sensibilities typically create better, catchier results, but Little Bootss producers cant help flaunting their knob-twiddling abilities, justifying their paychecks while counterintuitively making Heskeths music sound all the more amateurish."
PopMatters,50,"Its too flabby to listen to as a whole, and unless the label decides to re-release 'Stuck On Repeat' (which isnt a bad idea actually) theres nothing here strong enough to force a mainstream breakthrough."
NOW Magazine,42,"Little Boots problem may be that theres little left to add to her genre: The synth-pop revival has nearly exhausted itself, and Hands ends up sounding like a B-sides collection cherry-picked from the catalogs of Kylie Minogue and Girls Aloud."
Billboard.com,40,"Her debut album, indeed, is something of a mess, the sense being of an artist trying to run before she can walk. [Jul 2009, p.123]"

Q Magazine,83,"The Michael Buble-averse among us are in for a very pleasant revelation. [26 Mar 2010, p.69]"
Drowned In Sound,82,"While many artists sound anything but comfortable breaking these kinds of musical barriers, Cullum proves once again that he sounds most like himself when the walls come tumbling down."
Dusted Magazine,80,"So we get stomping piano pop hits (I'm All Over It), supper-club R&B (a cover of Rihanna's Don't Stop The Music) and finger-clicken' ruminations on the stage of the planet (Wheels, If I Ruled the World). Proof the thrill is in the chase. [Dec 2009, p.111]"
Rolling Stone,70,"Too many songs on The Pursuit paint their singer as an un-self-conscious lout, too sure of his hand (We Run Things) or his taste (Mixtape) or his centrality in the world (Wheels)."
Austin Chronicle,70,"Much of The Pursuit mines this fertilely mellow vein, producing a bunch of understatedly melodic music whose consistency only suggests that Cullum should stop dabbling with detours and just accept his strength as a soft rock singer/songwriter."
Dot Music,70,"This is exuberant music that shouldnt seem too jazzy for radio listeners, even if Cullum does include a lightening piano solo in the middle."
Mojo,60,"First new solo album for four years from the young jazz maverick."
The Guardian,60,"There's a swaggering big-band reading of 'Just One Of Those Things' and a clever soul-jazz recasting of Rhianna's 'Don't Stop The Music', but otherwise Cullum has morphed into a kind of Britpop Randy Newman, which suits him well on the excellent 'I'm All Over It'. [Dec 2009, p. 87]"
Hot Press,60,"Jazz maestro takes a turn towards the electro."

Q Magazine,90,"The result of this is that many songs here, like Elbow's Mirrorball, are fairly modern, and Gabriel rarely dips into the obvious rock canon (Heroes  aside). And the sparseness of the arrangements around the singers tender vocals makes this a thing of beauty."
Drowned In Sound,80,"He slows the songs' tempos and sets them to string arrangements that range from filmic and lush to something approaching the icy screech essayed by John Cale on Nico's Marble Index."
Prefix Magazine,80,"But perhaps the most effective retread is Talking Heads' 'Listening Wind': Gabriel removes the funk, parks the dance, and leaves the words to do the work."
Filter,80,"Drum and guitar free, with stark string orchestration, this imaginatively selected and sequenced collection achieves such a haunting consistency of tone that its spell lingers long after the speakers fall silent."
Austin Chronicle,80,"An album to make you happy feeling sad, Scratch My Back gets better with each play; it might just turn out to be the best surprise present of the year. [Mar 2010, p.88]"
The Boston Phoenix,80,"As a covers album, this is about as good as it gets. [Mar 2010, p.104]"
musicOMH.com,75,"No individual rendition improves ?notably on its source material, ?but taken together they form a nicely melancholy suite."
Tiny Mix Tapes,75,"These songs deserve Gabriel's serious consideration, as do all of his choices--there's not a dud among them. Yet it's impossible to not pine for some rhythm here and a chance for this outstanding ballad singer to also show off his intact talent for soulful whooping and wailing."
Pitchfork,73,"It may take listeners a while to wrap their heads (and ears) around Scratch My Back, but it will undoubtedly polarize an audience that has long awaited something new from Gabriel."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"In spite of the lack of original material, Scratch My Back is as rewarding an experience as a brand-new studio album could be, as it stands as a potent display of Gabriels power as a performer."
AllMusic,60,"Mostly, it works well. Intriguingly, Gabriel fares better with more recent material."
BBC Music,60,"Ultimately this is not the artistic disaster it could have been, for despite some uncertainties it is clear Peter Gabriel has plenty of original thoughts to add to these songs."
Uncut,60,"It's a decent enough, darkly-shaded mainstream pop album, but the concept is distracting."
Mojo,60,"His voice, still a dynamic instrument that can leap from meek to menacing, is very much out front, prowling over spare, sometimes lugubrious reworkings. At the albums best, the results are head-spinning....At its worst, a few songs feel plodding and insular."
BBC Music,50,"Gabriels decision to pay homage to the core essentials underpinning these songs is a noble one, he also sacrifices many essential ingredients: rhythmic drive, dynamic surprise, harmonic and textural variety. As experiments go, Scratch My Back ranks as a well-intentioned dud."
PopMatters,50,"Much of this material feels beneath him. What doesn't initially is brought down to that level by an absence of any real idea of how to give these songs a distinctive cast."
Rolling Stone,50,"Scratch comes off like a ponderous exercise in re-branding--an uncomfortable place to be for one of pops great innovators."
AllMusic,50,"This tribute to 12 of Peter Gabriel's favorite songwriters is a cool idea that turns into a stone bore."
Q Magazine,50,"Is this the groundbreaking work we'd perhaps hoped for during the album's initial release, an effort worthy of that preliminary giddiness?  Sadly, no.  Is it an interesting mix of tracks that confronts listeners with reimaging of songs so deeply tied to our heart strings we have no choice but to carefully imbibe and evaluate each note?  Sure."
Alternative Press,45,"Every song on Scratch My Back, regardless of its original tone or meaning, is flattened out and turned into this one melodramatic and depressing thing, often with Gabriel whispering half the words to go with the ultra-slow tempos."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),30,"As with all covers records, the crucial issue is whether these renditions bring anything new to these songs. The answer is a resounding no."

Rolling Stone,91,"In the end, Fight Softly is one of those crossover records that doesnt have to compromise much to appeal to everyone."
AllMusic,80,"Fight Softly is, while not a game-changer, certainly a level-raiser. It glistens with pop immediacy, rollicks with breathtaking percussive interpositions, and clatters to a beat entirely of its own construct."
Filter,80,"Yet despite the gadgetry that went into the albums production, Fight Softly is still a sunny piece of work, filled with gorgeous pop melodies that are complex but rarely challenging."
XLR8r,80,"Lovely, life-affirming stuff. [Apr 2010, p.97]"
Spin,80,"Fight Softly isnt in the same league as Clouds Taste Metallic however, which, lets face it, is among the very faintest of criticisms, but the fact remains that it is slightly hit and miss in places."
Urb,80,"With sounds plucked from here, there and everywhere, it's an ambitious collection, but singer Ryan McPhun's gentle voice lends this second album by the Kiwis a beautiful tone."
AllMusic,72,"While rarely graceless and often impressive (Two Humans, worth noting, develops into something sexy before going for broke), everything on Fight Softly just seems too much. Theres a lot thats pretty here--but theres a lot."
Alternative Press,70,"Words tend to be swallowed in the mix, but what floats through hints at memories and self-searching: a carnival of introspection."
Sputnikmusic,70,"The endless experimentation can grate but Fight Softly is a bold attempt to further stretch pop music."
The New York Times,70,"Fight Softly melds simple, fun pop with colorful foreign tones and demonstrate The Ruby Suns' unique and facinating approach to world-pop. [Winter 2010, p.65]"
Pitchfork,70,"While their third album, Fight Softly, hasn't quite hit on anything new under the shimmering pop sun, it's a capable display of borrowing and synthesizing that should help to differentiate the Suns from complacent trend-followers who draw on similar influences."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"But for all the labels and feelings the album conjures and provokes, Fight Softly ends up sounding like a bunch of beats and blips gesticulating wildly instead of a cohesive body of melodies and songs."
NOW Magazine,61,"It's a true departure in sound and method; this is not a lazy or complacent record. McPhun, though, never settles into these new sounds, and Fight Softly retains very little of the ease and abandon that, to date, had marked the Ruby Suns."
PopMatters,60,"While he's putting love into these rippling, galloping beats, the vocal melodies get a little samey. [Apr 2010, p.103]"
Dusted Magazine,60,"It may lack enough heavy hitters to equal the sucess of 'Merriweather Post Pavilion,' yet the aptly named McPhun has created a Technicolor, synapse-tickling delight. [Apr 2010, p.119]"
Under The Radar,60,"While hardly acting as a complete departure from previous efforts, the Ruby Suns third outing regrettably cuts itself off at the knees too often to be considered either progressive or a total success."
The Boston Phoenix,50,"Surprisingly enough, it lacks a strong sense of focus (something the creative basking of Sea Lion honed in on) and for all of its elements of sweeping grandiosity, they never seem to have much of a purpose."
The A.V. Club,40,"With Fight Softly they seem so out of sync, so bland and so disappointing."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),40,"Vocalist Ryan McPhun deftly walks the line between embarassing naivete and calculation."

musicOMH.com,80,"Some listeners may pine for the less streamlined, less electronic, arguably more personable style of their debut, which after all peddled a distinctly different shade of retro-pop nostalgia, but those willing to move with the times (or rather, the 20-year revival cycle) will agree that the 'Beat have crafted another winner."
cokemachineglow,60,"The glee that infused that first album has been swamped by endless staccato synth or piano riffs, all of which sound like a score of minor hits from a generation ago."
The A.V. Club,60,"The sextet have simply folowed their instincts and made a gloriously upbeat pop collection, packed with kitchen-sink productions and thumping choruses, invariably underpinned by Rasmus Nagel's stentorian keyboards. [Apr 2010, p.106]"
Pitchfork,50,"One wonders if those responsible for this platter of past-perishable pop mimicry, these clichd regurgitations of ubiquitous motifs, are indeed the same Danes who wowed admirers of sparkly melodies and insatiable hooks only a single springtime equinox ago."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),50,"So far, so deliriously cheesy. Unfortunately, the remainder of The Beat Is... lacks any sparkle or panache, with the band falling foul of a very current musical disease; the Auto-Tune obsession."
Dusted Magazine,50,"The result is stronger than you might think, but too inconsistent and devoid of depth to stand out on a battlefield where Gaga rules all."
Spin,40,"Maybe the cycles of nostalgia may yet surprise us, but the group's puppyish enthusiasm can't redeem one of the less charming periods in pop history. [Apr 2010, p.81]"

Under The Radar,81,"Merriweather delivers just fine in his own right, with a soulful voice of the Otis Redding/Al Green/Marvin Gaye variety and lushly arranged songs that channel an array of influences from early Elton John ('For Your Money') to vintage Holland-Dozier-Holland  ('Impossible')."
Sputnikmusic,80,"Ronson fatigue will probably prove his undoing, but this is a very good album. [May 2009, p.87]"
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"It would be easy to write off the album as pastiche but a confessional, honky-tonk-styled 'Cigarettes,' and the grit Merriweather puts into the immaculately fashioned grooves, show he's more about feel than fashion. [Jul 2009, p.95]"
PopMatters,60,"This Ronson-produced collection of swinging '60s pop and blue-eyed soul is still well-crafted, with standouts. The problem is Merriweather's voice, which is technically agile but emotionally anodyne. [Jul 2009, p.127]"
Q Magazine,50,"Love & War is sharp and bright, full of limpid melodies, punchy brass arrangements and, in songs like 'Change' (with rapping by Wale), beats that gesture to 1974 but feel thoroughly 2010."

Mojo,90,"That the record plays out so consistently and yet flows with such apparent ease is testament to the skills honed by the band since its inception back in Copenhagen in 2000."
Filter,89,"The band's third LP scales back and sharpens the electronic textures and cinematic sweep that defined 2007's 'Parades,' and the result is Efterklang's most immediate work."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Magic Chairs is an album that understands the importance of harmonies, and the importance of the score."
Rolling Stone,80,"A very satisfying addition to an already impressive Efterklang discography, then--and it would be interesting to see if the band writes faster music on their next album."
Alternative Press,80,"Its focused, and superbly executed, but forgoes immersive longevity for determined immediacy."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"On Magic Chairs, Efterklang manages to excise its most affected gestures, keep its penchant for wide-ranging adventurousness, and bring new found confidence to the more personal, micro-aspects of their sound. The result is a triumphant orchestral pop record which radiates with intelligence and touch."
BBC Music,80,"Theres still a tendency toward icy detachment, but considering their affection for almost overwrought instrumental embellishments, the restraint serves them well."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"Rather than attempting to outdo themselves, Efterklang scale back, ending sweetly, without overplaying their hand or overstaying their welcome."
Austin Chronicle,80,"The economy and velvet touch of Efterklang's music-making have survived, except the finesse is now allied to a newly arresting, wistful songwriting style that carries  with it echoes of the early Coldplay."
No Ripcord,80,"Classy Copenhagen act unveil penchant for pop."
Uncut,70,"Paired down to their essence, this distilled Efterklang is premium strength stuff."
Lost At Sea,70,"Efterklangs first release on the legendary 4AD label is packed full of immediate melodies and soul."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),60,"It's emotional music, full of subtle tension and lurking drama."
The A.V. Club,60,"The resultant mash-up of Noughties Brooklyn cool and Flaming Lips grand folly can exhilarare, but there is also a worrying tendency for Magic Chairs to strain for significance like Coldplay. [Mar 2010, p.84]"
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"It's a little too easy to hear the band in Arcade Fire mode here and Coldplay mode there, which raises the uncomfortable question of what, exactly, Efterklang sounds like in Efterklang mode. That's not a question that Magic Chairs resolves, but it ends up being quite a lot of fun just listening to them play around with some possible answers."
Los Angeles Times,60,"While Magic Chairs is decidely more hit than miss, one can't help but wonder, 'where have I heard this before?' Oh yeah...in every other ultra-pleasant orchestral popper out there. [Winter 2010, p.82]"
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),60,"While there's plenty to admire, Magic Chairs feels like th work of a band who can't quite allow themselves to make the anthemic indie-rock of which they're clearly capable. [Mar 2010, p.101]"
Paste Magazine,60,"For now, the experience of listening to Magic Chairs is a frustrating one: the sound of a group with one foot remaining in art-pop territory and the other pointed toward an arena-sized sound. Efterklang might pull off either mode, but their occupation of the same space is a source of unwanted friction."
Pitchfork,59,"Let's hope Magic Chairs is as much terminal as it is transitional, meaning that next time, they'll get all of that grandness right."
Entertainment Weekly,59,"The album struggles at times to raise its head from the multi-instrumental pack; textured as it is, theres a muted quality to this collection that inevitably leaves ears slightly cold. Its pretty, but not always gripping."

Billboard.com,95,"Walker has truly outdone himself with an album that captures all the nuances that made 'Letters And Meadows' shine, and extracts them bit by bit to give every individual track its own breath."
Rolling Stone,80,"Michael Trent receives co-writing credits for roughly half of these tracks, but I Liked It Better When You Had No Heart is a Butch Walker album through and through. Its also one of his best, proof that Walker still cant take a step without bumping into a usable hook."
Spin,80,"The big hooks are fewer and further between, but the meat in the middle is where the real magic lies."
musicOMH.com,80,"The vibe on the new album may be rootsier and more acoustic than Walker's usual fare, but it still emphasizes his knack for memorable wordplay and melodic know-how, which have earned him writing and producing gigs."
The Guardian,80,"When all is said and done, its doubtful that I Liked You Better When You Had No Heart will go down as Walkers definitive statement as an artist, nor will it significantly expand his loyal following.  What it will do, however, is simply reaffirm to everyone that Butch Walker is still one of the most creative, consistent, and flat-out exciting artists working in the industry today, commercial prospects be damned."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Despite the minor grievances and sore-thumb songs, and the fact that it's unreasonable to compare this record to its near-flawless predecessor, I Liked It Better When You Have No Heart is a sterling addition to Butch Walker's celebrated discography."
Slant Magazine,70,"His latest packs it all in: grand ballads, punchy power pop, a smutty song about a girl who 'likes hair bands.'"
Boston Globe,60,"The whip-smart hooks and spot-on production on Heart mask Walker's vocal deficiencies, which might otherwise be a more serious liability."

Prefix Magazine,90,"One of the most deeply satisfying aspects of this almost wholly satisfying album is the way in which the band succeed in the creation of moods and conveying of emotions."
Uncut,80,"Despite earlier successes, European definitively solidifies Sambassadeur as a paragon of Swedish pop: sweet but not sappy, bold yet beautiful, and emotionally eclectic without becoming melodramatic."
Clash Music,80,"Sambassadeur has an uncanny knack for the pop hook, yet its songs remain grounded by percussion that adds a visceral punch to the more airy textures. [Winter 2010, p.65]"
Hot Press,80,"There's an impressive sense of pop classicism, but these songs are even more melodically insistent, occassionally verging on show-tune mellifluousness. [Apr 2010, p.105]"
NOW Magazine,70,"By and large, European strikes a nice balance between genuine and theatrical, shambling and shiny."
Urb,70,"As with generations of Swedish popsters before them, Sambassadeur excel at picking up sounds from the U.S. and UK and refining them to their catchy essence."
No Ripcord,60,"On European, this third outing by the Swedish pop group, that sound has been firmly established. The evocation of Emericks bright and reverberant production and arrangements complements the groups simple, if somewhat slight compositions."
PopMatters,60,"You expect there to be an abundance of vibrancy and passion on European, the bands third release; though tempered by doubt and restraint, emotion lies beneath the layers of onion peel in the grey gutter of sadness."
Observer Music Monthly,60,"It's pleasantly winsome, sweetly aranged, but Anna Persson lacks the lugubrious voal presence of Traceyanne Campbell, and you long for sme of the sauce r spirit that inspires a group to name themselves in honour of a Serge Gainsbourg song. [Apr 2010, p.97]"

AllMusic,80,"Minor Love is a record of succinct pop ditties, with only three clocking in over 150 seconds long."
Lost At Sea,80,"With echoes of Lou Reed in many of the tracks, including What Makes Him Act So Bad and Cigarette Burns Forever, and faint hints of Greens previous work with the Peaches in others - Oh Shucks - Minor Love sees Green marry his roots with the new directions hes taking, and comparison to the tape recorder fodder of old isnt so hard make anymore."
Mojo,80,"On Minor Love, Greens sixth solo record, he proves adept as ever traversing through the American popular songbook and filtering his findings through a hazy stoners smog of absurdity."
Q Magazine,80,"Minor Love proves that Adam Green can be thoughtful and he can be nice. Whats more, he wears it well."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Gentle, droll and  - bar the disappointingly immature Oh Shucks - mercifully free of knob gags, Minor Love is charming. [Feb 2010, p. 108]"
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Minor Love is the rare record that has something for everyone, your dad, your discontent pop-isolationist, that mix youve been meaning to make, and a long drive across desert highway  and ends up being an impressive testament to Adam Greens lasting relevance."
Under The Radar,78,"Green revels in a stripped-down, bittersweet world where noting last forever, with both his baritone and lyrics adding freshness to his fatalist outlook. [Winter 2010, p.99]"
Sputnikmusic,75,"Like Liam Lynch, Green has a knack for sizing up a genre and spitting out a tongue-in-cheek ditto thats as entertaining as it is naggingly inconsequential, but Minor Loves songs feel a little heftier than usualor maybe he just finally struck the right balance of tenderness and tastelessness."
Dot Music,70,"The album, in general, is much more relaxed than anything Reed created (post-Nico, that is), and while the whole thing has a vaguely hazed-out feel, the effect created is more stoner chill than frenetic heroin-induced madness"
Drowned In Sound,70,"Adam Greens flowering from puerile anti-folk twonk with The Moldy Peaches to suave lounge-country crooner is laudable."
cokemachineglow,65,"The best tracks here still feature his distinct blend of surrealist poetry, but the music does not even meet it halfway."
Alternative Press,60,"Musically it's toytown folk, like Jonathan Richman with out the complicated buts, but Green's narrative lyrics grow increasingly weird and witty, recalling early '70s Lou Reed. [Feb 2010, p.86]"
Chicago Tribune,60,"Minor Love still packs some Jonathan Richmanesque quirk, as Green croons in a Lou Reed deadpan about goblins, flatulence, and other concerns over solidly constructed lo-fi tunes."
Tiny Mix Tapes,57,"Though there's a nice sense of humor throughout, there's just not enough meat on the bone to inspire any sort of real investment in the majority of these songs."
Boston Globe,50,"His style, somewhere between Leonard Cohen and The Velvet Underground, offers little in terms of originality, and often the sappy and stoically emotional quality of the lyrics comes off as snarky."
Los Angeles Times,40,"Green can turn on the charm--countrified finale Blacken My Stay and Castles And Tassles are winners, and 'castles and tassles and fatulent assholes' is a hysterical refrain - but overall, Minor Love is a curiously enervating affair. [Feb 2010, p. 95]"

Billboard.com,91,"In which Eddie Argos of Art Brut (!) and Dyan Valdes of the Blood Arm (?) write second-cousin answer songs to, among others, Bob Dylan, Michael Jackson, Kanye West, the Mamas and the Papas, Avril Lavigne, and P.D. 'Creeque Allies' is a capsule history of the Maquis."
Rolling Stone,80,"The record succeeds as its own body of work sans premise, thanks to Valds' deft keyboards and arrangements (which gives the proceedings hues of '50s hits, '60s soul and breezy Euro-pop) and Argos' patented sincere-or-smarmy delivery (the thing that makes Art Brut so compelling)."
AllMusic,75,"Much of Fixin' The Charts would work even without its central gimmick. Valds supplies credible hooks and winning girl-group harmonies, and Argos' lyrics never separate wit from emotion"
Uncut,70,"The witty words about awkward relationships come straight from Art Brut but 'Fixin' The Charts' is also a response to classic American pop songs, with modern sequels to Motown, Dylan and, er, Kanye. The downside is that the songs are so melodic they make it sound like Argos is doing karaoke."
Mojo,70,"As always, Argos stumbles into poignancy on his way to the punch line."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Arch novelty rather than post-modern profundity, then, but it's a damn sight smarter than the Barron Knights ever were. [Feb 2010, p.84]"
Hot Press,60,"Quality inessential entertainment. [Mar 2010, p.97]"
Slant Magazine,50,"Fixin' the Charts really comes down to the jokes and the concept--how much you appreciate it will depend on how much the idea appeals to you in the first place, and how well you can tolerate Argos' sung/spoken/ranted vocal approach, but it's definitely good for at least a chuckle."
Q Magazine,50,"Chances are most of these tune lack the staying power of those that inspire them, but a few are real gems in a way that transcends the mischief. [winter 2010, p.68]"
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Like the band's name, which reeks of lazy jokery slapped onto a tiring concept, the album is trite, cute, and completely forgettable."
musicOMH.com,40,"Amusing on first listen but--as with so many records sold on amusing wordplay alone--it doesn't stand up to repeated exposure. [Feb 2010, p.105]"
Los Angeles Times,38,"Argos is still witty, but here his punchlines tend to be predictable, due in part perhaps to the disc's overstretched answer-song conceit."
The Boston Phoenix,30,"Fixin' The Charts comes with a lofty goal: to grind down the blemishes that mar the rock face of the popular music mythos. But to attempt to 'fix' history, to paint over its wrongs with a broad, sneerish stroke, is a gross mis-step in the career of one of anti-pop's savviest purveyors."

Billboard.com,100,"On songs like the space-folky ''Long Hard Road'' and the reggae-scented ''Babyfather,'' Sade exhales peerlessly while the boys behind her fluff one heck of a sonic pillow. Weary bones, rest here."
Absolute Punk (Staff reviews),91,"Soldier benefits from a divine sense of intimacy; Sade seems to be whispering secret thoughts directly into the listeners ears."
Rolling Stone,88,"'Soldier of Love' is unique in its confrontational tone, but it connects to the other best tracks on this album, which employ minimalism and the rules of cool to carefully reconstruct various musical styles."
AllMusic,82,"The release is Sade's first new material in 10 years, but the act hasn't lost a beat."
Q Magazine,82,"Theyve plied a unique blend of jazz, world, pop and soul for more than a quarter-century, and now they add heavier beats, craftier production and a wider arsenal of sounds and styles."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"There is gospel organ (Be That Easy) and a mid-tempo reggae-ish gait on Babyfather, but mostly Soldier of Love is as mournfully one-paced as previous Sade albums, with the same attention to texture and surface lustre but, alas, not to melody or moving autobiography."
Dot Music,80,"Sure, the production on Soldier Of Love sounds a bit tougher and chunkier than the bands early work, but the classic Sade vibe we love is still front and centre."
No Ripcord,80,"The qualities that millions of devoted fans enjoy about Sade are placed in new contexts on Soldier of Love."
NOW Magazine,80,"These are songs that can sashay straight past you if you're not careful, but producer Stuart Matthewman (whose work with Maxwell sounds equally poured over) slips in subtle moments such as the twinkling percussion on Morning Bird and the slow-burn backing on opener The Moon And The Sky."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Elegantly downbeat, Soldier Of Love sparkles as a whole rather than as a collection of parts. [Mar 2010, p.107]"
The Guardian,80,"Sade has, as ever, fashioned an album that sounds both classic and current. [Mar 2010, p.91]"
Boston Globe,75,"But mostly Soldier of Love presents Sade as a genre unto herself; after 25 years, she remains alluring and subtly rewarding, while still keeping the listener at a safe distance, as if she had even deeper secrets to guard."
Slant Magazine,70,"Like its predecessors, it mimics the rhythms of a new relationship - its up one minute and down the next, loving in places and wounded in others - and its a rich and rewarding album, but only after multiple listens."
Uncut,70,"Soldier is sumptuously melancholy, exquisitely beautiful R&B, perfect for crying on a very expensive sofa."
Billboard.com,70,"Apart from the futuristic sound of the title track and a mini-tribute to Michael Jackson on 'Skin,' Soldier possesses the same timeless quality as any of the band's previous albums."
Boston Globe,70,"Soldier of Love offers listeners a rather narrow range of interest-- songs that (at their best) suggest strong feeling restrained by a fierce dignity-- but Sade remain the best at what they do."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Lovely listening."
AllMusic,60,"Sade Adu and co return with more snoozy, expensively produced, quiet-storm soul. [Mar 2010, p.95]"
PopMatters,60,"Lacking rhythmic hypnotism and relatable most to those who are experiencing solitude created by romantic desertion, this is not your mother's Sade album."

BBC Music,83,"The funkateers have infused YA-KA-MAY with an abundance of varied flavors as they skillfully back a wide range of NOLA musicians, from legendary artists such as singer Irma Thomas and producer-composer Allen Toussaint, to young rappers Katey Red and Sissy Nobby....The result is an often very tasty musical, uh, stew."
Drowned In Sound,80,"As the album title, a reference to an Afro-Orleanian soup-like culinary delicacy, suggests, this release is the most playful and carefree collection of tunes in Galactics impressive oeuvre."
Mojo,80,"Ya-Ka-May is not merely a collaborative amalgam of tracks, but rather a unified whole reflecting NOLAs musical vitality and reveling in it all simultaneously; it's the sound of a musical community being itself for itself, while screaming--in full party mode--into the world that it's alive and evolving."
Uncut,80,"Galactics cyber-savvy New Orleans funk remembers the past but stays hardheaded about the future."
musicOMH.com,80,"Galactic's Ya-Ka-May is a pungent musical fusion, adding hip-hop to mardi-gras funk, with help from a cast of local luminaries. [Apr 2010, p.86]"
Under The Radar,79,"In New Orleans vernacular, Ya-Ka-May is a stew comprising various meats, green onions, noodles and a hard-boiled egg. This album may well be the musical counterpart of the dish for which it's named."
Pitchfork,75,"Named after a New Orleans street food, 'Ya-Ka-May' mixes a whole variety of ingredients that shouldn't hold together but do. While no record could truly capture the sound of New Orleans in 2010, Galactic sure has a great time trying."
The Guardian,72,"For the most part, the popping bass and booming horns keep Ya-Ka-May simmering smoothly, refelcting NOLA's rich musical history while still manageing to sound unmistakably out of this world. [Winter 2010, p.98]"
The New York Times,70,"Galactic struggle to accompany all these signifying voices, sometimes resorting to hard, strident rhythms that don't really augment the performances."
Boston Globe,40,"Galactics Ya-Ka-May works as a concept album, but its execution ranges from grating to tolerable."

Billboard.com,89,"Every song could be three, but that they're not and that each individual movement advances the album's romantic arc proves all too swoonworthy."
BBC Music,80,"Though they may lose a few fans with their new sound, You Say Party! We Say Die! do a fine job of growing into a truly interesting band on XXXX."
Los Angeles Times,80,"XXXX is more than just pastiche, however. Songs like 'Lonelys Lunch,' 'Shes Spoken For' and 'Glory,' a callback to their earlier sound, reveal a chemistry that is entirely this bands own."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"There's a dash of Yeah Yeah Yeahs about the opening scenes of this Brirtsh Columbia band's vivacious third album, which should have them gracing bigger indie dance-floors. [Jun 2010, p.109]"
Chicago Tribune,80,"Dance-punk act up the ante and make play for music's top table."
AllMusic,70,"Although there;s wnough kicky keyboard-pop to satisfy long-time fans, the darker nuances are a welcome evolution. [Mar 2010, p.98]"
Rolling Stone,70,"The slower pace and more sentimental outlook of XXXX gives listeners the necessary space and encouragement to surrender to the band's emotional message."
Spin,70,"A calm but affirming end to an album brimming with energy may seem a sort of juxtaposition, but it works so well with an album that is practically a live show in itself. [Winter 2010, p.70]"
musicOMH.com,60,"Too much of XXXX is spent recycling tired dance-punk moves for it to succeed as a whole."
Slant Magazine,60,"On their way to maturity, YSP!WSD! lost some of the punkiness that made them exciting, but they still have hooks and groovy synths, so the growth is graceful."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"The shoutiness that made their previous two albums a tiring listen hasn't been entirely banished, but they have taken it down several notches, while also dialing down several notches. [Jun 2010, p.133]"

NOW Magazine,100,"Coming after the hauntingly archaic The Trials Of Van Occupanther, the more personal The Courage Of Others is bracingstunning, even."
Billboard.com,91,"This unrelenting but beautiful melancholy forms the glut of Courage. Beauty is key here, especially with a song like Bring Down, where an otherwise depressing dirge is given liftoff by Smiths sweet harmony and a twittering flute."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),90,"This could well be Midlake's masterpiece, which is saying something considering the esteem in which The Trials Of Van Occupanther is held."
Chicago Tribune,90,"But theres a strong presence to the album, with its meticulous atmosphere and granite consistency of tone. The chiming guitars of a pair of Erics (Pulido and Nichelson), and the tasteful work of a the drummer McKenzie Smith bring gravity to the bands gloss on psychedelic folk."
Los Angeles Times,88,"With 'The Courage of Others' (Bella Union), Midlake singer Tim Smith sounds like a refugee from the late 60s English-folk scene, with songs delivered in an unaffected, understated voice that couldve easily complemented Sandy Denny or Anne Briggs, or fit in with Pentangle or Fairport Convention."
musicOMH.com,80,"A resolutely minor key offering, its even less instantly gratifying than before, precipitating its one central flaw: that these songs unfold at a leisurely pace  growing in stature as they progress from unassuming beginnings to sweeping crescendo  is admirable, but a touch overwhelming; even a little daunting on first exposure."
AllMusic,80,"The third album from Texan quintet Midlake, it trembles with awe of sublime nature and sorrow for its destruction."
Dot Music,80,"If its mournful epics you want, then the albums crammed full of them, from the strummed, outdoorsy sorrow of Winter Dies to Rulers, Ruling All Things, which is peppered with cheeky Spanish guitar and weighty, fin-de-sicle lyrical flair."
Boston Globe,80,"Yet despite its cryptic, apocalyptic themes, its more appropriate to say that Courage Of Others is a more formal, deliberate album than its predecessor, owing less to take it easy leanings and more to the prodigious prog-folk of E.L.P., Giles & McDonald, or the most minor-key offerings of Pentangle."
The New York Times,80,"Perhaps finding mass appeal has given Tim Smith and his band-mates the confidence to take their ideas into darker, brooding waters, and further harness the influence of classic British prog-folk. But whatever the motivation, it's a mood that suits."
Vibe,80,"Or, more contemporaneously, you could say fans of fellow retro beard-rockers Fleet Foxes will find much to appreciate here. Radiohead fans, likewise, will relish Bring Down, a virtual rewrite of Exit Music. Everyone else will simply think its pretty."
Rolling Stone,80,"Midlake has created an album that can subside on its own. It never reaches sublime territory and who knows, it may not even need it but for a few in tow, theres nothing rudimentary basic about The Courage of Others."
Spin,80,"Instead of warm colours they work with a more monochromatic palette. There's darkness, rain, a chill in the air, remoteness, a sense of nature--and more of than not, a very British remoteness and sense of nature. [Feb 2010, p.90]"
Slant Magazine,80,"These musicians came into their own and have created another standout record without repeating themselves."
PopMatters,80,"The Courage Of Others charts a terrain more folksy and pastoral with a greater sense of melancholy and fear at its core. [Feb 2010, p. 106]"
Uncut,79,"Like most of the record, it's slow to mid-tempo, but pushed forward by quick acoustic strums, and it builds up slowly to a huge rise with the type of sly hook that's all to rare on the set."
Entertainment Weekly,79,"'The Courage of Others' doesn't offer anything as immediately captivating as 'Van Occupanther' gems like 'Roscoe' and 'Young Bride,' but the new songs slowly take shape and are unafraid to choose interesting detours."
Boston Globe,74,"Though the mood has been lowered since 2006, its clear that Midlake can still reach beautiful heights."
Mojo,70,"'The Courage Of Others' is a suitable album for todays perma-frost Britain, what well make of it when the Sun comes out Im not sure."
The A.V. Club,70,"Sadly, this time out, the band have put aside the wonderfully corny synthesizers they used on the last record in favor of a 100-percent organic approach that fits their bearded poets of the mountain image."
AllMusic,70,"Furthermore, the way that 'Rulers Of Ruling Things', 'The Horn' and 'The Courage Of Others' arch effortlessly into trippier psych-rock inflected territory suggest a more expansive, weirder Midlake to come."
Pitchfork,70,"Its more difficult to get into. The melodies dont overwhelm you--in fact, each song blends together under Tim Smiths folky chant. But the similar tone that overtakes each song builds on you as you listen making this album powerful in a different way than Occupanther."
PopMatters,60,"Even though the lyrics stay hippy-dippy, there are hard-earned moments of musical release."
RapReviews.com,60,"Like ...Van Occupanther, The Courage Of Others is texturally rich and technically refined, elegantly capturing the ambience of the folk rock scene to which it pays fulsome tribute. But sadly, there's something cold and unwelcoming at its core."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"Yet they never come, and without the vivid talents of their heroes  Sandy Denny, Richard Thompson, John Renbourn  Midlake's abstracted invocations of maidens, merchant ships and 'ancient light' feel a bit bookish and distant."
Los Angeles Times,50,"The music takes a decidedly darker, slower note, further delving into the folk rock of The Trials of Van Occupanther and losing the powerful orchestration that made Van Occupanther so special."
Rolling Stone,50,"Despite its meticulous craftsmanship and ornamentation, Tim Smith's stoic delivery throughout  detached and downtrodden  ultimately turns The Courage of Others into a sepia-toned slumber."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"It is, quite frankly, a bland album. [Winter 2010, p.69]"
Billboard.com,40,"What Midlake has crafted here is monastery music  glorified Gregorian chants that achieve nothing if not snuff out the candle light in your head that represents your slowly melting interest."
AllMusic,40,"This is background music for a mundane clerical job at Medieval Times or cash duties at a fantasy sword store. But why not just pick up an old Jethro Tull record?"
The New York Times,37,"Very few of their melodies go anywhere memorable, and when they do, they never go anywhere else. ('Courage' plays like one long mid-tempo drone.)"
Slant Magazine,36,"With precious little exception, these songs are just so wispy, and the band's treatment of them so delicate, it turns Courage into a museum piece, stuffy, bloodless"

Urb,67,"Very accomplished, vaguely surprising--and a wee bit dull."
Drowned In Sound,63,"Who I Am all feels a bit tentative. Recorded, supposedly, in just two weeks, think of it as 'Camp Soul.'"
Hot Press,60,"In this side project, he's not trying to be too different from the Bros, just going for a more retro-soul vibe with a band of old Prince alumni."
The Guardian,50,"Nick has a great pop voice--high and clear and strong. It isnt a great rock voice though, and his desire to smash it into shape by spirited bellowing alone can curdle things, just as they should really start cooking."
Q Magazine,50,"Whats surprising is that when hes cut loose from the chaff of his brothers, the result is an album thats all chaff."
Uncut,50,"While its easy to admire his well-cultivated classicism, Who I Am is an awkward growth spurt, relying on songs designed as grooves but given performances too hemmed-in to be soulful and often undone by Nicks thin teenage yelps."
musicOMH.com,50,"Who I Am is so polished and adult-sounding -trading teen pop moxie for organ and slide guitar-that one is left wondering whether the same songs about love, heartbreak and political curiosity wouldn't be a more satisfying evolutionary step in the hands of a scrappier troupe."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"N Jos fan base doesnt care about calculation. Theyre just the right age to buy into the workmanlike quasi-genuine rock of Who I Am. And theres still enough of that original Jonas flavour to keep them interested."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"It's still a too-polished, kid-friendly approximation of a rock record, splitting the difference between the ill-fitting maturity of 2009's 'Lines, Vines and Trying Times' and the lukewarm soul affectation of John Mayer's 'Battle Studies.'"
Boston Globe,40,"Should his solo career continue, this record could stand as an in between point between his teen past and his adult future, but as it stands now, it's just a muddled, occasionally interesting but often baffling pop-rock album."

Billboard.com,88,"A dense yet buoyant mixture of hip-hop beats, reggae grooves, African-pop riffs and future-soul vocals, 'Concrete Jungle' (which culls tracks from Nneka's previous European releases) does, in fact, echo 'The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill.'"
AllMusic,87,"The album is both affirmative and entertaining, addressing themes of political upheaval, reconciliation and the ignorance that so often comes with privilege."
The New York Times,80,"There are so many pristine components here; each of them the building blocks of an amazing performer with a concentric gift of a future. With my defenses down, hands down, Concrete Jungle is one of the most impressive releases of the year."
Los Angeles Times,78,"By the time the political party concludes with religious/romantic closer 'God of Mercy,' Nneka's evocative rhymes and miasmic tones make clear her outsize talent has small use for earthly boundaries."
Rolling Stone,70,"She's clearly listened to Lauryn Hill and Erykah Badu, but the production on Concrete Jungle, by DJ Farhot, is both inventive and inviting."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Her rhyming ability is versatile yet non-braggadocios. And it is these ingredients that gives the music world a fresh yet veteran voice."

AllMusic,80,"Paper Dolls is a really delightful piece of work, tender and whimsical and, despite a certain amount of artifice, touchingly sincere."
musicOMH.com,75,"No longer firmly fixing their gaze upon past, The Brunettes have begun to turn their lights toward the future with Paper Dolls; moreover, these bouncy little bedroom discos should be more than enough to ensure that the bands present (and future) remain bright as well."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"Even if Paper Dolls isnt as ambitious or immediately satisfying as Structure and Cosmetics, it offers plenty of small pleasures for Brunettes fans, who still walk the line between cheery and melancholy in their own unique way."
Rolling Stone,70,"There might be a few lost moments where the music stagnates from a lack of true skill where neither member of the pair does much but they come in sparring moments. And for the most part, the songs are too direct to even truly analyze them as anything more than lifting, carefree music."
Q Magazine,60,"Sure, the electro-pop leanings on Paper Dolls may sap their songs of some of the dreamy haze they had before, but in its place we get an immediate brightness to this collection, one that doesnt fade with repeat plays. In the sure hands of the Brunettes, Paper Dolls turn out to be quite sturdy."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Paper Dolls is highlighted by more drum machines and more synthesizers than any previous Brunettes release, yet features some of the duo's most intimate and delicate work. [Winter 2010, p.68]"

Spin,91,"Becks willingness to raid just about any genre works wonders when coupled with Mlle. Gainsbourgs ability to inject matter-of-fact sexual energy into just about anything."
The Guardian,90,"IRM is a swirling mess of sounds and signifiers, tied together in how irresistible it all is."
Dot Music,89,"Ultimately it's Gainsbourg's voice--a heady melange of tussled bedclothes whisperings and near-dead sexy murmurs--that lifts both her life and art from beneath the shade of her mythic paterfamilias."
Hot Press,88,"Though the album hits a few sleepy troughs along the way, it gets progressively stranger and more aggressive, with distorted bass (Trick Pony), tribal drumming (Voyage) and T-Rex-style boogie (Dandelion) giving Gainsbourg room to stretch."
Slant Magazine,88,"Throughout the follow-up to her 2006 album, '5:55,' Gainsbourg never sounds out of her element, no matter how the music shifts underneath her feet."
Billboard.com,84,"The subject matter subverts her inherent sensuousness, but this is still Charlotte Gainsbourg singing-- at times, she can't help sounding like the cooing French goddess her father helped popularize. It's dead sexy, reborn."
PopMatters,83,"Gainsbourg deftly resets the emotional thermostat with every lilt of her nimble, witty vocals."
The New York Times,80,"In a way, this album serves as a fitting sonic museum to Serge, one that plunders from his past while maintaining his relentlessly forward-looking, hybridised pop vision. [Feb 2010, p.87]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Approaching music as a role rather than means of personal expression, Gainsbourg has--once again--turned in an Oscar-worthy performance. [Holiday 2009, p.77]"
AllMusic,80,"At times it is so minimal and skeletal, the songs are in need of intensive care.  Yet it is unafraid to rock (Trick Pony, Dandelion) or be resolutely commercial."
The A.V. Club,80,"Primarily, the scattershot sounds and surrealistic lyrics are typical of her songwriter and producer, Beck, who renders his muse more mysterious by burying her gossamer voice comparatively low in the mix. Slowly, though, glimpses of what has driven Gainsbourg to make IRM emerge."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Where her previous album was ethereal and ephemeral, IRM is exciting and eclectic."
Spin,70,"Gainsbourg and Beck generate one catchy track after another without producing much heat, but sometimes canny dabbling is its own reward."
Slant Magazine,70,"For all that is revealed about Charlottes experiences via the songs on this album, there is always the knowledge that Beck is the songwriter, which raises the questions of how close Charlotte is to the lyrics, and if Beck has transcribed what Charlotte described to him with minimal interference, or if his own views and ideas have shaped the finished work and altered Charlottes original intent."
Chicago Tribune,70,"Actress Charlotte Gainsbourg may be the daughter of the ultimate Euro-glam couple, Serge Gainsbourg and Jane Birkin, but her Beck collaboration, IRM, is a tough-minded trip through some serious adult trauma."
Rolling Stone,68,"For this and a couple other of IRMs electronic-heavy songs, Gainsbourg sounds like shes doing her best Trish Keenan, though the songs lack the warmth and haunting tension a band like Broadcast can create from similar soundscapes."
NOW Magazine,60,"IRM is an album that refuses to cast Gainsbourg as the chanteuse some would like to see her as, and her willingness to gamble with her persona and musical style is laudable. However, this risk-taking attitude results in an inconsistent jumble of ideas that ends up being much less of a peek inside what it is to be human than the title might suggest."
The New York Times,60,"As a pairing between two artists, the album works, though not nearly as much as it could have if both were at the top of their game."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),60,"With its profusion of delicate acoustic guitar arpeggios and fine string arrangements by Beck's father David Campbell, much of the rest of IRM steers a more organic, at times almost skiffle-like path, but the twist is Gallic melancholy. [Feb 2010, p. 93]"
The Boston Phoenix,60,"IRM proves suitably unconventional thanks to the presence of co-writer and producer Beck Hansen, who plays fast and loose with Gainsbourg's breathy chanson, skipping from spiky percussion (Master's Hands) to lush orchestration (Vanities) even joining her at the mic for jaunty, '60s-flavoured duet Heaven Can't Wait. [Feb 2010, p 107]"
New Musical Express (NME),50,"Its not a completely futile exercise--there are some decent tracks--but it falls far short of the quality of its predecessor."

AllMusic,100,"Teen Dream sheds the uncertainties evident in past Beach House albums--each melodic turn (and there are many) balances the force of confidence with the momentum of curiosity."
NOW Magazine,92,"Maybe the growth is only obvious to those who've been following, but that doesn't take away from the obvious upgrade of accessibility found here."
Hot Press,91,"Teen Dream is deeper in hue than its predecessors. Its blues are bluer, even while warmer tones abound, and Scallys guitar emotes as lithely as the voice it dances with."
Pitchfork,91,"None of the changes are drastic, but together they're just enough to cover Beach House's once-monochrome canvases with washes of brilliant color."
Los Angeles Times,90,"Theyve made an absolutely magical record--the jagged edges of their past have been smoothed by the sea, making Teen Dream a soft shore gem in the crown of the great chronicles of youth."
Slant Magazine,90,"Theyve always been able to create music to pair with this feeling of nostalgia but Beach House has somewhat, in a way, perfected their dream pop with Teen Dream, an album that flows like the beach and cascades with lush melodies, harmonies and fantastic gentleness."
Rolling Stone,90,"Dream is a go-for-broke collection that not only creates and sustains a hi-fi drowse-pop drama throughout its 10 beguiling songs, but comes across like a logical and gorgeous extension of all the bands previous dreams."
Dot Music,90,"It helps that Teen Dream, Beach House's third album, is the best thing the band has done. Legrand and her bandmate, Alex Scally, have been ready for a homerun shot since 2006's selt-titled debut, and they cracked this one into the stratosphere."
PopMatters,90,"This is both the most diverse and most listenable of their three full-lengths, and yet it never seems like a compromise. It feels like the product of careful, thoughtful growth, bringing in new influences--bits of mid-1970s Fleetwood Mac, sparkling indie pop, even a few soul and gospel touches--while maintaining the group's core sound."
Spin,90,"This is industrial-strength Beach House with its hallmarks intact, just bigger and better. With co-producer Chris Coady, Legrand and Scally lift some of the haze that has often enveloped their music...now the band has given us this years first classic album."
Under The Radar,90,"2008's critically lauded 'Devotion' set the band on a new path, landing them an opening spot for buzz band Grizzly Bear and winning the hearts of hipsters the world over. Teen Dream, however, takes things to a whole new level."
The New York Times,90,"Though it's not as eclectic and whimsical as their earlier work, Teen Dream is some of their most beautiful music, and reaffirms that they're the among the best purveyors of languidly lovelorn songs since Mazzy Star."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"Beach House makes it easy on Teen Dream, supplying an intense but transparent sheen of iridescent sound, marking an album whose quality is almost instantly evident. Better than anything in recent memory, the album typifies the difference between sonic interference as an instrumental tool and a blanket to hide beneath."
Boston Globe,84,"Teen Dream is just such a fantastic pop record because it never seems to try to be: its almost as if the duo had intended to make another mopey shoegazing affair and accidentally stumbled upon something transcendent."
AllMusic,80,"This Baltimore dream-pop duo, whose dense-fog organs, reverb-y slide guitars, and nodding harmonies feel as lush as a midnight walk in a wet garden. On their third album, those feelings now sound like actual songs, with swelling choruses and an all-encompassing ache."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Teen Dream finds the duo resolving to present their songs in somewhat firmer strokes. Nothing rocks, exactly, but organs coo in sharper focus, drum machines bear with added vigour, and an eerie disquiet occasionally linger. [Feb 2009, p.79]"
The Guardian,80,"They occupy an ethereal wonderland of their own design on Teen Dream, a place where '80s soft rock mingles with slow-pop soliloquies, producing an oscillating, supernal bliss both sparkling and somber. [Feb 2010, p.92]"
PopMatters,80,"Overall, Teen Dream lives up to its promise of youthful fantasy. [Holiday 2009, p.76]"
Slant Magazine,80,"The most unmistakeable sound on Teen Dream is that of a band truly finding its own voice. In so doing, they may just have minted the new decades first essential album."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Many have already been drawn into the melancholy whirlpools of their past two albums; yet more will surely be drawn by the warmer embrace of Legrand and Scallys latest statement, a stronger, rhythmic definition offering a hand through the ether, beckoning the listener into their fluid tapestry."
The Guardian,80,"Instead of modest waltzes and looped drum machines, theres an evident maturity in the way the production unveils itself as richer and far more multifaceted. When you cant break the familiar, expanding on those opportunities only makes you more in control."
Dot Music,80,"Beach House have reached the point in their career where achieving grand melodic climaxes seems to come to them effortlessly, and on Teen Dream the climaxes are as thrilling as ever before."
Los Angeles Times,80,"Ultimately it's an incredibly rewarding listen, even if the self-observing anxiety that's writ large throughout means it doesn't quite reach the lofty heights to which its creators have bravely aspired."
Billboard.com,80,"The album sounds more elaborate, but never fussily so. Legrands voice retains its place atop the organ beats, keys, guitars and acoustic drums."
Spin,80,"By tightening things up, another sprightly highlight emerges from this pleasant haze."
musicOMH.com,80,"Leaps and bounds over the act's earlier material, 'Teen Dream' allows Legrand and Scally to truly come into their own while leaving the listener aching for more."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"This record, however, makes an indelible mark. [Feb 2010, p. 110]"
Hot Press,70,"Teen Dream is kind of MOR, it would go down a treat at a dinner party, there are boring bits and the doleful DIY magic of the debut seems to have more or less run out. But its shot through with more than a handful of heartstoppingly wonderful moments."
PopMatters,70,"Teen Dreams best material comes up front (Zebra, Silver Soul, Norway Walk in the Park) , and theres a bit of a sag in the middle (Lover of Mine, Better Times), with songs that are pretty enough, but without any big payoffs."
Mojo,70,"They're more radiant than ever on their third disc, particularly on songs like 'Zebra,' with background chorales swooping over stately guitar plucking."
Q Magazine,67,"A solid third LP, but it's not Beach House's 'masterpiece.' They've still got some gold dust to kick up."
Uncut,60,"Their dedication to refined, pretty songs means there's a very narrow scope here that didn't afflict Grizzly Bear's 'Veckatimest' and which makes proceedings here sound a little wan and wishy-washy after a while."
Slant Magazine,60,"Teen Dream is a lovely album, but there's more to admire here than to actually love. Oddly, that may not be a problem. [Feb. 2010, p. 94]"
The A.V. Club,40,"It's carefully, even beautifully arranged--all burnished shimmers and echo-drenched harmonies--but oddly icy and melodically a little ineffectual."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"Underwhelming Third outing for nu-gaze duo."

NOW Magazine,80,"Produced again by former Arcade Fire man Howard Bilerman, here spare, lovelorn songs such as zithery vigil The Shore evoke an elegant melancholy, while the more rugged likes of Gold Rush dart forth on galloping drums, fiddles and banjos. [Feb 2010, p. 104]"
musicOMH.com,80,"Folk can be a notoriously intransigent genre, and Basia Bulat probably occupies the less user friendly end of the spectrum, but for those who like an album which grows and reveals its treasures slowly, A Heart of My Own is gold."
Urb,80,"Heart of My Own sounds more produced than Oh, My Darling, but not for lack of quality. Despite the yearning lyrical plotlines, the warmth exuded from the woodsy harmony of Bulats voice mingling with the amalgamation of guest instruments cozies even the bitterest of winter days."
The A.V. Club,78,"It's upbeat even if most of Bulats songs dwell on heart-ache and loss. That notion is on par with every singer-songwriter these days but her voice drives these concepts into a feeling thats genuine. In other words, Bulat can pine with the best of them."
Entertainment Weekly,78,"Her unmistakable voice--a trembling, expressive contralto--remains a make-or-break feature, but she's learned when to reel it in on follow-up Heart of My Own."
New Musical Express (NME),75,"Heart of My Own amplifies guarded things, a tuneful prototype of new-century folk intent on having its voice heard."
The Guardian,70,"At times arresting, at other moments it's let down by some odd choices in the production and mixing. There is enough to hold the attention and to draw the listener back."
Boston Globe,70,"Expertly and diversely arranged, the songs of Heart of My Own build and hover, often in surprising ways."
Uncut,70,"Heart's production work, again by Bilerman, isn't always successful....But the album shakes such shackles often enough to maintain an atmosphere of warm intimacy."
Billboard.com,70,"Its an album unlikely to reign in anyone whos on the fence about adding a folk album to their catalogue, but sure to delight those who like their melancholy sentiments sung by a voice that is as dexterous as it is vulnerable"
The Boston Phoenix,60,"Those who gravitated toward her debut will feel a similar pull to this album, though, which essentially reprises 'Oh, My Darlings' sound with slightly more confidence."
Paste Magazine,60,"As it stands, cumbersome arrangements and a tendency to coast weigh heavy  diluting the finished article from one of real, enduring merit to a patchy, only sporadically wonderful album."
Pitchfork,60,"Pop's lightness doesn't much suit Bulat; she's at her best on the banjo-driven title track and gospel toned closer 'If It Rains.' [Feb 2010, p.79]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"But despite the lack of surprise, Gold Rush is a fine, rollicking jig, and Sparrow's skeletal voice and uke combo feels like it's been pulled from the ground still caked in Prairie soil. [Feb 2010, p. 94]"

Slant Magazine,80,"With 33 tracks stretching well over two hours, A Reality Tour isnt exactly suited to single-sitting listening. Its also far from a genuine greatest hits collection, though it certainly does feature a number of Bowies most-loved songs. But it is a great document of one of the worlds most inspirational recording artists."
Spin,70,"On A Reality Tour, Bowie proves that love is well-earned."
PopMatters,70,"Nobody really knows if Bowie is hanging up the spacesuit for good, since the man has been periodically announcing his retirement since 1973. But if so, this is one hell of an exit."
Rolling Stone,60,"This is Bowie in his mode as a crowd-pleasing professional, playing with considerable charm and skill, offering no surprises but plenty of pleasure: it's not the first album that will come to mind when thinking of live Bowie, but as it's playing, it's hard to resist."
AllMusic,60,"It's not as electric as some performances, but it's no wondder he had a heart attack soon after and retired...for now. [Apr 2010, p.126]"

Prefix Magazine,70,"Haters can hurl epithets toward Drew and NSN as much as they want, but the singer's sincerity simply cannot be denied."
Q Magazine,65,"What Is Love? is a very enjoyable record and a lot better than what I expected. Christofer Drew has given his listeners a taste of his potential, because, musically, he knows what he is doing."
Under The Radar,50,"His first album, What Is Love?, is light acoustic pop on which he shows melodic skills. But Drew took some bad lessons from emo and his dad's folk record."
Tiny Mix Tapes,40,"Ingle's ability to write a pop melody is promising, perhaps, yet it's too hampered by nasal vocals to make much of an impression, and the albums short running time proves to be one of its biggest assets."

Mojo,86,"Krohn's the real deal, in a world full of one-dimensional derivatives. [Holiday 2009, p.100]"
Billboard.com,85,"Instead of straight hip-hop, The Colossus is an omnibus record, swallowing brass-wielding collaborators, live instruments, hand-aged beats, and its creator's voiceall in service of a mission to unify RJ's pet genres via horn-blasted statements of intent fit for rollicking arenas ('Let There Be Horns'), menacing synthesizer pit traps ('A Spaceship For Now'), and intricate instrumentals."
Boston Globe,80,"Unlike 2007's self-indulgent The Third Hand, here he wisely picks his spots, chirping a few modest ditties. Four albums deep, he's found his comfort zone."
Sputnikmusic,80,"At times self-indulgent, The Colossus contains enough of the parts that made RJD2 relevant in the past to reignite interest in both this album and his vast (and growing due to unreleased material) back catalogue of work."
AllMusic,80,"The Colossus finds Rjd2 back to doing what he did when he first began recording: simply curating excellent productions instead of wooing a new audience by creating expressly written songs or telling a story with his full-lengths."
Hot Press,70,"RJD2 has taken a lot of different paths in the past, but here he's found a way to make his diverse tastes blend into one cohesive effort. [Feb 2010, p.97]"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"The multi-genre approach of The Colossus is refreshing."
Los Angeles Times,70,"The beat is generally the best part of any track produced by RJD2, but The Colossus--the first album on his new label, RJs Electrical Connections--finds him juggling vintage samples, string and horn parts, vocals both outsourced and original."
Paste Magazine,68,"The Colossus, as its name implies, strives for scale, but also strains a bit under a heavy burden. While Rjd2 excels at sonic collages, the mixed motives on this album--a current spin on past techniques, a synthesis of old songs and a turn toward the future--are difficult to balance."
Rolling Stone,60,"RJD2 is still in a class of his own, and The Colossus is charming enough. Krohn might have temporarily given up on expanding his stylistic horizons, but he sounds comfortable again, certainly a small step taken toward a more fortunate future."
PopMatters,60,"Wisely, he doesnt sing this time around, leaving that to Kenna and Phonte of Little Brother. But the tracks with guest vocals never really take off either, reinforcing the producers weakness as a songwriter."
NOW Magazine,60,"The mix of the two makes The Colossus sound like a work by an artist who is maturing rather than lashing out."
Q Magazine,50,"It all sounds very much expected, and very much the same. Which wouldnt be so bad if that didnt mean putting himself in the same crowd as so many corporatized, for-sale-at-the-mall acts."
Hartford Courant,40,"This hybrid approach works well, but RJD2, even at his finest, doesn't have the complete vision of DJ Shadow or other soundscape artists; RJD2 sounds best with a rapper accompanying him. [Holiday 2009, p.82]"
The Guardian,37,"Throughout, you can feel the tension between RJ's desire to make something real, in spite of his limitations as a performer, and his discomfort with his true strengths in sample-based pastiche. In the end, it's a colossal waste of talent and time."
No Ripcord,16,"Frustratingly, there are whiffs of worthwhile beats buried among the blandness."

Slant Magazine,91,"He delivers a reprise of the same B part in a more forceful, normal voice: 'Why is everything a chore?/I'm too young to be defeated.' So far, he isn't. Wish him luck with that riptide."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"Its youthful sense of noise and joy and wonder are heartening, its way with a tune addictive. Would that all summers were as warm, as happy and as big-hearted as this music."
Boston Globe,84,"It's in the zealous craftsmanship of doing just about everything right and causing that aggregate rightness to harmonize in vibrant song about trying to be better that the truth becomes evident: this band is for real."
AllMusic,83,"To some extent, Astro Coast comes off like a muscular, radio-ready version of music that would've been found on a limited-edition 45 back in the mid-'90s. But the way Surfer Blood balances escapism and grit is a neat trick, and one that never really loses its sense of wonder."
The New York Times,82,"Ambition can just as easily manifest itself as a desire to create a relentlessly catchy, 'classic indie' album in your own dorm room, and if that's what Surfer Blood set out to do, Astro Coast succeeds wildly."
Sputnikmusic,81,"As you might imagine, it's yet another interpretation of classic surf-rock, but as crowded as this scene seems to have gotten lately, most of its practitioners do the style quite well. Surfer Blood are no exception, and their varied approach makes for an intriguing album."
Slant Magazine,80,"Their potential is the wrong thing to appreciate: it's their immediacy, their unstudied and unfocused energy, that hits the spot."
Rolling Stone,80,"Astro Coast can stand up to online scrutiny--it's girls that keep Surfer Blood's reverbed indie rock jumping out of its skin."
Los Angeles Times,80,"It's stunningly close to being a masterful pop record, one exhibiting a tremendous amount of love and care in its meticulous level of craft. [Holiday 2009, p.77]"
Billboard.com,80,"Astro Coast sounds like an honest representation of four gifted songwriters writing what they know and how they know it. What they know is a refreshing change of pace for the indie rock narrative."
AllMusic,80,"Astro Coast succeeds admirably because it pulses with a fun, youthful, and invigorating feel, and obvious lack of arty pretenses, studio mediation, or self-importance. Not every band can be Radiohead, thankfully."
The New York Times,80,"Perhaps what's most impressive about Astro Coast as a complete album is Surfer Blood's ability to maintain cohesion and consistency, while infusing in a bit of variety."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Led by a yearning frontman getting his Morrissey on, it's a debut that's boyishly and buoyantly charming. [Aug 2010, p.126]"
Rolling Stone,80,"From Palm Beach, the new wave of 21st century powerpop. [July 2010, p. 97]"
Boston Globe,76,"The star of the show here is ultimately the group's tuneful popcraft and its subtly gloomy underbelly. [Holiday 2009, p.102]"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Astro Coast is a welcome reminder of the youthful vigour and playfulness of early Pavement and Weezer, imbibing the Sixties rule-book of good pop without coming off as a bad pastiche."
Boston Globe,70,"Pavement noise scrimmages, warped Pixies surf rock, fresh-faced Weezer tuneage, it's all the same mess to them. But they dress up their guitar-mad escapades in a stadium-echo kick that Nineties indie kids were too grumpy to try."
Q Magazine,70,"What could have been a sterling six-track EP is still a solid album to blast until the weather matches its summertime mood. [Feb 2010, p.97]"
Rolling Stone,70,"Maybe that's the key to the whole album, how it can seem to be a blog-fisher one moment and slap you upside the head another: it dissolves before you actually know what hit you. But for a lot of us, that's all the more reason to dive right back in."
AllMusic,70,"Astro Coast sounds so prescient that Surfer Blood will be riding a wave of popularity for a good few months yet."
Uncut,70,"There are just too many ideas for a first encounter. The good ones are special, no doubt, but a lot of the others are just other people's and lack the stamp of a band who know exactly who they are and what they're about."
Hot Press,67,"All the songs on Astro Coast, the 10-song debut from South Florida quartet Surfer Blood, hinge on the mighty riff. Guitarist John Paul Pitts' vocals are secondary, and the guitar compensates, weaving Built to Spill's guitar heroism into three-minute shards of pop-punk."
Pitchfork,60,"While it provokes some unpredictable moments, it's heartbreaking to listen to such tuneful moments of inspiration buried beneath towering stacks of old debris, and not the vintage kind."
The A.V. Club,60,"When you live in Florida, it is summertime all the time, which might be why this Palm Beach quartet have developed such a seasonal vibe on their sun-spotted indie-pop debut. [Aug 2010, p.96]"
AllMusic,55,"Even at its best this whole record sounds like a band who wants to make an impact by trying to be everything to everyone. And because they're not too good at everything they do yet, this lack of a definitive identity that makes it difficult to take them seriously (or if this is their definitive identity, they're just boring)."

Spin,100,"Contra establishes that his band has chosen another path, celebrating the world's contradictions, contraindications, and contradistinctions with a new pop sound made up of old pop sounds that aren't the same old pop sounds."
The Guardian,91,"The 10 songs here don't collectively match the near-perfection displayed on the band's debut, but Contra is varied and vivacious enough to make each spin as revelatory as the first time you realized what the band was getting away with and how well it pulled off the feat."
PopMatters,90,"Vampire Weekend's penchant for throwing an occasional obscure reference into their work doesn't change the fact that Contra is an obvious early contender for one of 2010's best."
Q Magazine,88,"It's music that balances with uncommon elegance the desire to observe with the need to engage."
Hot Press,87,"Contra is still a Vampire Weekend album and it's certainly one that past fans will presently like. It may be less vigorous, but only if you're searching the surface."
Uncut,87,"On their second LP, the youngsters don't disappoint."
Drowned In Sound,86,"It's like they've spent the past two years building a bionic version of the band--not only brighter and tighter, but weirder. The group nurtures its eccentricities and the result is a record full of them."
Pitchfork,83,"With the band now a known quantity, sophomore album Contra inevitably lacks the slaphappy dazzle of breakout singles like ''A Punk'' and ''Oxford Comma.'' Still, the album, recorded in Brooklyn and Mexico City, stays largely faithful to the sound they've built."
Mojo,82,"Vampire Weekend's second album, Contra, finds the New York-based band pushing its eclectic, intellectual indie rock further using a mash-up of musical genres, clever wordplay and emotional heft."
Slant Magazine,80,"If Vampire Weekend was Rushmore, Contra is their Royal Tenenbaums: brainy, confident and generally awesome."
Alternative Press,80,"Contra is more fully formed, a '70s-style record-type record. It's their version of the Talking Heads' 'More Songs About Buildings and Food,' the disc on which they see how well their gold-star ideas move."
Pitchfork,80,"There are some mis-steps--California English employs Auto-Tune about two years too late--but overall this is a fine follow-up to their successful debut."
Filter,80,"The 10 tracks appeal more with every play: initially sounding a bit like Paul Simon's Graceland being covered by 90s geeks They Might Be Giants, they will probably be among this year's most played and most joyful tunes."
PopMatters,80,"It's fair to say that with so much going on 'Contra' is much less immediate than its predecessor, requiring a bit of patience to uncover its true shades, contours and charm. But it's certainly worth sticking with, because with their second album Vampire Weekend have escaped their collegiate niche without sacrificing their true essence."
Prefix Magazine,80,"While Koenig rarely shies away from scholastic lyricizing, Contra succeeds apart from its cultural asides and college textbook hat-tips."
Under The Radar,80,"The songs are meatier and dimensional, emboldened by whirling electronics, taut guitar solos, harder drums, disparate textures and moods, and a lyrical self-awareness that perhaps life isn't just one big basement dance party."
AllMusic,80,"As the watery floating of 'I Think Ur A Contra' draws the album to a close, it becomes clear that not only did the members of Vampire Weekend succeed in creating an excellent sophomore album; they've managed to survive long enough to outlive their hype and its attendant backlash."
Billboard.com,80,"Bold, beautiful and carefully contrary, it's an album by a band in complete control. [Feb 2010, p.77]"
Paste Magazine,80,"With a mix of frantic and scrappy pop songs alongside blankets of processed peacefulness Contra is a fun and always intriguing listen."
AllMusic,80,"New York prepsters stick to their Paul Simon-goes-indie formula on successful second album."
Alternative Press,80,"Ezra Koenig's songwriting is effortless and breezy, and the Afropop rhythms are as strong as ever."
Boston Globe,80,"Contra is cohesive and concise; it may have the effervescence of California, but it is over in a New York minute."
Mojo,80,"Vampire Weekend's willingness to write an album of exciting new material, rearranging the very core of the sound they've come to be known for, will be maddening on first listen for those who loved their debut--but those who stick it out will discover that there's a more mature, innovative band in its place."
PopMatters,80,"Contra may not propose much of a rebuttal to those who thumbed their nose up at the band's past work, but it's not difficult to see how it could strengthen their core audience while netting them some new fans at the same time."
Hot Press,80,"Any fears that the zippy Afro-pop of these New York-based hipsters was a novelty--so very 2008--are quickly dispelled on this confident and completely entertaining second album."
AllMusic,80,"With Contra, Vampire Weekend make Auto-Tune and real live guitars, Mexican drinks, Jamaican riffs and Upper West Side strings belong together, and this exciting lack of boundaries offers more possibilities than anyone could have expected."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Contra flourishes in its effort to ease up on 'A-Punk''s stiffness as the quartet engages in sonic experimentation of unprecedented playfulness even compared to the debut's."
Rolling Stone,80,"Contra is the sound of a band driving themselves to very satisfying extremes. [Feb 2010, p. 96]"
Q Magazine,80,"Compared to the mulch churned out by far too many, Contra will cut through most of the stuff on the radio like sunshine through clouds. [Feb 2010, p 100]"
Pitchfork,78,"The New York quartet works its way out of that corner on its meticulous sculpted sophomore LP, Contra, branching out with tangents into kinetic ska-punk ('Holiday,' 'Cousins') and hyper dancehall music."
Uncut,75,"Although some songs ('Taxi Cab' and 'Holiday' especially) can make it seem like just another, nicer sweater to knot around our necks, the other word I never expected to use here is perhaps the most important for a young band of VW's talent: better."
musicOMH.com,70,"These songs become more appealing with each spin. And despite the influences, the sound transcend. [Holiday, 2009, p.77]"
Q Magazine,70,"This is a much, much more consistent album, it's got nothing as immediate as 'Mansard Roof' or 'A-Punk', and it moves a little toward the pop end of their sound, but other than that it's business as usual."
Filter,70,"It's ironic and ill-fitting that such ditch-hopping actually embroils them in impassioned debate--and it's a credit to them that, love or hate these songs' lack of drama, you'll remember them very, very well."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"Contra is a solidly entertaining, well-constructed album, and if people take to it, the tendency to mock the band will, I think, fade, simply because it doesn't have obviously unfashionable moments to feel uneasy about."
The A.V. Club,56,"Why Vampire Weekend seem uninterested in being a no frills pop band is a mystery. They slather what would sometimes be solid songwriting with such production doodads, intertextual namedrops, wry smirks, and defensive irony that the songs themselves are crushed under the weight"
Billboard.com,50,"Misguided in points, Contra shows a more accomplished and daring Vampire Weekend--albeit a less endearing one. [Feb 2010, p.97]"
Drowned In Sound,50,"The musical detail is impressive, if not quite adding up to as many catchy songs as on the debut. A greater concern is that after two albums, it's pretty apparent that Vampire Weekend doesn't really have a whole lot to say."
PopMatters,50,"Contra isn't really that bad, yet it's also not nearly sturdy enough to maintain the puppy-love, Obama-esque crush many of us have had on them."

Uncut,80,"At this point, Starrs limitations as a vocalist and a songwriter are well known. But if youve been on the Starr trip thus far, Y Not shouldnt jostle you off."
Mojo,75,"The heart of the 10-song collection comes from his continued exploration of how to hold onto noble ideals in the face of ever-rising cynicism and violence."
AllMusic,72,"The big guns are firing again on his newest release, Y Not, and to good effect."
Pitchfork,60,"His 16th studio album, Y Not--recorded with a cast of all-stars including Paul McCartney and Joss Stone--is full of straightforward, sweetly melodic tunes, most of them about Starr's abiding optimism."
Slant Magazine,60,"There is charm to Starrs tried and true: exciting it is not but its as comforting as an old friend who doesnt change, he just stays the same."
Under The Radar,60,"Amid the cornball sentiments and bizarre arrangements elsewhere, here against the odds, a touching moment presents itself. [Mar 2010, p.96]"
Billboard.com,60,"Ringo makses a good fist of his production debut. [Apr 2010, p.98]"
Entertainment Weekly,50,"The Beatlesque affectations of Starr's recent discs have been replaced with determinedly bland '80s production, although there are still enough painfully underwritten peace 'n' love aphorisms to make even a Rip Van Winkle hippie wince."
AllMusic,50,"Ringo solo album... Come back! Its not that bad!"
BBC Music,40,"Flush with broad sentiment and a messy spread of good feelings, Y Not finds the funniest Beatle on the outside of the joke."
The Guardian,40,"It's a faintly embarrassing trifle that only a 69-year old ex-Beatle could get away with. [Apr 2010, p.120]"

Rolling Stone,83,"Here he frames her Valley Girl sneer with electro-glam arrangements that make brushing one's teeth ''with a bottle of Jack'' sound like an awesome way to kill the morning-after blues."
PopMatters,80,"Arguments of purpose and meaning aside, Animal is an infectiously good dance-pop album, and by all meaningful estimations, a towering triumph"
Drowned In Sound,75,"Ke$ha's tipsy lilt allows her to effortlessly shift from half-singing to half-talking, a technique that makes her vocals carom like shiny pinballs against the crazy beats and sound effects that make up these tracks. She never gets bogged down or sounds like she's trying too hard."
Sputnikmusic,75,"Animal is a clear subversion of pop norms amid a sea of synth stabbing and whisky guzzling, a kick in the groin on a dark dance floor."
AllMusic,66,"Animal teems with choruses that stick with the listener for days, from the blissful 'Your Love Is My Drug' to the catty 'Backstabber.' Equally prevalent, however, are heavily processed vocals, which make it hard to tell whether the California cutie can actually sing."
PopMatters,61,"Each song will become the soundtrack for Mean Girls soccer moms and pre-teen pre-sluts everywhere."
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"It's repulsive, obnoxious and ridiculously catchy--thanks to songwriter-producers Dr. Luke and Max Martin, who envelop Ke$ha's bratty raps in percolating beats and buzzing bass lines."
Billboard.com,60,"Snooty taste makers and parents should avoid Animal at all costs, but with so many fun, TiK ToK-type tracks, the album has plenty for both brats and the bratty at heart."
Alternative Press,60,"Clearly aiming for som eof the Lady Gaga's action, debut album Animal contains more of the same surging synth-pop and invitations to party. [Mar 2010, p.110]"
Spin,50,"Beneath the patina of skeezy Freshers-Week-LOLZ lyrics (got a water-bottle of whiskey in my handbag) lies a talent."
The A.V. Club,50,"It's effective, not good. More tellingly, it's catchy in spite of Ke$ha, not because of her."
Rolling Stone,40,"An occasionally fun, occasionally catchy pop record that will log a few hits, move a few units and ultimately be forgotten once this particular pop trend goes the way of Crunk, Snap Music, the Power Ballad and all the other castoffs in the ever-expanding pop graveyard."
Drowned In Sound,40,"That said, there are plenty of catchy moments. Beat-wise, Boots & Boys--a song about what brings her joy--is incredibly well constructed. If only the insipid lyrics were left off completely."
AllMusic,40,"Overall Animal is a dumb album. Where it tries to be empowering and fun it comes off sounding like a spoilt brat singing the American Pie script through auto-tune."
Delusions of Adequacy,40,"She comes over as an amalgam of Lady Gaga, Katy Perry and Britney, which, judging by the multimillion sales of single Tik Tok, is just what the market wants."
cokemachineglow,30,"Its hard to remember the last time an album so flat and vacuous generated such a buzz."
Pitchfork,30,"Just about the only thing Ke$ha makes convincing on Animal is that the current crop of party girls are every bit as soulless as they let on."
Alternative Press,20,"The 23-year-old Valley girl's sonically lurid and brash, (supposedly) autobiographical debut may boast production heavyweights like Benny Blancoi, but her witless, cranked-to-11 stridency recalls Kelly Clarkson and Avril Lavigne rather than Pink or Britney. [May 2010, p.94]"

musicOMH.com,70,"McPhee sounds much more comfortable amid Alagia's rootsy singer/songwriter settings than she did surrounded by the shiny R&B beats of her self-titled debut,"
The A.V. Club,60,"Unbroken is a conventional set, at times too much so, with a stripped-down musical backdrop of acoustic guitars and piano. McPhee has smartly reined in her vocal approach to find the nuances of the lyrics without trying to raise the roof."
Under The Radar,58,"The Idolrunner-up's pleasant-but-unremarkable vocals can't elevate this tepid collection."
Pitchfork,50,"On Idol, McPhee always favored middle of the road over modern, and Unbroken returns her to that course, bringing her somewhere within the vicinity of Paula Cole (who co-writes the title track), Rachael Yamagata (who co-writes Keep Drivin) and Mandy Moores stylized 70s throwback, flavored with the slightest traces of modern sounds, including a vague borrowing of Beyonc phrasing."

AllMusic,90,"The brilliance of Chant Darling is that while it peddles a brand of indie pop that comes off chewed over and spat out a million times over, there is nothing tiring about it. Thats because its neither precious nor gimmicky nor remotely self-conscious. And its just so beautiful!"
Drowned In Sound,80,"Lawrence Arabia's narrator persona, with one foot sternly in the past and the other staggering, trying desperately to get away, loiters before it settles. This makes Chant Darling a charming listen whose dolorous sentiment recurs like a welcome motif, each song taking time to reveal its full charm."
PopMatters,80,"There is enough in the moments which dont quite astound to suggest that Lawrence Arabia is on the cusp of making a real classic of a record, until that time arrives, go check out Beautiful Young Crew and drool at the prospect of an album which tops it not once but twice."
Uncut,80,"Lawrence Arabia's world may lean toward Edwardian anachronism, but that echo of simpler times will charm your socks off. [Jan 2010, p.123]"
Q Magazine,80,"The effortlessly adroit songwriting on this, his second album shows why [in-the-know Kiwis have long talked up the talents of James Milne]. [Jan 2010, p.118]"
AllMusic,70,"Chant Darling is an album that won't leave a massive impression on first listen, but there's a definite charm that keeps you coming back for more."
Chicago Tribune,70,"His naked candor drives a stake through your heart, the emotional payoff on an equivocal and conflicted, yet excellent record, and one that augurs even greater things to come. [Winter 2010, p.63]"
Billboard.com,63,"Chant Darling doesn't hit strike that balance often enough, and very few of these songs allow such a glimpse of the musician behind them. Ultimately, Lawrence Arabia's carefully tailored influences have the same effect as that stage name, as if Milne was intent on absenting himself from his own album."
Spin,60,"Nothing here is without precedent, but personality goes a long way, and the best bits of Chant Darling are full of it."

Alternative Press,80,"'I Can See in Color' is the culmination of an album on which Ms. Blige straps herself into the contemporary R&B machine, then grapples her way out."
The A.V. Club,80,"The queen of hip-hop soul splits her loyalty between three masters with the agility of a gymnast, but she manages to hold a mood with seamless transitions between each."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Throughout Stronger With Each Tear, Blige solidly reinforces why she endures as a fan favorite."
Rolling Stone,80,"Although Stronger with Each Tear may not be one of her greatest works, it ensures that Blige remains as relevant as any of her more recent contemporaries."
PopMatters,75,"Stronger with Each Tear might not have the raw emotionalism of some of her earlier work but it's clearly a polished performance from a woman who's 100% comfortable in her own skin, healed wounds and all."
Pitchfork,75,"A hip-hop soul hymnbook full of inspirationals. There's so much feel-goodness, you might long for the drama of yore."
Under The Radar,75,"Stronger With Each Tear, her ninth studio release, continues a string of releases that play like self-empowerment pep talks garnished by pop assembly-line producers."
Boston Globe,70,"Stronger with Each Tear is a very good Blige album, if not quite a classic."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Blige's experiment works in the context of her album."
AllMusic,60,"The result is minor Mary--strong by many standards, a bit tepid by hers."
The New York Times,60,"Stronger With Each Tear, as with most R&B albums, attempts to cover all bases and as such feels a little all over the place. Thankfully, there's enough here to cover the cracks that appear when she's taken out of her comfort zone, which, as much as it shows diversity, seems an odd place to want to leave when the results are often so spectacular."
The Guardian,50,"Blige's frequent problems with pitch control [on 'I Can See in Color'] mar what should have been the album's finest moment. Instead, the song is just indicative of the larger problem with Stronger: None of the elements that actually work ever manage to do so at the same time."

Billboard.com,91,"Keys' material is ultimately about the slow reveal, not the instant blitz. If Element asks for patience, it also earns it."
Boston Globe,80,"While R&B artists clamour for synth-heavy, layered production by The-Dream, Danja and Jim Jonsin, Keys proves a hit album can still be made using conventional means."
Q Magazine,78,"Keys delivers a musically understated but richly passionate set of soul paeans to being in love, out of love, lovelorn and pining for her man to return."
Uncut,75,"It's far from a shock but definitely a disappointment to watch Ms. Trained Pianist survey her branding options and choose the bland card over the brains card."
AllMusic,75,"It's her most consistent album and also her most low-key."
The Guardian,75,"After the all-too-human ups and downs she's experienced through the rest of the album, ultimately she comes out of it sounding pretty, well, super."
Q Magazine,70,"Throughout the album's remaining 13 tracks, the experience is not unlike watching a flower bloom in time-lapse; this one's about Keys stepping away from safety, and the whole thing benefits beautifully from her sense of daring."
Hot Press,70,"Keys never gets gritty, she remains reserved, never letting her singing or arrangements obscure the melodies or the classy veneer of the entire proceedings. All this determined detachment keeps The Element of Freedom from packing a primal, passionate punch, but there is charm in Alicia's enveloping, quiet cool."
Sputnikmusic,70,"It's surely a compliment to suggest that someone as abundantly gifted as she is can do better than this enjoyable, occasionally brilliant but disappointingly generic record."
The Guardian,60,"After so many highlights, the duds feel inconsequential, easily bypassed. Only when Keys panders to Top 40 radio does the album truly stumble, sounding like a hodgepodge of transparent ideas."
Dot Music,60,"But all that queenliness, and the sameness of the tempo, start to wear you down. It's not until the 10th track, 'Put It in a Love Song,' that the record starts to bristle with a less regal impulse: flirting."
musicOMH.com,60,"Her fourth, The Element of Freedom, is full of straightforward pleas for affection that are neither outstanding nor run-of-the-mill."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"On The Element of Freedom, the production compresses her voice, making it sound a lot less like her, especially on the ballads."
The A.V. Club,50,"In most of these dozen tracks (not including a ponderous intro regarding the necessity of risk and a slow-jam sequel to Jay-Z's 'Empire State of Mind') Keys seems uninterested in breaking new ground, snooze-controlling her way through a series of familiar piano-soul platitude."
PopMatters,50,"With so few highlights, an unwieldy 52-minute runtime, and a second half nearly devoid of strong material, Freedom doesn't begin to contend with that release--or indeed, even many of those by Keys's objectively less talented contemporaries."
Delusions of Adequacy,30,"The Element of Freedom is just really well-made elevator music. It's boring, soulless, and pretentious."

Drowned In Sound,100,"What's absolutely consistent is Young's almost alchemical ability to mesmerise with the sparest of tools - his reedy quaver and sturdy but unflashy accompaniment providing the only embellishments to his elliptical lyrics and aching melodies. [Jan 2010, p. 120]"
musicOMH.com,91,"The lack of ornamentation suits the album's themes, as the narrator wrestles with reconciling his youthful ambitions with middle-age reality."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Even in their nascent form, these songs are powerful, soulful, and hopeful."
Sputnikmusic,80,"If harvest Moon ever threatened to melt your teetch, now's the chance to really bite down. If You already love iut, you can get a sugar rush all over again. Win-win. [Feb 2010, p.112]"
The Guardian,75,"On its own merits, this is an enjoyable record, featuring some of Youngs best 90s songs."
Q Magazine,70,"Some of the songs do gain a degree of poignancy in this bare-bones setting, which doesnt make them better, just different, and certainly worth hearing for those fans dedicated enough to care."
Under The Radar,50,"With its patchwork (and, as of press time, unknown) 1992 sources, the set's neither particularly representative of Young live nor particularly different from the pleasant Harvest Moon album itself (cheering and lack of backing vocals, strings and session hands aside)."
AllMusic,50,"Problem is, the track order is the only major variation; these performances, though stripped down and sans backing vocals, are far too similar to the album itself to warrant re-release."

Spin,75,"The sound's still high quality on 'Shock Value II,' it's just not 100% his own any more - maybe 50%, maybe 75%, all depending on what the co-credits really mean."
Slant Magazine,67,"So far, so predicatable--at least until 'Tomorrow In The Bottle,' which features Chad Kroeger of Nickelback. That guy's got a funky bone? Talk about a shocker. [11 Dec 2009, p.115]"
The Boston Phoenix,50,"Many of the same vices that plagued the first installment of 'Shock Value' keep the second edition sodden as well: Tim's precise, micromanaged beats usually outshine his random collection of vocal collaborators."
Pitchfork,50,"Timbo's genius has always been of the wizard-behind-the-curtain variety, and here his clunky croon dominates."
Dot Music,50,"Nothing quite fits, giving the impression that this material wasn't good enough for the guest artists' own albums."
Rolling Stone,47,"Shock Value II packs plenty of heat from the layered beats, but never lets Timbaland shine as the artist he wants to become."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"The whole thing sounds like it was made fairly quickly, as if Tim came up with a clever idea and proceeded to fill out the track with whatever came to mind first, rather than truly enhance it."
Mojo,40,"The productions flaunt Timbaland trademarks: vocal sounds imitating turntable scratching, quick keyboard arabesques, grunts as percussion. But now he fills in the spaces that made his old tracks so startling."
Uncut,30,"Justin Timberlake and Drake both offer admirable turns, but are forced to operate with unenviably tepid production. The overall laziness of that facet is even more inexcusable coming from one of the most renowned producers of the last decade."

No Ripcord,90,"Matching catchy pop songs and good production to hip-hop's most wanted, it all comes full circle in Straight No Chaser."
AllMusic,80,"Its a talent for smallness in spite of showy surroundings, an Englishness thats as convincing as anything Jamie T, Mike Skinner or Lily Allen has produced, infiltrating the upper echelons of the American music establishment."
Urb,80,"Pretty much every song on Straight No Chaser is a future pop anthem of powerhouse proportions."
Slant Magazine,60,"The No 2 hit 'Supernova' and new single 'White Lies' bode well, showing what he can do with a tune and a computer, but West is forever adding clunky raps where they're not wanted and diverting the spotlight from Hudson."
Pitchfork,60,"It's the very real emotional core that save Straight No Chaser from being just a slickly anonymous pop confection. [Nov 2009, p.100]"
cokemachineglow,60,"Accept the general aura of legwarmers and it's fun. [Nov 2009, p.90]"
Paste Magazine,40,"Plenty of time is wasted on auto tune, to the detriment of almost all the album's vocals."
Under The Radar,20,"Its not Hudsons foghorn bellowings that are the real enemy on this record, its that motherfucking computer program [Auto-Tune]."

musicOMH.com,91,"The muscular, instantly recognizable growl that carried her to a fourth-place finish on American Idol's eighth season is all she needs to seamlessly wed a collection of first-rate ditties."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"The boys got most of the attention on American Idol last season, but fourth-place finisher Allison Iraheta has the last laugh with the most consistent debut album thus far."
Uncut,74,"Her debut album, Just Like You, has no shortage of commanding pop-rock tunes, but Iraheta really shines when her spirited voice breaks through the precise production."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Allison may strongly resemble her idols here, but chalk that up to youth and it doesnt prevent her from conveying considerable charisma."
PopMatters,60,"Just Like You is a workmanlike pop album with shrewdly punky touches, like a ready-made outfit from the mall chain Hot Topic. It flatters Ms. Iraheta as a singer but too often suggests other empowered female stars, like Pink or Brandi Carlile or Kelly Clarkson."
Alternative Press,50,"That spitfire spirit carries over into the most electrifying moments of Just Like You, a batch of tuff-girl tunes for the torn-fishnets set, but too much of it sounds impermanent, like so much Manic Panic rinsing down the drain."
Under The Radar,50,"'Friday I'll Be Over U' is Scandinavian-designed punk-pop perfection, and 'Robot Love' turns Gary Glitter's 'Rock and Roll Part 2' riff into something fresh. But on ballads like 'Scars,' Iraheta sounds so much like Pink that it's distracting."

Q Magazine,91,"With only nine tracks, followed by three espaol translations and a handful of superfluous bonus tunes, She Wolf feels a bit thin. That quibble aside, this is some of the most unusually effective dance-floor dynamite you're likely to encounter all year."
The New York Times,90,"This blend of cheerful weirdness and sick beats--often supplied by the Neptunes, delivering tough, sensual rhythms in a way they havent in a long time, but also John Hill and Wyclef Jean--is giddily addicting, a celebration of all the strange sensuality that comes out at night."
AllMusic,80,"These are very much Shakira songs, not merely songs produced by The Neptunes."
Billboard.com,80,"The music's Pharrell Williams-assisted dancefloor pop; the words entirely Shakira's. Preposterously brilliant."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"Shakira's trademark warble is gauche, but whether boasting about sex on 'Why Wait' or wailing on the guitar-propelled 'Mon Amour,' she's a charmer--a globe-straddling star you can cuddle up to."
Boston Globe,80,"Yet while these tracks might bring Nelly Furtado's Timbaland-fueled makeover to mind, there is more to She Wolf than glossy dance-pop. [Dec 2009, p. 124]"
Los Angeles Times,70,"Were pleased to report that her third English-sung studio effort is as nutty as ever; combining Neptunes-esque beats with flamenco, post-punk riffs, synths, Arabian strings, gongs and disco."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),70,"'I want us thinking outside the box,' Shakira tells a lover on her third English-language studio disc. And musically, at least, she succeeds throughout the wildly eclectic She Wolf."
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"Unique--and not bad, either."
The A.V. Club,60,"Ultimately, the list of collaborators on She Wolf may be an impressive roll call, but perhaps Shakira would do better in listening to her own instincts than that of others."
Slant Magazine,60,"Howling good fun from Lupine superstar."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Timbaland and Lil Wayne are brought in for second single 'Give It Up to Me,' a last-minute effort to insure that She Wolf will be more appealing to U.S. audiences, but the track is none of the participating parties' best moments, and it's unlikely to save a project that, like the loba herself, has a bit of an identity problem."
Drowned In Sound,60,"The result is certainly more adventurous than anything from her peers, if a little forced."
musicOMH.com,50,"She Wolf splits down the middle pretty easily, half the tracks exuding a wry sexuality and a retro-rocking stylistic template while the other half dabble with already-passed production fads and remarkably incoherent metaphors."
No Ripcord,40,"Its so undercooked and overwritten--with wan wolf howls and lines about being treated like a coffee machine in an office--that it reaches a special class of fascinating-awful."

Austin Chronicle,83,"If For Your Entertainment's material sometimes wears him rather than vice versa, he's still the belle of what turns out to be one heck of a glitter-pop ball."
Pitchfork,80,"Lambert sounds larger than life on these, just like he wants to be, and if theres no sense of danger here, at least theres a lot of pure pop pleasure here, more than any immediate post-Idol album has ever delivered."
cokemachineglow,75,"Lamberts ambition and undeniable vocal chops make it easy to forgive an occasionally over-reaching record that ultimately feels like a rough draft for an interesting career."
Lost At Sea,75,"For Your Entertainment is a polished affair, but stylistically, it shows Lambert running loose like a kid in a Comme des Garons store."
Uncut,70,"Everyone from Lady Gaga to Muse chips in here with perhaps the strongest, most flavorful batch of tunes to reach an AI vet, and Lambert's polymorphous vocal skills unite dancefloor strut and hard-rock pomp in a convincing glam package."
PopMatters,70,"Over the course of the album's 14 tracks, Lambert struts and vamps and brings a real sense of spectacle to his vocal performances."
AllMusic,63,"Its a series of hedged bets. It stuffs Lambert into a box of formulas that keep his musical flamboyance in check."
NOW Magazine,60,"The songs sound great but feel strangely stuffy--Entertainment seems like a disc that was overthought."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Musically its a gloriously tacky mix of dance pop and hair metal, and we mean that in the best way possible....The only problem is that he doesnt go far enough, likely the result of the label trying to tone down his flamboyance."
Observer Music Monthly,40,"This is an overwrought, clunky, only sparingly entertaining record, constantly in argument with itself. Worse, 'For Your Entertainment' isnt an ambitious flop, its a conservative one."

The Guardian,91,"Only after being overwhelmed by the sheer visibility of her warp-speed relaunch did I realize how enjoyable and inescapable her hooks and snatches had turned out to be."
Hot Press,88,"Not only does this new song cycle retain the Euro-tastic sheen of its predecessor, it outdoes it in sheer dance-floor whump."
Mojo,80,"'Poker Face,' pretty much the one song 2009 will be remembered for, are included on the original album, this becomes essential for anyone who even remotely likes pop. For the rest of us, it's the moment Gaga cements herself as a real star."
Dusted Magazine,80,"The lead single is a powerhouse of dance waves and infectiously produced beats, but the album doesn't always stand out as definitive, even though it's consistently fresh and innovative."
The New York Times,80,"She creates layers of dark, self-indulgent, eye-popping music that holds up against her previous hits and is, in some cases, even more satisfying."
Dot Music,80,"Dirty dance-diva bundles new EP with reissued album."
Under The Radar,78,"Instead of shoehorning references to celebrity into some tracks, she's borrowing elements and templates and simply focusing on quality control. The weird result is that, despite her flitting between personalities and personas, her music feels more like her own here than it did on her debut LP."
AllMusic,75,"In her music videos and live shows over the past year, Gaga has worked hard to demonstrate her creative ambition and stylistic range, and that project continues on The Fame Monster."
Billboard.com,70,"Fame Monster does provide some small, if fleeting, glimpses behind the pretense."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"She covers her conceptual bets by rolling out sturdy club-thumpers, and this eight-song EP (included in the reissue and sold separately) is largely on point."
Rolling Stone,70,"The Fame Monster says nothing new lyrically, and has its troughs, but it's a bolder and more coherent record than GaGa's debut."
AllMusic,60,"When all is said and done, The Fame Monster isn't going to win Lady Gaga any new converts, but it does prove something to her millions of fans: that she's not complacent with doing the same thing over again."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"It's comforting to learn that Lady Gaga's supposed dark side--The Fame Monster offers a flipside to The Fame's sexy fun--is just as fun-loving and club-rousing as the songs that made her famous, because, really, her playful faade is a huge part of her appeal."
Billboard.com,60,"Available as a second disc with The Fame or as a self-contained album, The Fame Monster continues where Gaga's debut left off and features eight new tracks of varying quality."

Los Angeles Times,70,"On an album without humor or melodrama, a devotional spirit reigns."
Slant Magazine,67,"For fans of Boyle's original Britain's Got Talent clip, the result might be a bit of a letdown, especially in snoozily competent versions of 'Daydream Believer' and Madonna's 'You'll See,' which offer none of her jarred-lightning charm."
Paste Magazine,60,"There are some lovely vocal performances here and some well-appointed and understated arrangements. But not one of Boyles versions transcends the original or adds much of an emotional shading, other than a consistent undercurrent of melancholy that makes the album feel increasingly drab."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Boyle sings beautifully throughout, delivering more of the same of what she did in her moment in the sun on television. Those won over by Boyle, either her voice or story, will surely be satisfied."
AllMusic,50,"Boyle is perfectly comfortable singing actual hymns like 'Amazing Grace,' though her take on them is pretty much on a level with any local church's choir star. She's at her worst when she pushes harder; she doesn't know how to build drama, and her throat seems to constrict as she reaches for bigger notes."
Billboard.com,40,"The earnest piano arrangements and Boyle's tender but colourless readings of 12 familiar songs will undoubtedly be bliss to fans of musical theatre; anyone else will be gnawing the sleeve in frustration after five minutes."
PopMatters,40,"I Dreamed a Dream finds Ms. Boyle casting about for some kind of musical identity."
Slant Magazine,30,"Because the songs are so riddled with cliches and are largely too familiar, and because the music is so tepid and tasteful to a fault, the album simply isn't able to overcome that lack of depth."

PopMatters,83,"While this new Reality contains fewer knockout potential hits than past efforts, it does boast the two strongest soul-flecked tracks of Williams career. [20 Nov 1009, p.87]"
Delusions of Adequacy,80,"You might expect an album this musically surefooted to be triumphalist in tone, but Reality Killed the Video Star is more complicated and interesting than that."
Slant Magazine,80,"By agreeing instead to compromise he's actually found both the quality and integrity he so desires and an album of songs which by anyone's definition sounds like a return to form."
Pitchfork,75,"Like the verbal tricks he loves to employ, the appeal of Robbie Williams might still be too tricky to be truly universal. But this album proves that he is a great brain teaser."
Paste Magazine,75,"The end result may not be enough to convince America it's missing out, but expect this album to bring the already-converted back onboard in droves."
AllMusic,70,"The typically droll Video Star includes a cowbell-enhanced rave-up ('Do You Mind'), a bit of Lady Gagaish electro-pop ('Last Days of Disco'), and one track named after Transformers ('Deceptacon'). It's a charm offensive with stars and stripes."
The A.V. Club,60,"Comparisons with Older are revealing, for Robbie sounds a bit world weary here at times, and the orchestrations are layered on thickly in an attempt to bring some brightness to the grey. Sometimes this works--with the electro swagger of Bodies a case in point--but other times the colour is a pasty, codeine white."
Drowned In Sound,60,"For the most part, Reality... swings between the mawkish strings and piano overproduction which Williams has seemed overly attached to ever since 1998's Bond-inspired 'Millennium,' and flashes of genuine pop frivolity, for which he likely has producer Trevor Horn to thank."
Mojo,60,"Millennial It Boy gets the horn on eighth album."
Q Magazine,60,"The album is a solid contribution to Williams catalogue, but doesnt achieve the peerless pop and dance genius of 'The Ego Has Landed' (1999) or 'Sing When Youre Winning' (2000)."
The Guardian,60,"Reality Killed The Video Star - produced, as the title suggests, by Trevor Horn - offers more than a glimmer of hope.  [Dec 2009, p. 94]"
BBC Music,60,"The majority of Reality Killed the Video Star - a reliably punning title, and this one almost works - seems to have taken its glum atmospheric cue from Morrissey's Vauxhall And I or Rufus Wainwright's less fruity concoctions - without necessarily taking on board any of their melodic or lyrical gifts. [Dec 2009, p. 108]"
Pitchfork,60,"A gift for deadpan couplets alone can't quite elevate him to [Rufas Wainwright or Pet Shop Boys'] league, [but] this album offer signs that, if he want to, Robbie might escape the neurosis of celebrity and mature into a genuinely witty songwriter. [Dec 2009, p.121]"
Dusted Magazine,50,"By downplaying Williams's formerly irrepressible charm, Reality simply doesn't make for an effective reintroduction to one of the U.S. pop market's biggest missed opportunities."
PopMatters,50,"In its defense, Reality isnt a comeback album--even Williams admits its too late to recapture his former glory--but the blandly derivative collection raises the question of what the aborted 2007 album sounded like. Compared to this, maybe art."
Under The Radar,40,"The more you delve into it the less you find, because its all affectation."
NOW Magazine,40,"The whole album lacks focus. Williams jumps around from big band to Pet Shop Boys electro to piano ballads to easy rocking. The one common thread is overproduction."

New Musical Express (NME),90,"Featuring some of the most inventive producers in pop and steered by a singer who knows her way round a catchy melody or five, Don't Stop is one of the best pop albums of 2009."
musicOMH.com,90,"Thanks to collaborations with Richard X, Franz Ferdinands Alex Kapranos and Xenomanias Brian Higgins, Annies cross-genre pop with strange edges still comes together with plenty of bang."
AllMusic,83,"Anyone who can bring real emotion to lines like How does it feel to hear your songs on the radio? / And does it hurt to hear your songs on the radio? deserves to be a real star."
PopMatters,83,"Don't Stop is bubblegum fun with long-lasting flavor."
Hot Press,80,"The lead single has been switched more times than a Sugababes member and the tracklisting has been mercurial. But, oh boy, was it worth the wait."
Mojo,80,"It's a delightful confection, filled with attention to detail and perfectly turned--and deserving of your attention."
Uncut,80,"Dont Stop is an electro-pop truffle--a tasty confection with a hard, glossy shell surrounding a smooth, melt-in-your-ear interior of cheeky, playful lyrics."
Spin,80,"Fragrant ballads 'When The Night' and 'Marie Cheri' add a softer dimension to a bold collection on which Annie rarely puts a foot wrong. [Nov 2009, p. 81]"
The Guardian,77,"Annie steals listeners' hearts with her light-as-a-feather vocal delivery and infectious beats."
Q Magazine,75,"Novelty is only part of what makes pop work, and on Dont Stop, Annie brings enough of the other stuff--hooks, grooves, and a combination of sass and sincerity--to make you forgive her tardiness."
Rolling Stone,74,"Its an inspired recasting of Annies wispy voice[on 'Marie Cherie'], which seems to ring truest when draped in melancholy. That vulnerability--more than anything else--sets Annie apart from the pack."
New Musical Express (NME),72,"Not every song on Don't Stop or its bonus All Night EP is a classic, but Annie's good taste has yielded another fine crop of pop tunes."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"The inescapable feeling that Dont Stop probably wont sell all that many copies makes the songs sound like electric guitars without amplifiers. There are only so many things a musician can provide and sadly Annie has it all but that key component."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"Annie deserves credit for attempting to stretch, both vocally and lyrically, but she's better off when quietly lamenting lost love or championing the power of the dance floor to bring people together, as she effectively does on the opening track 'Hey Annie.'"
Hot Press,70,"Don't Stop boasts gleaming dance-pop production from first-album collaborators Richard X and Timo Kaukolampi, plus Bloc Party/Kate Nash producer Paul Epworth and Franz Ferdinand's Alex Kapranos."
musicOMH.com,70,"All tracks considered, Annie makes a significant step forward with Dont Stop. That step that might have taken awhile to hit the floor, but was well placed when it did."
Observer Music Monthly,70,"Her second LP, re-tweaked after a leak and a label change, refines her Euro-disco with more flavors and fewer hooks. Still, the music remains rapturous and cheeky."
Q Magazine,70,"As on Anniemal, Don't Stop contains some of the catchiest, most clever dance-pop in circulation....The collaborations with Xenomania (five songs), Timo Kaukolampi (three), and Richard X (one) arent as powerful, however, with a good handful of their songs no match for Anniemals weaker moments."
Rolling Stone,65,"Some of these songs do, of course, belong on the radio: Theyre saturated with production effects catered to a generation that calls its designer drug ecstasy, all wrapped around indulgent hooks, sentimental lyrics, and a sweet voice airbrushed into flawlessness. But Annie flaunts too much."
AllMusic,60,"The result was a record stranded between the two [mainstream or underground cool], hummable, but too quirky to cross over. [Nov 2009, p.101]"
Urb,50,"When it's good, it's very good. And when it's bad...well... [Holiday 2009, p.81]"
Dot Music,40,"Indeed, Annies given us a few winning singles but also a lot of glitz that can probably be ignored after one listen or two."

Pitchfork,80,"As with its predecessor, 2006's Continuum, not a note, not a breadth, is wasted--and the playing, from a crack team including Pino Palladino, Steve Jordan and Ian McLagan, is unfussily superb throughout. [Jan 2010, p. 90]"
Slant Magazine,79,"While the artist has raised some eyebrows by asking, 'Who says I can't get stoned?' (on the album's first single, 'Who Says'), the rest of the collection certainly has the goods to eclipse that overblown controversy."
The Guardian,70,"Even when the proceedings threaten to get turgid, the intimacy of Mayers expression never wavers, and in many ways thats the albums greatest victory."
Uncut,70,"Battle Studies, by comparison is relaxed and laid back, its feet in the air and stripped of extravagance with Mayer simply doing his thang with ease and pazazz."
Mojo,70,"Here, Mayer is effortlessly seductive and somewhat irresistible, and its easy to see why the ladies love cool John."
Under The Radar,70,"Love as a battlefield."
Boston Globe,67,"Battle Studies is, for the most part, status quo Mayeromics  an expertly calibrated study in soft-pedal confessions, searching lyricism, and mildly groovy guitar licks."
The Guardian,63,"That deficit [of passion] leaves many of the songs strangely uninvolving, despite the beauty of his melodies and empathetic production he and drummer Steve Jordan have given them."
Entertainment Weekly,63,"Mayers albums were maturing one after the other, combining electric blues and clever songwriting, but he takes a few steps back with the lovelorn Battle Studies, a superficial meditation on the jagged down-slope of a relationshipthe romantic blitzkrieg that recalls, among other genres, his early acoustic sound on 'Room for Squares.'"
Billboard.com,60,"Battle Studies is terrific when Mayer drops the seriousness, pondering and sending up his reputation as a rake."
AllMusic,60,"It would be unfair to call Battle Studies an outright misfire, but its undoubtedly a regression on his winding, forward-moving path toward artistic maturity. Two steps forward, one step back then."
Rolling Stone,60,"His latest mundane disc lacks edge despite sometimes aiming for U2."
Dot Music,60,"While Heartbreak Warfare and War Of My Life chug pleasantly along in their Police-lite way, and Taylor Swift makes the briefest of cameos on the bittersweet half Of My Heart, true inspiration, as ever, remains a conspicuous absentee. [Jan 2010, p. 120]"
The A.V. Club,50,"His vocals here are mostly murmurs, and the musical accompaniment, though skillful throughout, lacks the punch of his previous albums."
Los Angeles Times,40,"Mayer's talents are obvious, but there's so much more cheese than charm here that he would seem like a hard sell outside the Billboard heartland."
Slant Magazine,40,"Instead of the dynamic sound Mayer is capable of, he has instead continued along the same nicely-paved road he has ridden his whole studio career, a path that has always elicited the same reaction from this writer  a shrug."
The New York Times,30,"It's clear that he's capable of far more than this. What's most puzzling and disappointing about Battle Studies, then, is that its banality seems like a deliberate choice."

New Musical Express (NME),67,"Despite scoring writing credits on an impressive nine of these 13 tracks, Allen gets himself stylistically lost somewhere between Fly White Guy Avenue ('Can't Stay Away') and Bleeding Heart Boulevard ('The Truth'), while rarely visiting original territory."
musicOMH.com,60,"Its a polite mix of soft rock with hints of boundary jumping that, unfortunately, never truly come. Theres really nothing wrong with the set; its sweetly executed and produced."
AllMusic,60,"Unhip it may be by design, but at least Kris Allen delivers the goods: its tuneful and likeable, melodic enough to merit a close listen."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Its a seamless continuation of his Idol run, full of gentle songs that he only rarely tries to rough up. The flattening of the recording process suits him well."
Billboard.com,40,"Sure, there are a handful of half-decent cuts included here, but even they have limited lasting value. Meanwhile, the filler (arguably half the LP) is mind-numbingly boring."
Boston Globe,40,"The surprising and effective acoustic arrangement of West's song demonstrated that Allen has some genuine interpretive skill, but the studio version here layers on a heavy-handed drum machine that sounds like Phil Collins's 'In the Air Tonight' and pulls focus from Allen's performance. It's just one of the miscalculations that makes Kris Allen yet another lackluster, characterless Idol debut."
Mojo,40,"The likability that helped Allen win last season is so carefully low-key here that it's nearly lost."
The Guardian,37,"Most of the material, though, tends toward a flavorless pop-rock sound that doesn't even do much to flatter Allen's appealingly rumpled vocals."

Entertainment Weekly,82,"Judging by the delivery of those poignant lines, it's hardly a stretch to imagine Bieber racking up more hits in the next decade to come."
AllMusic,70,"Members of the Clutch, Midi Mafia, ??Tricky? Stewart, Usher, and a handful of other notable producers and songwriters grant Bieber a set of songs that isn't quite top-level quality, but the singer more than gets by on his squeaky-clean charm and natural ability."
Rolling Stone,70,"Daughters don't have to be hidden away for the duration of One World: 'Down to Earth' and 'One Less Lonely Girl' are uncomplicatedly beautiful and earnest."
Slant Magazine,67,"Not surprisingly, My World is long on sugary puppy-love ballads and dinky dance-pop confections; diabetics are advised to stay away."
Pitchfork,60,"He's 65 inches of pure love panther, with sensitive-man bangs and a voice like Joey McIntyre getting savagely beaten by the AutoTune police."
Urb,40,"Bieber is indistinguishable from any of a thousand prefab pop aspirants with musical inadequacies that need glossing over in the studio."

Filter,83,"With more than half of this two-and-a-half-hour-plus bonanza composed of spirited versions of Beatles chestnuts, this blast of freshly minted nostalgia almost seems too pat."
Billboard.com,80,"The two CDs sound terrific, documenting how gracefully both McCartney and his music are aging. His voice is robust, his charm on full blast, and the epic set of Beatles, Wings, and solo material is deepening with meaning and sentiment."
AllMusic,80,"After a rocky couple of years, Good Evening New York City is proof that Paul McCartney's mojo appears full recharged. [Jan 2010, p. 116]"
The Guardian,70,"With an exceptionally well-preserved voice, Macca plows through Beatles and Wings hits, plus solo gems."
Q Magazine,60,"Apart from the inclusion of 'Mrs. Vanderbilt' and 'I'm Down,' there are no surprises, either in song selection or performance, but no surprises doesn't mean no satisfaction, and this is plenty entertaining."
Uncut,60,"It is pure nostalgia, and some of these songs are familiar to the point of tedium, but even a Beatles sceptic would find it hard to suppress a shudder of recognition on hearing these tunes sung by the man who wrote them."
musicOMH.com,60,"Great songs played well, but..."
PopMatters,59,"Where the music in Good Evening manages to mostly please without much compromise, the visual documentation of said music bends over backwards to make itself palatable to only the most fervent of fans."

Pitchfork,75,"Theres very little here that fans of Sumners prior work absolutely need to hear, but he and his mates appear to be having fun, and their spirit is pretty infectious."
Under The Radar,70,"Of course, new bands have lower expectations than established bands, and while virtually every listener will contrast Never Cry Another Tear with New Order's best work, it has the sweep and grandeur of the group's classic moments."
musicOMH.com,60,"Sumner still has a knack for making dopey lyrics sound profound atop guileless Brit-rock jangle and electronic moodiness."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"It's ultimately another product of New Order's comfortable middle age, in which the sound of their golden past gets dependably reproduced."
Q Magazine,60,"Such is the blessing/curse of surviving and thriving in the music business for over 30 years. When you strip all that away, though, Never Cry Another Tear is a promising debut from a new band thats still searching for an identity all its own."
Mojo,60,"The lightness of touch is a pleasant surprise, but not as pleasant as the sound of summery Sumner re-engaging. [Nov 2009, p.101]"
Dot Music,60,"Bernard Sumner delivers decent Enough Post-New order solo platter."
Drowned In Sound,60,"'Runaway' and 'Head Into Tomorrow' sound like the songs that Joy Division might have written if they'd hung out with Ewan MacColl. Good, but slightly disorienting. [Nov 2009, p. 81]"
Observer Music Monthly,50,"Unfortunately these familiar sounding highlight aren't enough to raise Bad Lieutenant above the level of any other New Order side-project and they in fact fall some way short of Sumner Electronic."
The Guardian,41,"This record meanders through a set of passable songs that ultimately decline to move or enthrall you."
Uncut,40,"Sumner's fans won't be disappointed, but it feels a bit like a stopgap. [Nov 2009, p.90]"

Slant Magazine,80,"Chikudate can reign uninterrupted, taking center stage to the sounds of humbled guitars, trickling bells, and the charm of her own lyrical whimsy."
Mojo,80,"Rewolf is as essential to Asobi Seksu's oeuvre as any of their preceding records. [Dec 2009, p.108]"
Q Magazine,64,"Though it's lightweight, Rewolf gives me a bit of hope that they'll push themselves outward a bit more next time."
Uncut,64,"By its very nature, the sonic range is reduced and the vocals sit tightly in the piano and acoustic guitar lines, as in 'Blind Little Rain,' where the vocal movement is as playful as it is devastating with Yuki's ghostly calling. [Holiday 2009, p. 92]"
Dusted Magazine,60,"If youre looking for the daring next step in Asobi Seksus sonic evolution, this is not it. Instead, Rewolf is nothing more ambitious than a very good album of acoustic renderings."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"It was made confidently, with no apparent intentions of it being some toss-off or fan-only disc. But by album's end, don't be surprised if you're reaching for 'Citrus' to dive back into their dream world."
Pitchfork,50,"Rewolf may be a rerecording, but it lacks another crucial 're' word--'revelation.' [Holiday 2009, p.78]"
Sputnikmusic,40,"Rewolf ends up being a failure in two ways. The first is that the songs aren't strong enough to withstand the acoustic treatment....The second major flaw, and the one that really kills the album, has to do with what the lack of volume and energy uncovers."

AllMusic,83,"It's a sleekly presented modern-rock album with no shortage of bruising guitars or catchy choruses."
Q Magazine,74,"The bands seventh full-length is meat-and-potatoes arena rock polished to a gleaming sheen (thanks to producer Mike Elizondo), wrapped around huge hooks and intercut by Foremans incisive, discontented lyrics, which almost always manage to translate sentiments rooted deeply in faith to universally relatable choruses."
The Guardian,70,"Hello Hurricane is by far the San Diego rockers' most natural, effortless outing to date."
Mojo,70,"An uplifting, hope-giving affirmation of resurgence from a band who might have been down at one point but were definitely never out. [Dec 2009, p.117]"
New Musical Express (NME),70,"More than a couple of the mid-tempo light rockers here lack teeth, some of them even lack gums. Weve heard Switchfoot as weepy soundtrack peddlers before, but Switchfoot the rock band, it turns out, is pretty darn good."

Entertainment Weekly,80,"In this 30-track collection marks Snow Patrol as a band backed with some serious songwriting heft."
The A.V. Club,70,"This is less a traditional retrospective of the bands oeuvre than it is an impassioned and varied argument for a wider reconsideration of that oeuvre."
Billboard.com,70,"Mid-career retrospective captures SPs inner conflicts."
AllMusic,60,"Up to Now may be somewhat overwhelming for casual listeners  it's quite extensive, with the traditional hits sprinkled throughout a double-disc track list--but there's no better destination for a fan looking to consolidate his collection."
PopMatters,60,"Hate them all you like, but Snow Patrol have some great songs and enough money now to forget all about the tripe theyre currently peddling at their massive group of new fans."
Q Magazine,60,"30 songs of soft-focus gorgeousness can make his comfy hideaway a bit claustrophobic."
Boston Globe,60,"Ultimately, the outlook remains lucuratively overcast. [Dec 2009, p.137]"
Los Angeles Times,51,"The biggest problem, though, isn't the outright clunkers; it's the sheer length of the thing. Snow Patrol's basic sweep isn't the type of thing that holds up over two hours, and after the 20th straight-faced lovelorn hymn, you'll start climbing the walls."
Spin,40,"This two-disc compilation charting the journey suggests it was simply a matter of waiting for Travis to falter, tweaking the Coldplay template and amping up the earnest Celtic bluster. [Dec 2009, p. 113]"

Dot Music,80,"Morrissey's non-album material has traditionally been impeccable, but Swords is not complete in terms of extra material from the past decade. Nevertheless, taken only as a somehwat arbitrary collection of songs, Swords still excels."
musicOMH.com,80,"It's almost worth it for the titles alone. [Dec 2009, p. 136]"
Observer Music Monthly,78,"It's obvious that great pains were taken with the sequencing--starting with the exuberant 'Good Looking Man About Town,' winding down with Morrissey's twist on Bowie's nostalgic 'Drive-In Saturday, ' and trailing off with the resigned ode 'Because of My Poor Education.' The artistry alone is worth the purchase.  [Holiday 2009, p.91]"
Rolling Stone,75,"Guilty as charged, then: Ill gladly let Moz, my all-too-human co-pilot, do my thinking for me."
The Guardian,75,"Yet as good as Morrisseys throwaways can be, they arent all good. Many of the tracks on Swords feel like one more drag through the usual obsessions with crime ('Ganglord'), bad education ('Children In Pieces'), and wilting virgins ('The Never-Played Symphonies'). But the standouts deserve to be rescued from obscurity."
Paste Magazine,72,"From the range of production styles to the bonus disc of live tracks, Swords is a welcome catalog addition"
Uncut,70,"Certainly on this album class is more straightforward."
Slant Magazine,70,"Uneasy expressions or not, Swords will slay if given the chance."
Prefix Magazine,60,"While a large proportion of these Swords are decidedly blunt blades, a few could have easily found a place on a greatest hits."
Dot Music,60,"The themes are familiar, yet still captivating, as rock's most misanthropic man sings about a world of emotional retardation and alienation. [Dec 2009, p.111]"
Los Angeles Times,50,"Nothing here is quite an embarrassment, but compared to his other albums of this nature, including the muddled World of Morrissey, there's a distinct lack of humor and hooks, or anything else memorable."
AllMusic,50,"You see, as Swords, mopping up of the stray B-sides and bonus tracks from the comeback years, suggests, Morrissey now has a dilemma: Following group glory, solo vindication, political notoriety, sullen exile, and dramatic revival, what on earth does he do for an encore?"
musicOMH.com,50,"Considering the quality of the singles drawn from 'You Are the Quarry,' 'Ringleader of the Tormentors,' and 'Years of Refusal,' it's an utter disappointment that Swords, the collection of B-sides from those singles, is so uneven."
Observer Music Monthly,50,"Most of what's here are, predictably, mid-tempo mopers, as opposed to the more agressive, distorted side that's driven some of his best work this decade. [Holiday 2009, p.80]"

Slant Magazine,85,"And as on 'Idol,' that aesthetic is most appealingly expressed here in the material that seems the least suited for it-i.e., mushy heartland rock ballads."
The Guardian,75,"In context, it all has a giddy sort of ''let's put on a show'' charm; ?on record, it's basically fancy (albeit fun) karaoke."
Q Magazine,70,"Not all Glee members are created equal--Cory Monteith (the show's hunky football captain) and Dianna Agron (the alternately caustic and vulnerable head cheerleader) can't sing nearly as well as their co-stars--but this soundtrack has enough star power to keep things trucking along, especially when powerhouse alto Lea Michele takes the wheel."
Paste Magazine,70,"No-one will be disappointed by a Glee album which includes 'Dont Stop Believin'--their chart-eating cover of the Petra Haden arrangement of the Journey song; or 'Alone,' or 'Gold Digger.' But its a shame there wasnt room for their Winehouse-approved upgrade of 'Rehab;' or the stripped-back swing at Bel Biv Devoes 'Poison,' as performed by the shows all-male vocal group Acafellas. These would probably have lifted the second half of the CD, which loses some of the sparkle and joy once the barn-storming 'Somebody to Love' has finished."
Mojo,60,"In fairness, not all the album's highlights require the listener to temporarily imagine that they're listening to a high-school choir....More often, though, if you're prepared to buy into the conceit, Glee: the Soundtrack almost lives up to its title."
AllMusic,50,"Star Matthew Morrison couldn't rap his way out of a 98 rehearsal. But Amber 'Mercedes' Riley crushes Jazmine Sullivan's 'Bust Your Windows,' and the Gleeks' 'Don't Stop Believin'' is a triumphal moment against which resistance is futile."
PopMatters,40,"In the end, theres nothing completely surprising or revolutionary about anything on the soundtrack."
Pitchfork,40,"Itll no doubt be lapped up by impressionable 14 year old girls the world over, but for a show that has so much more to offer this just smacks of studio exec. cash-in."

New Musical Express (NME),90,"Pretty much, Say Anything offers more for fans and opens up the Say Anything sound for new users to come and enjoy. Its the perfect balance of a step forward and a redaction to a more safe sound."
Uncut,80,"This is an impulsive album, an odd piece of work that manages to be puzzling without alienating the listener."
musicOMH.com,80,"On his third album, Bemis has crafted one of his strongest musical statements yet, outright mocking genre conventions one second before deliberately succumbing to them the next, showcasing large amounts of self-referential humor but never once stopping to point out just how clever he is and feeding into what could potentially be a Kanye-sized ego."
Drowned In Sound,80,"In the end, all of this makes Say Anything the most mature  as well as the catchiest--record in Say Anythings already impressive oeuvre."
Pitchfork,78,"The chaos is nothing new for Say Anything, but the band's newest release is tightly executed and gives fans a deeper look into Bemis' clever mind."
Prefix Magazine,70,"That's how much of of this album feels--confusing....Our advice? Stick to the disc's first half; it's where you'll find the best songs. [Nov 2009, p.114]"
Under The Radar,70,"The music doesn't always keep up with Bemis' self-absorbed lyrical jujitsu, but there's definite charm in the struggle."
AllMusic,67,"It's even better crafted than its sprawling, genre-hopping predecessor. Sadly, its also more obnoxiously solipsistic."
musicOMH.com,60,"There's sax and doo-wop here, but Bemis is at his best yelling stuff like 'I can't define myself through irony and self-deprecation!' over taut punk pop."

No Ripcord,90,"Though theres a paucity of joy to be found among proceedings, other aspects of You Are The One I Pick (even the titles a barbed double entendre!) actively compensate."
AllMusic,80,"There's something quietly but persistently unique about the duo's work that suggests its own realm, quirky and wry but not simply a showcase for lyrical wit, gently swinging and twangy without losing a sense of calm hush."
Alternative Press,80,"All in all, You Are the One I Pick is a compelling and enjoyable listen which, at 35 minutes in length, is smart not to overstay its welcome."
PopMatters,76,"Felixs uses the second-person address and the confusion it--as well as conventional instrumentation played in freer forms within more confined song structures--creates to produce an engaging, if harder to parse, take on something similar."
Pitchfork,71,"Virtually every track on You Are the One I Pick showcases Felix's remarkable instinct for knowing when to ramp up their instrumentation and when to hold back. Yet when an album is this carefully arranged, there are also moments when all the fingerprints on a given track become distracting."
The A.V. Club,20,"Built off of two piano chords or a single guitar riff, Felix'a music is as ho-hum as their vocals, and without diversity in the songs' chord structure, the album blurs together until what's left is a coffee-table coaster. [Dec 2009, p.113]"

Entertainment Weekly,80,"The Mary Onettes have mastered the art of writing catchy four-minute tunes without compromising themselves, but nor do they take any risks."
Tiny Mix Tapes,75,"Islands dreamy pop features a more general feeling of throwback moodiness. The shift bodes well for Philip Ekstrms longevity as a songwriter, and even though there are times when the nostalgic sound seems to be begging for hooks huge enough to make the band a household name (at least to kids dancing at indie nights a few decades from now), theres no denying that The Mary Onettes know their way around a dramatic pop song."
Mojo,70,"Islands bring the lyrical gravity of a lead weight to the band's gorgeous sonic palettte. [Holiday 2009, p.79]"
PopMatters,67,"Yes, the high points of the previous record are duplicated here-- but so too are the same problems that occasionally bogged down that record."
Pitchfork,60,"Islands is by no means a bad record. It's pleasant but it's unnecessary, and in an era of so many bands and so many releases, that's just not good enough."
Filter,60,"Whilst Islands displays nuggets of well executed nostalgia, one cant help but wonder if they have any style that isnt old, borrowed or depressingly blue."
AllMusic,60,"Catchy as it may be, Islands remains steadfast in the landscapes it portrays. The constraints of four-minute pop songs are defied with ease, weaving and stretching throughout said landscapes."
No Ripcord,60,"'Once I Was Pretty' and 'The Disappearance Of My Youth' only confirm they know their territory and stick to it. [Feb 2010, p.93]"
Rolling Stone,60,"But while their second album is lyrically all quiet desperation, boasting such giveaway titles as Once I Was Pretty and The Disappearance Of My Youth, musically it's an altogether more uplifting proposition of stately A-ha styled synth-pop. [Feb 2010, p. 112]"

Billboard.com,90,"Strict Joy is a joy from start to finish, as few bands manage to mix intimacy and sweeping songcraft with such finesse."
Austin Chronicle,88,"Producer Peter Katis (who has worked with The National and Interpol) ornaments the duos foundation--Hansards battered acoustic guitar, Irglovas piano, co-ed harmonies--with nuanced orchestration and a spacious mix that flatters the singers interplay."
The Boston Phoenix,82,"Strict Joy maintains the relatability and sincerity that made the soundtrack to 'Once' so compellin"
Uncut,80,"Heartache swells from these swooning folk-pop tunes, but the presence of both of the relationship's combatants ensures that they never drown in it."
Q Magazine,80,"The emotional tension between his folksier-Damien Rice brogue and her crystal-clear lilt, especially on 'The Verb,' keeps the listener enamoured, even if the singers no longer are. [Dec 2009, p.117]"
Dusted Magazine,75,"When Hansard and Irglova keep the arrangements simple, its easier to hear who they are."
AllMusic,75,"Occasionally, all that lamenting gets nap-inducing. Luckily, Hansard saves some rage for 'Feeling the Pull,' which suggests the best love songs come from those who don't believe in them anymore."
Dot Music,70,"On Strict Joy, the duo deliver with their most dynamic set yet, with hot Irish soul segueing into energetic folk rock and dream-pop-touched balladry."
Hot Press,70,"These songs arent breaking any new ground, but theyre well written and enjoyable, and the background makes them sort of fascinating, too."
Observer Music Monthly,65,"The tracks don't sound forced or awkward as they follow well-trod lyrical roads littered with wounded 'you's and 'I's, they sound honest, and an honest love song as always is hard to resist."
Uncut,60,"Strict Joy ultimately feels like a great breakup album without the aftermath of an actual breakup. [Fall 2009, p.60]"

musicOMH.com,60,"Rod could have stepped out more energetically on this album, but his gentlemanly approach still has its merits. Plus, its great to hear these songs again."
Q Magazine,58,"There's no doubting the love in that old heart of his, but Soulbook could've cut much deeper."
Mojo,50,"It's all pleasing enough, flowing better than the American Songbook albums, and not feeling as karaoke as the Rock album, but it's so comfortable, so easygoing, it verges on the forgettable."
Entertainment Weekly,50,"His new versions are respectful and careful, with his voice recorded in close-up. Compared to the originals, they are just about joyless."
The New York Times,40,"Alas, instead of a small, tight band and a focused, driven Rod the Mod, the project creaks with over-syrupy productions and seemingly phoned-in vocals."

The Boston Phoenix,90,"What's surprising about the best cuts from the 15-track set is how much heat the Police frontman and his varied collaborators create."
AllMusic,70,"Mostly, with its wintry hush and flurries of harmonies, the album evokes the title, a not unpleasant vision of contemplatively gazing out a window encrusted with frost in a thick Irish wool sweater drinking a steaming cup of cider."
Alternative Press,40,"While impeccably executed, as ever, a little more warmth and a little less ego wouldn't have gone amiss. [Dec 2009, p. 126]"
Rolling Stone,40,"It's more accessible than that lute album, but -barring the sole Sting composition, the lovely 'The Hounds Of Winter' - it will baffle all but the hardiest Police fan. [Jan 2010, p. 126]"
The A.V. Club,30,"It's a holiday album for people who have never wanted to hear a holiday album, let alone own one."
AllMusic,20,"Using top folk musicians means everything is expertly crafted, but Sting's Christmas pudding is over-egged."

PopMatters,80,"If there is a highlight on this surprisingly dog-free set it's Fight For This Love, where soaring melody piles upon soaring melody without sacrificing its subtle grace. [Dec 2009, p. 121]"
Billboard.com,70,"The Peoples Princess pleases with Her catchy generic pop"
Q Magazine,60,"To be fair to the songwriters behind this record, 'Make You Cry' is actually the worst thing here - when the sound abandon the '90s and either tries to sound like the '80s ('Heaven' is pure Stock, Aitken, and Waterman), or to be a bit more modern, the quality remains solid. But therein lies the one major flaw of 3 Words - it's simply not consistent enough in terms of sound."
Under The Radar,60,"Its most upbeat moments are its weakest: Will.I.Am and Cheryl lumbering on to the disco floor on Heaven, and the tinny electropop of Taio Cruz's contribution, Stand Up. Elsewhere the main sound on 3 Words is R&B, with any rhythmic trickery stripped out."
Mojo,40,"Over 11 tracks she fails to pull in a single noteworthy vocal, that's if you can even locate it beneath the waves of effects designed to disguise how very little is actually there."
Uncut,40,"Producer Will.I.Am's contributions are, for the most part, utterly bland and lacking in bite. The sanitised R'n'B of Heaven is embarrassing with a generic construction that feels as if he went to a superstore and it took it off the shelf."

musicOMH.com,91,"The debut from Britain's much-fussed-over Florence + the Machine finally hits the States, and Lungs proves they're worth the adoration."
AllMusic,91,"Florence Welch has a penchant for dramatics. But what would be a dubious distinction for most twentysomethings becomes an advantage when paired with Welch's otherworldly vocals and a trio of top-tier British producers who elevate her Mercury Prize-nominated debut album, Lungs, to something that manages to be grandiose, relatable, and incessantly catchy all at the same time."
Mojo,90,"Because those pipes are big enough to shake the rain from the trees and, with an eclectic balance of genres leaning heavily towards folk and soul, she's got enough support to make her seem powerful rather than overbearing."
Uncut,80,"Lungs showcases Florence's dramatic voice as an instrument that the other instruments follow, from the urgent, rhythmic drums on 'Drumming Song' to the fluid harp runs on 'Rabbit Heart (Raise It Up).'"
The A.V. Club,80,"As it is, they're more than quite good, and all the better for the tracks that surround them."
Rolling Stone,80,"It's a bold, inventive record that bristles with energy and passion."
Q Magazine,80,"Sometimes the rough edges have been over-smoothed: there are all kinds of strange, cheap synthesised noises buried under the layers of polish that I'd like to hear more clearly. But this is a minor gripe, for despite its dark heart, there's a real joy about this debut."
Billboard.com,80,"Lungs is one of the most exciting, compelling, fearless and ultimately promising debuts of the year."
NOW Magazine,80,"Freed from her irritating live persona, moments here justify the hype."
Los Angeles Times,80,"There's a lot going on, but Welch never confuses breadth with depth. [Aug 2009, p.98]"
The New York Times,80,"Lung's song peaks and valleys can occasionally be tiring. But when taken as an insight into the artist, it's nothing short of brillianrt. [Fall 2009, p.62]"
Rolling Stone,80,"While the comparisons were apt at the time, 'Kiss with a Fist' turned out to be a red herring in the wake of the release of Lungs, one of the most musically mature and emotionally mesmerizing albums of 2009."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"From the way she sings, in big gulps and Teen Wolf growls, to the mystical art-rock ballads she bedazzles with sleigh bells, harps, and choirs, there's enough drama here for a Broadway musical. But her delivery is so raw that every mess feels genuine."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Florence's music is particularly sensitive to studio gloss; her singing is a fine balance between elegance and frenzy."
Slant Magazine,75,"Even though damn near every third song sounds designed to sell overpriced sweaters at the Gap, the nectar at the heart of this album is worth the roughage you have to chew through to get there."
AllMusic,72,"Lungs is a cloud-headed introduction to Welch's world, where It Girl hype, coffins, violence, and ambition combust on impact; it's a platinum-shellacked demo reel drunk on its own hi-fi-ness."
The Guardian,70,"If Lungs fails to make as much impact as those other debuts, it may be because Welch puts a little too much emphasis on singer and not enough on songwriter."
Dot Music,70,"The best bits feel like being chased through a moonless night by a sexy moor witch."
musicOMH.com,60,"It may be breathtaking in places, but Flossie's Lungs are just a bit too full of bluster."
Mojo,60,"This is a brave, bold, inevitably flawed record from the kind of talent we should be esctastically happy to have around. [Aug 2009, p.92]"
Q Magazine,60,"Too often a limited voice and over-egged arrangements strain to little effect. [Aug 2009, p.94]"
Hot Press,60,"These songs probably sound otherworldly when played live, but the over-laden stylization actually fills Lungs with unnecessary fat."

Entertainment Weekly,80,"The sonic touches Hagg adds to her songs only makes them better. The combination of their gifts has resulted in something pretty special, possibly the best work either of them has done to date, and hopefully something that will continue."
AllMusic,80,"Love Is Not Pop is many things; a comeback of sorts, a refreshing hybrid of exquisite production and emotional intimacy--but most immediately, it stands as an essential mood piece for these crisp air days, light fading early into dark."
Dot Music,80,"This is pop with a light touch and a tremendously heavy heart; it only qualifies as easy listening if you can distance yourself from Assbring's expressive singing."
The Guardian,78,"El Perro's brand of pop is certainly easy to love, and a cozy sort of organic warmth--characterized by thick, resonant drums and keys, and treated guitars that seem to lurch and lumber with the slightly irregular rhythms of real life--pervades the new record."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),64,"When these songs sound like El Perro del Mar fronting the saddest, slowest disco band in the world, they work out best, but too much of this mini-album doesnt quite get there."
Billboard.com,63,"At heart, the Sea Dog remains a sad-eyed lady of the lowlands."
Mojo,60,"Despite its fragility, there's a sense of uncompromising humanity at work here-- worthy of repeat listens. [Fall 2009, p.58]"

Prefix Magazine,80,"Reservoir is a neat, considered, and polished piece of work that is unrelenting in its charm."
Filter,80,"London-based collective Fanfarlos debut is a carefully orchestrated treat."
The A.V. Club,80,"The air of melancholy on display throughout is as enticing as Beirut's. Impressive. [Nov 2009, p.94]"
AllMusic,70,"Fanfarlo are similar fare, and thats a perfectly fine thing to be. The band make pretty, guitar and organ-led indie, with discreet swirls, parps, and trills of brass and strings."
The New York Times,70,"Reservoir is as fine a debut as you might hear all year, but while the bands sheer happiness to be playing music is unutterably apparent and serves it well, where can it go from here?"
Boston Globe,60,"The album runs out of steam toward the end, but the first few tracks are gold. [Nov 2009, p.109]"
Slant Magazine,60,"'Good Morning Midnight,' a piece which, unlike the rest of the album, leaves you hankering for more. [Fall 2009, p.62]"
Rolling Stone,60,"At times, this means overloading slight ideas, but when they get it right, as on the glorious 'Finish Line,' the results are irresitible. [Nov 2009, p.104]"

Under The Radar,80,"Michael Buble is a master at juggling musical attitudes, and his new CD, Crazy Love, whose title comes from the Van Morrison song, is his most confident balancing act yet."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Easily the singer's most stylistically wide-ranging album, it is also one of his brightest, poppiest, and most fun."
PopMatters,79,"Crazy Love is another step in Buble's creation of his own kind of songbook, and there's nothing necessarily crazy about that"
PopMatters,75,"The neoRat Pack crooner makes a few too many soft-rock concessions on his new studio disc, Crazy Love."
Billboard.com,70,"What does it mean when a crooner of the Great American Songbook is at his best on original tunes?"
AllMusic,50,"The album's polished, middle-of-the-road approach isn't exactly for everyone, but its agreeable heart doesn't hit any sour notes, either."

Sputnikmusic,100,"It's hard to imagine their music getting much better. But it's not hard to imagine their lives getting much better. Which may be all their music needs."
Q Magazine,100,"The xx have made a debut that sounds utterly flawless; it's the kind of album that bands take years to create."
Rolling Stone,100,"The result is sexy like early Portishead and thoughtful like Young Marble Giants--a perfectly formed debut with a genuinely new sound way beyond the sum of identifiable forebears."
Slant Magazine,90,"It's a perfectly executed ending for an album whose understated pleasures will surely amount to one of the year's most treasured releases."
Uncut,90,"The xx recorded not only the year's best debut but also one of its best albums, period."
Prefix Magazine,90,"It's here and it's almost perfect."
Urb,90,"For a debut album it's brilliantly realised and contains not an inch of flab across its 11 songs. Debut album of the year? It's beyond doubt."
The A.V. Club,90,"xx is a fantastically innovative album, and this band is exploring new territory."
Mojo,89,"Spare, swirling keyboards and gently urgent guitar pluckings anchor this minimalist masterpiece, allowing Romy Madley Croft's plaintive, laudanumlike vocals to tentatively soar above the albumwide ache that is her and Oliver Sim's (e)vocation."
Uncut,87,"It is so fully formed and thoughtful that it feels like three or four lesser, noisier records should have preceded it. The xx didn't need a gestation period, though xx is nuanced, quiet, and surprising enough that you might."
Spin,86,"The album's explication of its own interest in contrast and conversation is perhaps its greatest virtue."
Under The Radar,82,"The XX is for lovers and non-lovers alike, though even its surefire appeal I wouldn't call this a pop album. I would deem it sensual, musical in-out."
The Guardian,80,"The finished result occupies land between Young Marble Giants' 'Colossal Youth' and Tricky's 'Maxinquaye': not the equal of either of those landmark albums, maybe, but certainly cut from the same cloth. [Sep 2009, p.89]"
Dusted Magazine,80,"Above all though, xx is a thoroughly cohesive, moving and accessible album."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"While the band's subtlety and consistency threaten to work against them at times, XX is still a remarkable debut that rewards repeated listens and leaves listeners wanting more."
musicOMH.com,80,"As overwrought as the lyrics are, the songs have an attractive, dreamy, atmospheric quality that helps the London band avoid embarrassing teen melancholy. It's also surprisingly hypnotic."
Urb,80,"It's strange that such a traditional set-up (drums, bass, keys, guitars, voices) has resulted in one of 2009's most unique debuts."
Mojo,80,"There is a lightness of touch at play that gives the XX a sophistication beyond their years. It probably means that their dream pop will become the ubiquitous dinner party album du jour."
The Guardian,80,"It's difficult to imagine 'xx' having quite the seismic impact of that opus [Arcade Fire's debut], but the album will win many friends for its beautifully haunting, understated charms."
Q Magazine,80,"What happens when you cross Mazzy Star with Sleater Kinney? These boy/girl newcomers have the answer."
PopMatters,80,"The results make for a chilling and captivating experience, with the unexpected musical flourishes in stop-start songs. [Sep 2009, p.104]"
New Musical Express (NME),70,"It's a gorgeous and dreamy feeling, and one that's easy to spend a lot of time in."
Pitchfork,70,"In fairness to the XX, that song was one of Aaliyah's most languorous, its eroticism delivered in small, subtle kicks, but that does little to soften the airlessness of the XX's version. And it's that same fundamental reluctance to engage that suffocates this group's self-titled debut album, which has become a favorite of bloggers and the British."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"As it is, with all their knobs set to downbeat, there's something restrained and knowing here that will trouble some newcomers. Still, there's very little on 'xx' to suggest this band will end up on the compost heap."
Billboard.com,50,"Their quest for a catchy chorus is often derailed by a love of hazy atmospherics, creating a soundtrack suited for little more than late-night navelgazing. [Fall 2009, p.72]"

AllMusic,70,"While Tokio Hotel may not have matured enough to hang with the big boys yet, they are most certainly the dark horses pacing up and down the Disney fringe."
Slant Magazine,70,"Humanoid is no less appealingly shiny than its 2007 stateside debut, 'Scream.' But with the exception of the song 'Automatic,' an instantly catchy chunk of bubble-grunge perfection, it does have fewer killer melodies, which allows more of your brain to focus on Kaulitz's lyrics."
AllMusic,50,"This music doesn't particularly sound like it was created by human beings, but it's no doubt close enough for their many fans."
Rock Sound,40,"With the exception of 'Hey You' and 'World Behind My Wall,' the album is melodically anemic and strangely low-key. Subtle is not a mode that suits Kaulitz."

Billboard.com,80,"On This Is Us, the group sounds great for their age, and they sound like they're at their peak."
The Boston Phoenix,75,"The new disc does mark the band's return after a decade to its old teen-pop sound, and considering these guys' combined age, the result is surprisingly unembarrassing."
Spin,62,"Years removed from their teen-pop prominence, Backstreet Boys continue to produce pleasurable hooks and hummable vocal harmonies on This Is Us."
Alternative Press,50,"A competent but very late-adopted pop-trance slurry."
Rolling Stone,30,"Most of the songs are just complete misfires."

NOW Magazine,90,"The production is thick but elegant, applied with full knowledge that the songs could exist beautifully in a sparse acoustic-strummed daze, but that they deserve more than that."
Billboard.com,83,"Carlile's third album, a polished collection of confessional rockers and twangy love songs, should help keep her momentum going. [16 Oct 2009, p.59]"
AllMusic,80,"Carlile still prefers sobriety to levity but it never feels affected; it's music that gets under your skin and cuts to the bone."
Entertainment Weekly,75,"Give Up the Ghost is another rich offering from this distinctive female talent."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Give Up the Ghost is evidence that not only is she one of the best singers in modern folk-rock music, but that she can write a potent set of songs every time out."
Hot Press,70,"It's her dynamic performances and some inspired collaborators who understand her strengths--in addition to Rubin, Elton John livens up 'Caroline' with some rollicking, ragtime-y piano licks--that make Carlile's Ghost a worthwhile effort."

Uncut,90,"Enemies of electronica will find the Osso album more accessible and entertaining than the Stevens original. Furthermore, Ossos titular connection with the American Dream/nightmare may ironically have more in common with Stevens most recent conceptual project the BQE than the BQE has with his own Enjoy Your Rabbit."
Mojo,80,"Ultimately theres a lot of beauty to behold on Run Rabbit Run."
AllMusic,80,"Run Rabbit Run's ample highlights not only illustrate Osso's mastery of their string instruments but emphasize Stevens's incredible talent as a songwriter and arranger."
PopMatters,77,"It's hard to know what Sufjan fanatics, who have been waiting four years now for a proper full-length follow-up to Illinois, will make of this one-off, but Run Rabbit Run serves as a welcome reminder that his curious, try-anything spirit is part of what got our attention in the first place."
The Boston Phoenix,76,"Commissioned by Stevens and featuring the arrangements of six composers, Run Rabbit Run re-imagines the conceptual song cycle as a remarkably pliable and surprisingly tangible avant-garde composition, its crackling glitches and imposing synthesizers translated into gorgeous sweeping trills, scratchy bow scrapes and sweetly sighing refrains."
Pitchfork,70,"The resulting Run Rabbit Run dutifully re-creates its creator's hypnotic, quirky, and oddly sweet song cycle, and peppers it with enough dissonant bow slides and odd harmonics to please the avant-garde crowd while keeping the twee melodies intact for the casual indie pop fan."
Observer Music Monthly,58,"Its a lot of talent (among the arrangers gathered is Philip Glass protg Nico Muhly), and a little novelty--par for the course when it comes to Stevens."

The Guardian,80,"It remains to be seen if Music Go Music can succeed in a world where platinum selling artists align themselves with paganism and performance art; perhaps they are just too relentlessly chipper. However, it would be a crying shame if people didnt let Expressions light the dark corners of their heart at least once."
Dot Music,80,"The forensic approach to recreating the airbrushed sounds of '70s AM pop ahs paid off--there's not a single weak track on this addictive, exceptionally polished LP. [Apr 2010, p.98]"
Q Magazine,80,"It's the contrast between lo-fi production and brilliant musicanship that makes Expressions special. [Apr 2010, p.116]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"It's knowingly derivative in parts, sure, but writing tracks that sound like pop standards isn't easy."
Rolling Stone,80,"Bells vocals are mountain-fresh like Frida and Agnethas and the songs theyve written are walloping feel-good anthems with the sort of cacophonous choruses that would knock Mika and The Feeling into the middle of next week."
Prefix Magazine,72,"Admittedly, if you own MGM's three 12's, then there is nothing new for you here. And sure, there is something about Expressions that feels akin to listening to karoke--but with a voice like Meredith Metcalf's singing the sort of addicting, tangy melodies that her briny soprano was made for, even karaoke can be thrilling."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"The result is a solid debut that immediately screams Abba, disco and guilty pleasure for the pre-ironic high school kids who dont realize they can play football and still get crazy on the dance floor to their parents wedding soundtrack."
musicOMH.com,70,"As much as you might want to hate Expressions for all its over-the-top posturing and fantastical fetishizing of both karaoke culture and Me Decade pomposity, you will love the beautiful noise Music Go Music bring to the table if you are feeling nostalgic for the days of butterfly collars, wood paneling, and Danny Terrio."
AllMusic,70,"Music Go Music has created the perfect pop song, played nine times over. Now bring on album number two."
Slant Magazine,60,"Whether its your thing or not, Music Go Musics blissed-out pop is, at the very least, well crafted."
Pitchfork,60,"Theyve taken finest pop moments of the 70s and laid them out with all the retro flair of a fondue set."

Spin,90,"The Liberty Of Norton Folgate may just be the best thing they have ever recorded."
musicOMH.com,90,"The true testament to the value of that craft is that The Liberty of Norton Folgate is as rich and rewarding in its deluxe double-disc incarnation as it is in its simpler, single-disc set, something that speaks volumes to the extent of the band's unexpected revitalization here."
Observer Music Monthly,90,"Older, wiser and with nothing to lose other than hair, Madness has gone and released an album thats virtually flawless."
Q Magazine,80,"Nutty Boys regain former glories in full."
PopMatters,80,"Still totally themselves, Madness have made the album of their career. [Jun 2009, p.100]"
AllMusic,80,"The Liberty Of Norton Folgate--a title which makes sense in context but is otherwise unlikely to be jamming up the ringtone sites--is Madness in both their pomp and their prime."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"It all looks backward unabashedly--fitting for a band formed 30-plus years ago--but no less resonant."
Billboard,60,"The songs are wordy and disappointingly light on the knock 'em dead catchiness that was once their forte, but what The Liberty of Norton Folgate lacks in hit singles it makes up for in glorious ska/reggae arrangements and Suggs's perpetual chirpiness."
The New York Times,60,"Nutty Boys no more, Madness may be big men but, judging by this, not entirely out of shape. [Jun 2009, p.131]"
Los Angeles Times,60,"An infectious love for their hometown and a sound that brings in soul, pop ballads, polka, Jamaica and Steely Dan makes this Wikipedia workout actually feel inclusive."
PopMatters,50,"Musically, Madness still trade in pub singalongs powered by ska rhythms and music-hall jollity--but the jollity feels forced, and Suggs tired vocals suggest a man going through the motions."

Hot Press,90,"Remarkably, with this astounding debut, an unassuming 21-year-old from SW2 has revitalised a forgotten form to make one of the finest forward-thinking British pop albums of recent memory."
Observer Music Monthly,88,"The result is as baleful and forlorn as most dance pop is swishy and effervescent."
The Guardian,80,"Strangely moving robo-pop from hyped duo."
Uncut,80,"So far 2009 belongs to La Roux, the rest are just playing catch-up."
musicOMH.com,80,"There's an intriguing synthetic wheeze lurking in the upper reaches of Jackson's vocal range. Those who feared this effect might pall over a whole album will find solace in the unexpected emotional intensity of her lower register."
Entertainment Weekly,80,"The influences may be retro, but La Roux use them as the starting point for something fresh. [Jul 2009, p.114]"
The New York Times,80,"Along with co-writer and fellow synth dude Ben Langmaid, she's ruling U.K. radio with splashy dance hits about sex and betrayal."
Billboard,80,"La Roux's dedication to their aesthetic makes this an album where the songs are variations on a theme, and on the rare occasion where the songwriting isn't razor-sharp, the style threatens to overtake the substance. However, that devotion also makes La Roux a standout, not just among the many other '80s revivalists, but the entire late-2000s pop landscape."
Slant Magazine,80,"La Rouxs selft-titled debut doesnt disappoint, pulling obvious influences from the Human League and Depeche Mode."
The Guardian,70,"There is more than enough pop fuel here to maintain La Roux's unlikely momentum for a while."
AllMusic,70,"It's a promising sign La Roux might actually develop some range as this pilfer-pop duo continues to mature."
Dot Music,60,"At the end of the day, this is just good pop music."
Rolling Stone,60,"There are plenty of songs here that sound like hits--not least 'Fascination,' on which Jackson's fragile voice floats affectingly over the bleeping electronics before another ridiculously catchy chorus erupts."
Los Angeles Times,60,"This is adequate debut, but La Roux will need to move beyond brittle pastiche if they hope to reinvent such overfamiliar ingredients. [Jul 2009, p.91]"
Boston Globe,60,"Things dip slightly in the middle when Jackson's reedy vocals are exposed against a mid-tempo backing, but it's a minor quibble. [Jul 2009, p.98]"
Paste Magazine,30,"Between the shrill, semi-anonymous voice of Elly Jackson, and Ben Langmaid's clunky paint-by-numbers beats, La Roux's eponymous debut already feels dated. [Fall 2009, p.74]"

Entertainment Weekly,80,"The album reminds you that those budding superstars cant beat Carey at her own game."
Boston Globe,80,"Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel is a sprawling, 17-track epic with few obvious singles--but it is loaded with creativity."
AllMusic,75,"It's puzzling to hear one of music's most powerful voices continually corralled into a feathery R&B midrange; imperfections are nowhere to be found on Memoirs, but neither are many true revelations."
Slant Magazine,71,"Overall, Carey's throwback vibe on Memoirs is refreshing and much welcomed."
Mojo,70,"The album was composed by R&B's best songwriters of the late 2000s, Terius Nash (The-Dream) and Christopher Stewart (Tricky); they give each song the intelligent mid-tempo bump-and-grind they've made into a specialty."
PopMatters,70,"The result is Carey's most sonically and tonally coherent release, a mix of love ballads ('Inseparable') and sassy breakup anthems ('Standing O') that might have been her best album had it been several songs shorter."
NOW Magazine,70,"A return to core principles, which has produced a handful of pretty love songs and a solid overall, Memoirs Of An Imperfect Angel certainly isn't the disaster we were promised, but then nor is it a triumph."
Q Magazine,67,"Memoirs is Careys least pyrotechnic album, its flow is as important as its tunes, and while Carey is still given to acrobatic vocal displays, her lattice of subtler vocal overdubs softens and strengthens those flights."
Under The Radar,63,"Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel will stand out in Carey's catalog as an experiment that illuminates her place in the pantheon without either boosting it or damaging it."
Uncut,60,"Mariah is in fine voice throughout the album, and there are plenty of inspired moments to be found....Which makes it all the more disappointing that the album's final stretch devolves into a mess of old-school Mariah rehashes that should have been left in the past."
PopMatters,50,"That nuance is mostly gone on Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel, Ms. Careys 12th studio album, which manages simplicity and clutter all at once."
Los Angeles Times,50,"The album itself reveals shes also got a penchant for exhuming the sickly-sweet memory of Minnie Ripertons Loving You and setting it to 17 different slow jamz drenched in studio gloss."
AllMusic,50,"Though it's commendable to stick with one set of producers to give a sense of cohesion, Memoirs could have done with some variation."

Entertainment Weekly,90,"The overall effect is that this is one of the Streisand albums most appealing to her fans and her potential fans--which includes nearly everyone who appreciates a singer singing like she's lived every line of her songs."
Billboard.com,83,"Not exactly galvanizing stuff, but the woman still sings like buttah."
Rolling Stone,80,"Streisand gives her trademark romantic-ballad treatment to 13 well-known standards."
PopMatters,80,"At 67, Streisands gorgeous tones and powers of interpretation are utterly intact, and also front-and-center thanks to producer Diana Kralls class-conscious pairing of her own understated quartet with Johnny Mandels velvety orchestrations."
Sputnikmusic,80,"In truth, despite Diana Krall as producre and accompanist, this is hardly jazz. Instead, it's another nigh faultless array of ballads, immaculately dressed by arranger Johnny Mandel (a deluxe edition has backings by Krall's quartet.0 [Dec 2009, p. 92]"
Boston Globe,60,"Nevertheless, the album is really a reprofiled Streisand set for her fans, rather than an unexpected diversion for jazz ones."

PopMatters,100,"Superfans may well die happy with this much concentrated Madge-estry: 36 tracks covering nearly every phase of her 25-year career. It all holds up surprisingly well."
AllMusic,90,"The collection does a fine job of living up to the title--it's certainly a celebration of Madonna's career and includes some of the most celebratory and thrilling pop music ever created."
Billboard,80,"It's a dizzying, nonchronological spin through the Madonna years, years it makes you feel lucky to be living through."
AllMusic,80,"Okay, so the legitimacy of the song selection can, in this Cuisinart iteration, only be appraised on a case-by-case basis. How do the songs sound? And are the mixes definitive? Great and mostly, respectively."
Entertainment Weekly,57,"There's a lot of remarkable music on Celebration--the work of an artist who's spent a quarter-century in a passionate body-lock with the question of what exactly makes pop music popular. She deserves a retrospective more interesting than this haphazard piece of contract-filling product."

Billboard,80,"While they have been slowly inching in the direction of a purer pop record post-'Simple Things,' Binns and Hardaker seem to have finally found their stride."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Besides a couple of limp late-album tag-ons, it appears that, for once, the kings of chill-out have gotten downright animated. [Fall 2009, p.96]"
PopMatters,64,"The music on Yeah Ghost is still Zero 7-but after a few cans of musical Red Bull."
Rolling Stone,60,"Though Zero 7 are still not in the same class as Air (or even Phoenix), Yeah Ghost is an enjoyable record that shows them apparently on the way to something more unique."
Billboard,60,"Anglo-Zimbabwean singer Eska Mtungwazi, in particular, lights up her tracks with vibrant performances that eclipse everything else here."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"While 'Pop Art Blue' strays a little close to coffee table pop, it's an absorbing jouney. [Oct 2009, p.119]"
The New York Times,60,"Album four sees tracks pushing more into more arcane territory, but otherwise we see Zero 7 putting a subtle electronic spin on Elton John, Syreeta, Pentangle and Nick Drake. [Oct 2009, p.123]"
Los Angeles Times,50,"Here's hoping that the pleasant-at-best Yeah Ghost is but a wispy, passing apparition, and not a haunting omen for similarly ineffective work in the future."
AllMusic,50,"Fans coming to this expecting a Zero 7 album will likely find it thoroughly disorienting and/or frustrating, which is the opposite effect their first three albums produced."
Rolling Stone,40,"Okay, it's not really very good at all."
Boston Globe,30,"Yeah Ghost is simply too experimental. [Fall 2009, p.74]"

Hartford Courant,80,"Ian Brown just keeps on getting better. As it stands, his way seems like the only way to go."
Sputnikmusic,80,"With his sixth release, Brown has become the UKs most consistently entertaining and often innovative solo artist."
Slant Magazine,80,"Focused and fighting fit, My way is proof that at 46 Ian brown is nevertheless prepared to go all 15 rounds. [Nov 2009, p.108]"
AllMusic,80,"His exhilarating meld of hip hop beats and mesmeric grooves proves that should he reform his old band, it's not because he needs to. [Nov 2009, p.95]"
Billboard,70,"Minor gripes aside, My Way is far better than anyone could have expected from a singer whose reputation is still judged by his musical contribution from 20 years ago."
Drowned In Sound,70,"This is a surprisingly engaging record that highlights Ian Brown as an underrated songwriter and arranger, and underscores the point that while his enthusiasm for creativity is as infectious as ever, Spike Island and its ilk are unlikely to be revisited in the forseeable future."
PopMatters,60,"All shuffling beats and pub wisdom, it's same again for Brown's latest."
Uncut,60,"As with the rest of My Way, highlights and lowlights alike, you listen to it struggling to think of anyone else who would do this. And perhaps that's the secret of the most mysterious continuing success story in rock."
The A.V. Club,60,"Ian Brown follows an idiosyncratic path in keeping with My Ways title--mixing up the kind of heavily synthesised rhythms learned from Jamaican dancehall with a curious cover of Zager And Evans dystopian folk oddity 'In The Year 2525,' some insidious grooves and, on closer 'So High,' a somewhat wayward stab at soul."
musicOMH.com,50,"For all its lofty goals and risky production decisions, the album runs out of steam with such sudden regression that it becomes impossible to advocate Brown's 'way.'"

Observer Music Monthly,80,"It is the sound of an introverted man reaching out to the workd and speaking uits language. [Oct 2009, p.102]"
The Guardian,80,"A lovely collection of blue-eyed soul that sets out its stall right from 'Take A Chance's' opening parry. [Nov 2009, p.104]"
Under The Radar,80,"With the aid of some of the finest session musicians in Chicago, Hayes concocts a creamy rock'n'soul fantasy that answers the question: what if Jimmy Webb had teamed up with Thom Bell to write for Marc Bolan? [Oct 2009, p.98]"
Hot Press,80,"Here Hayes gives every instrument space to breathe, while creating a beautiful group sound that moves with all the lithe grace of 70s soul sides."
Drowned In Sound,60,"For all that his songs brim with melodic invention, in the end style trumps content."
Uncut,55,"He doesn't exactly break free on Bright Penny, but typical of Hayes, it's not for lack of trying."

New Musical Express (NME),80,"Faith takes every single ounce of her experiences and infuses them into her music. It results in one hell of a theatrical roller-coaster ride that holds attention from beginning to end."
Mojo,60,"The overall mood of the album feels a bit broken and battered, but comes off too polished to let that feeling drive home."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"What sets her apart is a nasal, high-pitched quality to her voice, which puts a fresh spin on what is otherwise a familiar format by now. [Nov 2009, p.104]"
Uncut,40,"Her protestations of otherness ring hollow when her music is so specious and bland."
Billboard.com,40,"Her voice is a capable blend of vibrato and latterday R&B melisma, but also suggests a diffusion-range Amy Winehouse - something exacerbated as processed show-tune verses often leap into artless pop choruses. [Dec 2009, p. 96]"
Dot Music,30,"This time the Mickie Most-omatic (phasers set to Winehouse) has dredged up someone so inauthentic she makes Duffy look like Johnny Cash."

Observer Music Monthly,100,"It's a Technicolor pop explosion designed for throwing your jazz hands into the air."
The Guardian,91,"Mika has slapped together a pop-music patchwork capable of appealing to anyone whos ever liked a song on the radio."
PopMatters,88,"On The Boy Who Knew Too Much, this Beirut-born singer comes back strong with another set of over-the-top anthems that proves no one's more entitled to inherit Freddie Mercury's glam-god crown."
Drowned In Sound,80,"Anyone who liked 'Life in Cartoon Motion's' bright, brash approach won't be disappointed by The Boy Who Knew Too Much--it's clear Mika knows exactly what he's doing."
Q Magazine,80,"Halfway into The Boy Who Knew Too Much, Mika is batting six for six into his technicolor outfield. By track 13, the last track, I want to congratulate Mika on exceeding the pop-tastic qualities of his debut."
Mojo,80,"This is as bold, daring and vibrant an album as we'll hear this year. [Oct 2009, p.106]"
Pitchfork,80,"If you prefer your pop preternaturally gleeful, Mika is your man. The Boy Who Knew Too Much, his second kaleidoscopic pile-up, is chock-full of bright, brash anthems."
cokemachineglow,75,"On The Boy Who Knew Too Much, British piano-popper Mika tackles the popular songwriters' gristle of teen angst but filters it through a cracked technicolor symphony of show-tune harmonies, careening falsettos and deliciously manic productions."
No Ripcord,70,"Nixing the sappy bits that dampened his debut, he rewrites the hooks from your parents' favorite Bon Jovi/Belinda Carlisle hits into earnest proclamations of teenage eccentricity, then waves his jazz hands in naysayers' faces."
PopMatters,70,"Deeper and darker takes longer to charm, which is bad for singles, but should see the album's shelf life extend to long after Mika's novelty has worn off."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Like its predecessor, The Boy Who Knew Too Much is an eclectic work, lurching between exuberant pop, vaudevillian knees-ups, disco and sombre ballads. Mika would probably describe the album as 'kaleidoscopic', but it can come across as scattershot and unfocused."
Los Angeles Times,60,"His serious moments are as hard to comprehend as a Chuckle Brother tackling a eulogy: you know he must feel emotion because he is a human being, but you are constantly expecting the arrival, stage right, of a pantomime cow."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"Mika's faith in the campy excess of Freddie Mercury/Elton John-style pomp pop is bracing. But over the course of an album, the shtick's charm erodes."
AllMusic,60,"At the core of these songs are gleaming melodies that rarely fail to hit the mark, which is why even the single 'We Are Golden' is tolerable despite the best efforts of a gang of horribly exuberant kiddie backing singers."
Rolling Stone,52,"By the time the pop-induced sugar rush wears off you realize that, besides being done before, these songs have definitely been done better. Worse yet, all you've got to show for it is a headache."
Dot Music,40,"But none of it recaptures the sheer commercial inevitability of his debut. [Nov 2009, p. 96]"
Boston Globe,30,"Too much of Boy is the bad kind of theatrical, less an album than an aural assault."
Billboard,30,"'Cartoon Motion' was a nice moment for Mika, but this second album does not improve or advance what he did before. In fact, he seems to have regressed through his venture into childhood on The Boy Who Knew Too Much."

Slant Magazine,80,"David Gray might not fit most people's definitions of a revolutionary artist, but he's effected his own startling transformation here."
No Ripcord,75,"On his eighth studio album, Gray reclaims and reinvigorates his territory with Draw the Line, a polished yet ragged collection of complex love and exasperation melodies."
PopMatters,60,"Draw the Line is essentially another cog in the folksy wheel he's been spinning since 'New Day at Midnight.'"
Urb,60,"The end result is a pleasing, intimate experience by no means out of context with the rest of Gray's catalogue."
musicOMH.com,60,"Although looser, Draw the Line doesn't reinvent the Gray wheel."
Spin,60,"The knock on Gray has always been that he's a bit boring, and Line, despite some genuinely nice moments and affecting vocal turns, isn't likely to change anyone's mind on that point."
AllMusic,60,"Draw the Line makes rather beguiling listening as the nights begin to draw in."
PopMatters,60,"Exuding vague disquiet rather than outright despair, the self-produced DRaw The Line freshens up the formula just enough to keep things interesting. [Oct 2009, p.108]"
Rolling Stone,53,"British singer/songwriter David Gray last released a proper studio album in 2005. It was called 'Life in Slow Motion,' and it was lovely. It was also a complete waste of that title, which could be far more accurately applied to his syrupy new LP Draw the Line."
NOW Magazine,40,"It's all tawdrily familiar. [Oct 2009, p.102]"

New Musical Express (NME),80,"kee is simply a fantastic listen that showcases Wainwright as both a showman and a deeply creative songwriter with a superb knack for live performance."
Q Magazine,80,"He may be an acquired taste--with a salacious grandiosity thats bound to be divisive among music fans--but as Milwaukee at Last!!! proudly displays, Rufus Wainwright is one of pop musics most rewarding and indelible voices for those who give him the time and chance to let his charms enchant you."
Drowned In Sound,72,"Milwaukee at Last!!! only seems broader than it is: Almost every track, it turns out, is from Release the Stars, and the audience doesn't seem to mind."
Pitchfork,70,"As a bite-size CV of the last five years of his career, its pretty good."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"The rather prissy album versions are given room to breathe and take on a rather more energetic cabaret feel. [Nov 2009, p.109]"
AllMusic,40,"Overall, there's nothing much here for even Wainwright obsessives to get excited about. Buy it as a companion for the far superior DVD, or if you're desperate for a souvenir of the Release The Stars tour. Otherwise, this is strictly for completists only."

Boston Globe,80,"Higher Than The Stars is a fitting way to end 2009 for one of the most exciting bands to emerge this year, and more importantly, hints that The Pains Of Being Pure At Heart may be capable of even greater things in 2010."
Hartford Courant,80,"It helps to show Pains not as period fetishists, but instead a group of indie-pop aesthetes who seem to be able to operate comfortably within several different subdivisions of the genre."
Rolling Stone,75,"These four new songs are impeccably recorded, and frontman Kip Berman's voice sounds so intimate and close it's as if he's whispering a secret into your ear."
Slant Magazine,70,"The title track is a sweet, decidely New Romantic slice of synth-pop, with a beautiful bridge that will have crowds shouting 'in the back of my mother's car.' [Fall 2009, p.73]"
The A.V. Club,60,"This EP marks a vital point in POBPAH's artistic development, a chance to see that they aren't willing to just sit back and repeat themselves. It's a pretty good listen, too."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"The Pains are unquestionably good at what they do. It's just that the dreamy Scandopop thing is rife, and this band don't really bring anything new to the table."
musicOMH.com,50,"What I am saying is that the songs on this EP already feel old, excavated from the self-titled record and surgically removed from the romanticized 80s."

Mojo,70,"The resulting tunes are lush, but few are truly dense, and White Water's biggest asset is its ability to wield such a large sound without replacing the woodsy, cozy feel of Church's solo performances."
Pitchfork,70,"Sea Wolf's second effort, now realized by a more traditional band lineup brought together during a few years of touring behind his previous record, extends the reach of Church's pastoral folk sketches."
Dusted Magazine,70,"If youre up for stepping into an alternate, folk-rock inspired universe, Sea Wolf is deserving of an ear. White Water, White Bloom is an amazing step for Sea Wolf, ranking near if not at the top of Alex Churchs musical accomplishments."
Q Magazine,50,"I can't deny Church is a solid craftsman capable of cranking out extremely inviting pop-rock hooks, but this ground is so well-trod that it's hard to find anything to get even a little bit excited about here unless you're relatively new to indie-rock patronage."

New Musical Express (NME),100,"With only three official albums to its name, Big Star doesnt seem like a natural for the box-set treatment, but Keep An Eye On The Sky has plenty to offer both neophytes and longtime fans, dropping demos, alternate mixes, and selections from Bell and Chiltons pre-Big Star work alongside album tracks and the two stunning sides of the only solo work Bell saw released before dying in a car accident in 1978."
cokemachineglow,100,"The spare demos, crystal-clear concert recordings, and handsomely produced liner notes are a fan's delight, but it's the three original albums included here--38 haunting ballads and fist-pumping anthems, some in unreleased mixes, each one a gem--that still shine brightest."
The Boston Phoenix,100,"The songs here represent more than just a band; they represent the myth, the sound of beautiful losers, as Buck describes them, making good on the promise their sound always presented."
Pitchfork,100,"This 4-CD box is the monument to both the cult and the art. And it's great. [Oct 2009, p.117]"
AllMusic,100,"It wouldnt be hyperbolic to declare Keep an Eye on the Sky an indispensable cornerstone of any serious music fans collection, and one of the greatest box sets ever assembled.  Finally, Big Star get their due chance to shine."
Dusted Magazine,93,"These four discs ultimately do what any good box set should do: In tracing the band's trajectory from power-pop progenitors to post-pop tinkerers, Keep an Eye on the Sky presents a history of the band that could not be gleaned from the albums themselves, using finished studio tracks along with demos and rarities to give a fuller picture of the musicians, their dynamic, and their songs."
Mojo,93,"This box mingles an abundance of demos, alternative takes and other previously unreleased iterations of Big Star tunes amid sparsely retained original album versions. [Fall 2009, p.92]"
musicOMH.com,90,"[They were a creature of the studio and it] resulted in alternate mixes and instrumental scraps, the stuff that enthralls fetishists, sometimes justifiably so. Those are the listeners who will find Keep an Eye on the Sky most rewarding, but anybody who has loved the band will find something to cherish here."
Uncut,90,"In summation, though, there is not much you could ask for in a Big Star box set that is not included here."
PopMatters,90,"Barring the discovery of more golden eggs, the four CDs of Keep an Eye on the Sky are the last word on Big Star's first, ultimately glorious lifetime."
AllMusic,90,"Spanning the years 1968-75, this exquisitely designed four-disc boxed set gathers a treasure trove of rare gems."
Under The Radar,89,"Authoritatively illustrating why, the 4-CD Keep an Eye on the Sky might be considered compilation overload on this admittedly obscure Memphis quartet for the newcomer, but cultists and anyone interested in some of the purest guitar pop ever made will find lots and lots to love."
No Ripcord,88,"Keep an Eye on the Sky--which expands Big Star's three early-'70s albums with a bevy of demos, alternate takes, and a complete 1973 live set--shores up the band's legend for a new generation."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"These commercial frailties have come to be seen, quite rightly, as cultish strengths. But it all goes to make Keep An Eye On The Sky much more than a repository of extraordinary music; it acts as the most thorough and articulate explanation of why Big Star never became superstars."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"This exemplary boxset tells the whole, rather sorry saga of how a band who seemingly had everything going for them ended up with precisely nothing. [Oct 2009, p.122]"
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Rhinos new Big Star box set Keep an Eye on the Sky seems like it was put together as much to please Big Star fans as it was to introduce newcomers to the band."

AllMusic,80,"Blessed with little of the showiness affectations of the X-Factor/American Idol generation, she can sell a song and inject it with age-appropriate enthusiasm that sustains her through the moments when Turn It Up glides by on its surface, while making the album--at its best--pretty damn infectious, too."
musicOMH.com,70,"It is a rarity: a proper album, from a proper pop star."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Close but no rosette for the new British diva on the block."
Slant Magazine,60,"Daffy girl pop with just the teensiest bit of attitude, enough retro influences and the odd acceptable ballad."
Pitchfork,40,"The generic patchwork of this debut LP suggests it's business as usual at the modern pop production line. [Oct 2009, p.102]"
Spin,40,"Unfortunately Turn It Up, bar two brilliant singles, just doesn't stand up to repeat listens."
Sputnikmusic,40,"Turn It Up is a wasted opportunity, weighed down by beige soul ballads and cheap-sounding R&B that could have been cranked out for any talent show contestant. [Oct 2009, p.113]"
Drowned In Sound,20,"At the risk of sounding trite, I couldn't wait to Turn It Off. [Oct 2009, p.97]"

Hot Press,75,"They've broken out of the pop-punk underground not by illuminating the dark corners of young-person romance but by crafting songs that make the rituals of teenhood feel like scenes in a Zac Efron movie."
NOW Magazine,70,"Its self-titled debut was pop-emo at its dimmest, but Love Drunk is, in places, a pleasant improvement, with the bands brattier instincts tamped down."
Q Magazine,63,"When it's not ripping off Panic, Love Drunk seems to be catering to other mainstream audiences and the hipster crowd.... But once you get past all that, you'll find a few solid pop-rock tunes here."
Uncut,60,"This is a much better record than their debut--and that in itself is an impressive feat."
Under The Radar,60,"If Love Drunk's overall enthusiasm and high-energy pop doesn't win over even the snarkiest of reviewers after a few listens, then they probably don't have a heart. Everyone else will love it anyway. Pop-rock like this is popular for a reason."
Mojo,60,"All this new-Benz shininess would get annoying if it weren't for the sugar-shot melodies."

Delusions of Adequacy,83,"The music on Here Comes Science is by and large a little less off-the-wall and casually profound than those on Here Come The 123s, but theres still something cheering about hearing kid-friendly songs that promote evolution, or one that notes how much of living matter can be reduced to a few common elements."
Uncut,80,"Here Comes Science is another fun, educational triumph."
Prefix Magazine,80,"Its also something worth hearing for lapsed fans who havent been keeping up with TMBG in recent years or for anyone who loves well-written power-pop with a side of nerdiness."
cokemachineglow,74,"Plenty has been said about how well They Might Be Giants' playful, absurdist rock translates to kids' music-and the band's fourth offspring-focused effort is no exception."
AllMusic,60,"The results are entertaining and witty, as well as educational, even if at times the tunes have to perform contortions to squeeze all the lyrics in. [Jul 2010, p.141]"
Drowned In Sound,60,"Think of Here Comes Science as the gateway drug for a new batch of TMBG fans. It's kind of amazing nobody thought of it sooner"
Sputnikmusic,40,"Noble concept, but possibly the dumbest clever-clogs album ever made. [Jun 2010, p.98]"
Pitchfork,40,"TMBG's nagging pop tunes are useful mnemonics, albeit irritating ones. But there is no reason why anybody over the age of eight should listen to this. [Jun 2010, p.100]"

New Musical Express (NME),70,"The combination of Lewis and Rodriguez-Lopez seems promising, albeit one that could use a few tweaks and a tad less self-indulgence on the conceptual front."
musicOMH.com,60,"Juliette Lewis dials down the aggression, amps up the introspection, and adds a dose of weirdness on her third album, Terra Incognita. As always, what Lewis wants to achieve is apparent and admirable, but not necessarily quite what is achieved."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Juliette Lewis's third shot at crossing over from award-winning actress to respected songwriter appears to br gatherng pace. [Oct 2009, p.98]"
Prefix Magazine,60,"A rich, rowdy and mostly rewarding listen."
Q Magazine,58,"Lewis convincingly mixes guttural aggression and haunting sonic effects. However, the songwriting is mostly nonexistent, and some tracks are puzzling non-fits that destroy any consistent atmosphere."
Pitchfork,50,"The conceptual stuff is ill-advised.... But she's a competent angst-belter who knows how to imitate singers she likes, from Courtney Love to Kim Carnes--even if her Janis Joplin is too close to 30 Rock for comfort."
cokemachineglow,40,"For all her Stakhanovite efforts and the title track's Hole-esque venom, the fact is she's yet to prove that it is music and not acting that is her true calling. [Oct 2009, p.112]"

Urb,85,"The set is a nice welcome back and a new beginning for the singer."
Under The Radar,80,"If you let go of your preconceptions, what youll hear is a strong soul album by a mature singer whos successfully channelling a lot of real pain in her music."
Tiny Mix Tapes,75,"Though I Look to You doesn't soar like the old days, it's fine to hear Houston working on her own recovery plan."
Rolling Stone,70,"Shes tentatively climbing back into the pop machinery, no longer invincible but showing a divas determination."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"I Look to You spends little time looking back. It is a modern soul record, a collection of sleek, often spunky love songs that aim at something more immediate and tangible than nostalgia or catharsis: Houston wants back in the diva stakes."
Los Angeles Times,67,"Whitney Houston's first album in seven years, doesn't pretend to offer the unblemished 21-year-old we met on her smash 1985 debut, but it never?truly lets listeners inside the heart and head of the woman she is today."
The A.V. Club,63,"Houston's version of Leon Russell's American Idol staple 'A Song for You' works up to a deliciously cheesy club-pop climax. Still, with a pair of 'I Believe I Can Fly'style contributions from R. Kelly and a blustery Diane Warren ballad called 'I Didn't Know My Own Strength,' there's no denying the message that I Look to You was designed to hammer home. Expect fresh drama soon."
Q Magazine,60,"For the most part, I Look to You manages to sound completely contemporary without the use of guest rappers, dumbed-down lyrics, or slang."
musicOMH.com,60,"What she undoubtedly is, is a pro--she sells these subdued glitzy productions, she makes boring songs interesting, she remains a forceful, tangible presence."
Observer Music Monthly,60,"The album concentrates on reinstalling Houston, never resident at R&B's cutting edge, as an unchallenging pop-soul diva. This it does with style, weaving flashes of eurodisco thump around hooky melodies."
AllMusic,60,"For all that she's miraculously clawed back here, the one thing that eludes her is the one thing that made her exceptional: her voice. Without it she's just another R&B singer, and, good as it is in places, I Look To You is just another R&B album."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"The only evidence we have is a middling album marking a new chapter in a diva's life that doesn't sound any cheerier than the chapters that went before."
Billboard,60,"Houston has delivered an album that, despite a few middling tracks, is genuinely moving. [Nov 2009, p.95]"
Hartford Courant,60,"You can hear where the money went, even if her voice is far from the soaring force of yore. [Nov 2009, p.114]"
Austin Chronicle,40,"Houston, Weve got problems"

Entertainment Weekly,83,"An eclectic Walmart-only mini-album, Cyrus works her ?husky chirp over big-beat disco-garage (''Talk Is Cheap''), paranoid synth-rock (''Kicking and Screaming''), and ?Les Miz-style power balladry (''Obsessed'')."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"Cyrus has always sounded older than her years, and as she leaves her teens, that's a good thing--especially since The Time of Our Lives shows her music is catching up to her pipes."
Boston Globe,50,"The Time Of Our Lives is a great pop EP drowning in a sea of bilge."
Alternative Press,40,"'Party in the USA' is a cute pop song, with a clever clash between feathery jazz guitar chords and a booming synth bassline serving as hook. But it's downhill from there, thanks to a run of inferior ballads arrested only at the very close by one rather superior ballad, 'The Climb.'"

Mojo,83,"He takes songs easy without throwing them away, and these were written to hold up their end of that bargain."
Trouser Press,83,"Produced by renowned adult contemporary producer Tommy LiPuma, American Classic-Nelson's finest album since 1998's 'Teatro'-contains 12 timeless melodies that bridge the gap between Nelson's love for Django Reinhardt and Bob Wills & His Texas Playboys."
Spin,80,"American Classic really shines when the velveteen smoothness takes a backseat to that voice. [Sep 2009, p.90]"
The Guardian,80,"At the age of 76, the Texas native proves that there is still plenty of stardust left under his cowboy hat."
NOW Magazine,78,"The familiar tenor slips in easily with the woozy horns and smooth pianos, sounding confident and at ease--appropriate for the king of cool."
PopMatters,75,"Where 1978s seminal Stardust was a major statement about the timeless power of a great song, the self-consciously minor American Classic is more of a breezy, diverting aside."
No Ripcord,70,"The resultant sound is smooth, classy, and subtle--a sonic horse of a different color from the exquisitely ramshackle earthiness that made 'Stardust' so appealing and unusual."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),70,"Its sound is lustrous, its personnel impeccable. Whats missing is the sense of conviction that Mr. Nelson brings to his strongest work."
Dot Music,70,"Standards collections from pop artists are de rigueur and Nelsons trusty touring band has been replaced by a tasteful cocktail-jazz unit. For those reasons, American Classic doesnt make the indelible mark its predecessor did."
Pitchfork,60,"If not on the same level as 'Stardust,' American Classic nonetheless finds Nelson sounding as soulful and youthful as he has in years."
Uncut,60,"For all his genius, Nelson can be kind of lazy, and this disc--a sequel of sorts to his beloved 1978 standards collection, 'Stardust'--he only occasionally sounds like he's trying."
Sputnikmusic,40,"American Classic still can't avoid feelling like dinner party music. [Fall 2009, p.74]"
Slant Magazine,40,"Nelson's debut on seminal jazz imprint Blue Note lacks the luster of its 1978 counterpart."
Lost At Sea,40,"Even taking into consideration his relentless tour schedule, which may be taking its toll on the 76-year-olds vocals, certain performances sound like a man going through the motions."

The A.V. Club,70,"The industry pros serve to sweeten, not change, Caillats sound, which results in a richly textured album, not just a collection of radio-baiting singles, that retains the performers personality."
Pitchfork,62,"Breakthrough never quite lives up to its title. But the songs that do diverge from the formula even slightly-like the Greg Wells-produced 'Fearless'-offer delightful relief, and perhaps a taste of what could be if the singer were to dig deeper."
PopMatters,60,"It's a creation that's slicker and sleeker than the debut, but fortunately, it's not quite at the expense of Caillat's simple charms."
AllMusic,60,"Colbies soothing vocals, the warm sound of the music, and the memorable choruses are all well worth listening to this for when the mood for something easy hits you."
Spin,60,"Hardly essential, but brimming with late summery charms. [Nov 2009, p.101]"
AllMusic,50,"Caillat has a fine voice--clear and ringing, with a hint of a rasp--and she can write hooks. (She co-composed every song here.) But the simpering puppy love grows wearying over 12 tracks, especially because Caillat fails to convince as a romantic heroine."
Dusted Magazine,50,"To the extent that the production and arrangements mask Caillat's inadequacies as a writer and performer Breakthrough is a marginal improvement over her debut, 'Coco.'"
musicOMH.com,40,"Caillat has a sweet, clear voice and the songs are crisply tasteful ('Fallin' For You' is all hook) but rarely go beyond formula. [Nov 2009, p. 83]"

The Guardian,90,"This Is for the White in Your Eyes is a come-out-of-the-gate winner."
PopMatters,90,"Winner of the Best New Act award at the Danish Grammys, Choir of Young Believers debut is like summer itself--over too soon, but a tremendous joy."
No Ripcord,83,"Makrigiannis style makes a strong first impression, as his songs flow naturally from muted sorrow to booming emotion and back. He evokes the calm, the storm, and the aftermath."
The Guardian,80,"Led by spectral-voiced dreamer Jannis Makrigiannis, they have made a desolately pretty debut, its tangible, space and reverb-worn expansiveness conjuring vast Nordic skies. [Dec 2009, p. 92]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"The music is accordingly spectral, with sparse piano teasing its way into break-out crescendos of strings, French horns and a children's choir. [Dec 2009, p. 87]"
Los Angeles Times,70,"When he injects melodic sunshine, as on the loping 'Action/Reaction,' For the White in Your Eyes nestles nicely between the Beach Boys and Fleet Foxes. But Makrigiannis mostly stays in stark, downcast mode."
AllMusic,70,"Watch out he'll make yoyr believe. [Summer 2009, p.60]"
Slant Magazine,60,"Overall, though, it's too smooth and metropolitan to inspire the same reaction that Bon Iver's For Emma, Forever Ago did last summer."
The New York Times,50,"It is something of a missing link, and therefore a reminder of the often uncomfortably close proximity, between indie baroques earnestness and the pyrotechnic baroque of a lead singer who keeps a passion coach in his entourage."
Vibe,40,"Sadly, This is for the White in Your Eyes sees a band with great potential whose ambitions too frequently get the best of them."

Billboard,90,"Miraculously, the whole thing hangs together perfectly, each song complementing the last and what should be a mess of disparate influences, becomes a cohesive whole."
NOW Magazine,80,"So who cares if Esser is clearly a product of his environment, right down to the post-Millennial Morrisey pompadour. Put him in line with several decades of British music that will always satisfy the NME reader within."
PopMatters,80,"In short, this is exceptionally good contemporary pop. [Jun 2009, p.109]"
Boston Globe,60,"Though it can sometimes feel as if Esser is randomly pushing buttons to make the strangest noises he can, Braveface is a satisfying 35 minutes."
Rolling Stone,60,"He's not quite established his own sound, but that will surely come. Meanwhile, Braveface remains hugely enjoyable. [Jun 2009, p.121]"
Dot Music,60,"Overall, Esser delivers a solid pop debut for a guy who many would have dismissed as just the drummer for a lackluster post-punk band."
Pitchfork,50,"Theres enough sonic meat here to gain him fans, but not enough depth to build a fanbase that will remember him once hes off the airwaves."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"Pop singers certainly don't need to reinvent music production to be gripping, but Esser's debut doesn't strain or stretch creative boundaries or hit that perfect balance between playful and experimental in the same way that contemporaries like Micachu and the Shapes do."

musicOMH.com,83,"Jessie James falters on a handful of snoozy power ballads but plays one heck of a small-town sex kitten on up-tempo numbers like 'Blue Jeans.'"
Spin,78,"With a voice that seems to work with many genres, James' set is reminiscent of hits from late-'90s pop acts, but with a more mature, sexually charged attitude and influence from country and hip-hop."
Under The Radar,70,"That eagerness to sell out can be grating, especially when her 2009 debut slides into glassy ballads, but fortunately she's also picked up (perhaps unwittingly) on the underlying oddness of Aguilera and Perry, turning out purportedly mainstream pop that puts together familiar ingredients in weird ways."
Filter,40,"While she's able to pull off that bad-girl vamp far more convincingly than Underwood, that isn't saying much, and James certainly doesn't hold a candle to Aguilera at her skankiest."

The Guardian,80,"Hot Mess is a complete success and shows that the band could possibly grow past the comedy and become something else entirely."
Q Magazine,80,"We also love to party and this third effort from Cobra Starship screams party right from blast off."
Uncut,77,"If you don't finish this part record a hot mess, then you probably didn't have a good time."
Pitchfork,75,"Only a music fan obsessed with the rules of authenticity and the requirements for lyrical profundity could find fault with the 11 odes to overload that make up Hot Mess."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Hot Mess is flush with other stupid-smart highlights, including 'Pete Wentz Is the Only Reason Were Famous.'"
The Guardian,70,"Hot Mess has everything you hate to admit you love about Cobra Starship. [Sep 2009, p.104]"
Uncut,60,"Sometimes the former Midtown singer's snark falls flat, as with the title 'Pete Wentz Is the Only Reason We're Famous' or the part where the singer brags about his ass. But Saporta does have some pop gifts, apparent on the disco 'Living in the Sky With Diamonds.'"
musicOMH.com,40,"Theres only so much nudge-nudge, wink-wink you can take before you want to shove a sock in the dudes mouth. On the bright side, they stand a good chance of scoring a few top-40 hits with this dreck."

Rolling Stone,83,"Produced by Matt Serletic, the album is a sonic delight, refreshingly different from what often dominates country radio airwaves. But the 13-song collection is still accessible enough to whet programmers' appetites."
PopMatters,60,"Sometimes, this approach is entirely too slick, particularly when the rhythms are pounding too hard on 'Wild at Heart' and 'You Said,' but at their best, Gloriana can evoke the forgotten charms of '70s studio-centric soft rock in both its mellow and rocking incarnations."
Q Magazine,50,"The vast majority of their debut album, Gloriana, falls somewhere between maudlin boy-band songwriting cliches and? a particularly melodramatic Six Flags country revue."
Dot Music,50,"Gloriana's pop acumen (and virtuoso hair-care abilities) are a sure bet to fill arenas very soon, but they shouldn't forget to toss an occasional 'Landslide' in for the grizzled oldsters out there."

Paste Magazine,80,"A gorgeous, swoonsome album that electrifies and stimulates in all the right places."
Dot Music,80,"A palatial record. [Mar 2009, p.89]"
musicOMH.com,80,"For Radio Wars, producer Dan Grech-Marguerat has opened out their sound, but the atmosphere of intrigue remains. [Apr 2009, p.98]"
Uncut,70,"Radio Wars demands its listeners heed that siren song, and it's truthfully hard to resist."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Based solely on its musical sensibilities and lyricism one couldnt say Radio Wars was a more mature effort than its predecessor. But given that it indicates its creators comfort in their being, it certainly sounds grown up."
Filter,63,"Too often on Radio Wars, velvet-voiced singer Juanita Stein seems content to hover around a handful of notes, and that makes it hard to distinguish this stuff from similarly styled fare by the Duke Spirit or Doves."
Spin,61,"Sometimes wars are won with persistence and numbers alone, after all. And in any case, when you're cruising along in a pleasure craft as nice and reliable as this one, it's all right to tread a little water."
Slant Magazine,60,"They hail from sunny Sydney, but this solid second set cements the Bells firmly in rock's melancholia tradition, echoing the Bunnymen and Tindersticks."
Hartford Courant,60,"The album's first half conceals those weaknesses beneath dramatic arrangements, but the law of diminishing returns sets in by the midway point."
Rolling Stone,60,"There exists a plodding, phoned-in emotional evenness here which, for a band trading on matters of the soul, is a big problem and one that will stop them entering the arenas those strings were employed for."
Pitchfork,60,"[The new sound] works well on single 'Cities Burning Down,' which glides by catchily with a curious mix of muscle and lethargy, but it's less welcome on the cod-psychedlic 'Let's Be Kids' or the trite 'Golden Web,' both which are cosmetically seemless, but lack depth. [Apr 2009, p.105]"
Mojo,60,"All in all though, Radio Wars is disappointingly average; pleasant but fairly forgettable, and in contrast to its misleading title, should really have been named Radio Friendly instead."
AllMusic,60,"On their second album, Radio Wars, the Bells deliver billowy dream pop accented with atmospheric guitars, string arrangements and digitized beats."
Under The Radar,50,"Howling Bells fall into the same trap that kills most sorta-weird rock bands when they try to write a more popular sophomore album: Everything sounds bigger, but everything is easily more forgettable."
Alternative Press,50,"The way that Howling Bells constructed Radio Wars relies on strong melodies, hooks, songs, songs that arent really there, ideas not quite developed."
Entertainment Weekly,40,"Musically, it's all mid-tempo indie-by-numbers, shimmery enough to accompany an scene of upbeat emotion in Dawson's Creek; yet sufficiently credible, as indie so often is, to provide the soundtrack to a montage of trailers in an advert for a new Film 4 season."

PopMatters,80,"Kleerup can certainly be accused of repeating the same tricks over and over, but at least he has some remarkably effective (if not immensely distinctive) tricks  essentially, moderately paced and genially thumping robo-disco beats wedded to majestically buoyant chord progressions, played on synths that somehow manage to sound lush and punchy at the same time, with some bonus keyboard flutters for icing."
The A.V. Club,80,"This one is as strong and consistent as it is makes it all the more special."
Urb,77,"Yep, it's the face of a guy who just recorded an accomplished, cohesive debut, one that should please fans of 'blog house' and Swedish pop alike. Now if only he owned a razor."
Q Magazine,70,"His neoclassical melodies feel warm and full of blood, his keyboards weep where others bleep, and he puts so much skillful passion into female vocal showcasing that the tracks on his solo debut are consumed by a yearning for companionship that's only shaken momentarily."
No Ripcord,60,"'With Every Heartbeat' is evidence enough that this man has talent. He just needs to use that Rolodex a bit more."
BBC Music,60,"It's a much cleaner, subtle, more uplifting sound, but one which, ultimately, is a little devoid of personality."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Seemingly made with the camper kind of dancefloors in mind is the self-titled first album of surging Euro synth-pop from Sweden writer/producer, Kleerup. [Jun 2009, p.134]"
Q Magazine,50,"In listening to Kleerup all the way through, its obvious that he has the potential to be one of the best dance producers alive: he just has to learn how to grow first."

Under The Radar,70,"Not everything works--Tisdale isn't convincing when she tries to deal in either pain or carnality, but when she sticks to the surface, she makes sure that Guilty Pleasure lives up to its title."
Pitchfork,58,"At 24, though, she's still treading an overly familiar pop-rock trail already better blazed by 16-year-old Miley Cyrus, and Guilty Pleasure isn't so much pleasurable as simply vapid."
Sputnikmusic,50,"Power ballad 'What If' reveals that Tisdale can deliver the radio-ready goods, and 'Tell Me Lies' is convincingly spunky. But the rest of the material, as racy as it sometimes is, doesn't give the singer room to comfortably let loose."
The Quietus,40,"Ms. Tisdale, an average singer, gasps on 'Hot Mess.' 'Im leaving every piece of my conscience behind.' But being bad, it turns out, is sort of boring."
musicOMH.com,37,"There are a few glimmers of hope; Tisdale has said her heroes are Pat Benatar and Kelly Clarkson. But to succeed in the crowded hallways of teen pop, she'll have to be as fearless a misfit as those two bad girls--and not feel guilty about it in the morning."
Observer Music Monthly,30,"By chasing trends in an attempt to stay current, Guilty Pleasure sounds hopelessly dated and out-of-touch in the ever changing pop marketplace."

The Guardian,70,"Norwegian masters of melancholic synth-pop get back to basics."
Mojo,60,"The kind of album that sounds like it should be No 1 in Germany, which, of course, it was recently."
Uncut,60,"Foot of the Mountain's core consists of the same grown-up wistfulness that's powered Barlow and company's comeback."
Rolling Stone,60,"It takes a while to move beyond prettily pleasant, but the band's pining melancholy kicks in on 'What There Is' and 'Real Meaning.' [Sep 2009, p.79]"
Blender,50,"The standard of the songs never rises above the mildly pleasant, and occasionally - as on the self-consciously 'widescreen' title track or the wetter-than-a-fish's-wet-bits Mother Nature Goes To Heaven - it's pat and drab."

AllMusic,91,"Battlefield actually contains enough ?potential hits to keep the singer in heavy rotation until well into Idol's 10th season."
Dot Music,80,"Battlefield, her expertly constructed second album, upholds a darker, more experienced tone without losing an ounce of melodrama."
PopMatters,70,"Lyrical themes get a bit murkier on her appropriately titled sophomore effort, Battlefield."
Urb,60,"As nice as it is to hear Sparks continuing to dabble in dance-pop, though, one wonders if it would have been a smarter move in terms of career longevity to try to build on the urban audience she started to cultivate with 'No Air.'"
Austin Chronicle,60,"Regrettably, though, Sparks sounds more comfortable with power ballads such as 'No Parade;' and there's an inner Pat Benatar struggling to get out on the title track. OK if you like this kind of thing."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Because the sound is of paramount importance, this does succeed as pure radio-ready product, which is enough for Sparks to sustain her momentum if not enough to give her some kind of identity to build a career upon."
Billboard,60,"Britney Spears, Rihanna, Kelly Clarkson, Beyonce and Leanne Rimes are all artists Sparks' music evokes, but very little of it could be said to be distinctly hers."
The A.V. Club,50,"Sparks emotes about bad love amid beats that mix snazzy electro with stadium-rock bigness. She also comes off like a scrubbed-up deep feeler who doesn't distinguish herself."
AllMusic,50,"The album lags in its second half with songs that feel half-baked and are not aided by clever production. Many were penned by Sparks, whose writing abilities are far from hopeless; they simply need more development."
Rolling Stone,40,"Safe is only good in baseball, but in pop music it can be numbing, and such dull tunes like 'No Parade' or 'Let It Rain' find the singer trying to inject some life into music even she must realize is D.O.A."

Spin,88,"Working out of his home studio, Sweet--joined by drummer Ric Menck and multi-instrumentalist Greg Leisz--nails every sonic nuance, buried under cumulous clouds of glorious boy/girl harmonies."
Pitchfork,75,"The result is a skilled and, if you like extremely faithful covers, enjoyable set."
Slant Magazine,70,"Some might fit a little too perfectly, so close to the originals that there doesnt seem to be much point. But they best serve as reminders about what was so great about them to begin with."
PopMatters,60,"The influence of that 1972 double LP can be heard in the similarly homespun production of Under the Covers, Vol. 2 but where Rundgren was open-ended, Sweet neatly ties up every loose end with the care of a pop fetishist, making sure all the harmonies and guitar licks are in place, never adding any untasteful elements."
Alternative Press,60,"If Vol. 2 feels oddly rote, it'll still be interesting to hear how the pair might tackle the music of their actual contemporaries should they move into the '80s and '90s on subsequent outings."
Paste Magazine,60,"It's a strangely stilted approach on songs. [Sep 2009, p.92]"
Boston Globe,60,"It finds the duo moving ahead one decade, though very little else in their repertoire has changed."
musicOMH.com,60,"Sweet and Hoffss pedigree separates this covers comp from the chaff, which is why people like Lindsey Buckingham guest on their inspired version of Fleetwood Macs 'Second Hand News' and George Harrisons kid, Dhani, on their take on 'Beware Of Darkness.'"
Sputnikmusic,60,"It's not essential, but it is a sunny delight. [Oct 2009, p.117]"
Filter,50,"As for the album as a whole, Sweet and Hoffs are consummate professionals and they dutifully bring their best; however, they have yet to answer the question of why one should listen to their versions instead of the originals."
Blender,40,"Aside from sime sly gender-bending and lovable kitsch, there just isn't much interpretive room to roam. [Aug 2009, p.105]"
New Musical Express (NME),40,"Every new power-pop tune produced in the last 30 years is already a practical cover of these songs, so producing actual covers of them is redundant."

Rolling Stone,75,"When she breaks from her 'Sex and the City' act for Mouse-loving millennials, the 16-year-old shows refreshing versatility."
PopMatters,70,"Not quite as much fun, but still fun."
AllMusic,67,"Most of these tunes are standard-issue pop-rock, handled by Lovato with utter competence."
Prefix Magazine,62,"Along with some quiet surprises, there are also potential hits, including the first single/title track, where Lovato almost sounds like Kelly Clarkson's kid sister."
Pitchfork,60,"Lovato has chops and spunk akin to a fellow Texas pop singer, though her voice doesn't churn with Kelly Clarkson's gutsy heart yet."
Q Magazine,50,"Its obvious the young singer has lots of work ahead of her if she wants to truly cement herself as a serious, viable pop/rock artist outside of the Disney mold. But given the context, Here We Go Again is certainly enjoyable to some scale."

Entertainment Weekly,80,"The record doesn't particularly sound like anything Our Lady Peace has done in the past, but maybe that is what's so exciting about the quartet's seventh release."
Boston Globe,70,"The disc, produced by the band, is tighter, focused, and much more melodic than in the past. While most of it is fiery, some of the best moments ('Signs of Life') recognize that its often as important to glow as it is to burn."
Vibe,70,"One almost gets the impression that the band wanted to test the waters to see if they could still work together without killing each other, and if they couldnt, the only ones affected would be themselves. Turns out, they could, and the result is their most intimate, immediate album to date."
Spin,50,"The textures are right but Our Lady Peace remain deficient in hooks and melodies, something that didn't matter as much when their sound boiled with indignation instead of merely simmering, as it does here."
AllMusic,50,"while the first single, 'All You Did Was Save My Life,' provides some much-needed bite, 'Burn Burn' is ultimately ballad-heavy and one-dimensional."

Rolling Stone,70,"Sugar Ray can sometimes try too hard to seem younger than their years, pushing the dance beats a little bit too hard, and Mark McGrath relies on some unseemly Auto-Tune, but even with this too-evident aural botox, the group remains a guilty pleasure that's a bit hard to resist."
PopMatters,67,"Mark McGrath & Co. are back after six years with Music for Cougars, and still churning out affable pop-rock for various beer-commercial activities (beach volleyball, slo-mo water-balloon fights)."
musicOMH.com,60,"Overall, Sugar Ray sticks to what it does best: helping audiences realize that there's no better alternative to a California fun-in-the sun day at the beach."
Prefix Magazine,50,"These days, of course, the documentary vibe of the band's earlier stuff has transformed into an air of escapism -- not for nothing is one track titled 'When We Were Young.' But that hardly detracts from the crafty throwaway pleasures at which Sugar Ray still excels; in fact, it actually provides a touch of sweetness that helps temper McGrath's innate sleaze factor."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"A more mature direction for the music seems to be a good next step, since by this point the band is literally declaring an aging target market in an album title."
Blender,40,"On their sixth album they're still turning out pop rock so good-natured it practically gives you a big smile and a fist-bump."

New Musical Express (NME),80,"Daughtry and his band return with similar aggression on their sophomore album, Leave This Town. Daughtry's ferocious growl is still the centerpiece of the new songs, but the band has also taken a few creative risks."
Drowned In Sound,75,"The blueprint of follow-up Leave This Town--chugging riffs, angsty-sensitive lyrics, here-come-the-soaring-double tracked-?choruses--may feel utterly familiar, but it's undoubtedly what the people (the people not being up for, one guesses, any major stylistic switcheroos) want."
Paste Magazine,70,"At best Leave This Town inches beyond its predecessor, deeply tunneled into the hard-rock mainstream but a touch more confident and eclectic."
Pitchfork,63,"This is by-the-numbers arena rock, played with muscular competence by a relatively young band showing off its chops by executing successful formulas."
Lost At Sea,60,"They have nothing on their mind other than making basic, black-and-white modern rock, and they do so efficiently on Leave This Town, a sophomore album that's every bit as satisfying as the first."
Filter,60,"It takes gall to put a song called 'No Surprise' on your second disc, but gall is something Daughtry does not lack, and that's what made him one of the only bona fide rock stars to come out of American Idol."
AllMusic,50,"If you called Leave This Town, his familiar-sounding sophomore effort, workmanlike, hed probably see it as a compliment. Too bad this is disappointingly generic hard rock with virtually the same formula that made his debut such a success."
Observer Music Monthly,40,"It's a collection packed with groaning clichs and calculated banality, and while that's not so different from plenty of music in any era, Leave This Town is so formulaic, it could have come from a laboratory at DuPont, where they make plastic."
PopMatters,40,"Taking into account that half of Leave This Town was never intended for headphone listening, and is better heard blasting on a car stereo or a jukebox, it can seem somewhat picky to criticise the album for being poorly-written or for sounding like compressed dog poo."
Billboard,20,"Chris Daughtry has a real band that plays really serious songs, which are, almost without exception, really, really bad."

Dot Music,70,"Sound may have a slight edge over the originally released version of this material, if only because it's truer to the band's initial intentions, and Dandy diehards will certainly find it worth checking out, but more casual fans who already own Monkey House can probably skip it unless they're looking for an intriguing lesson in the nuances of mixing."
No Ripcord,70,"'Monkey House' was the band's experiment in '80s synth-rock, and with Elavedo's touch, the razor-sharp, reflective edges of the album's space-age cogs are smoothed and rounded, with the bright-hot electro-pop brought closer to loungey funk."
Mojo,60,"Unfortunately, despite its improvements, the album still suffers from lackadaisical and unfocused songwriting. Sure, this record is quite a bit better than the one originally released, and kudos to the band for taking the time to prove their point."
Q Magazine,60,"To non-Dandys diehards, these will seem like small differences. Both albums have great, sometimes danceable pop hooks. But for Warholics, the nuances will be celebrated as re-connecting with their original artistic impulses."
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"An LP that once raved shamelessly now shuffles, twitchily. [Oct 2009, p.95]"
cokemachineglow,50,"The first Monkey House is full of consistently aggressive hook-mongering; this version is all deliberately becalmed jamming and repetition. As a compare/contrast sample, its fascinating; as entertainment, its wearisome for anyone not already committed to the Warhols."

Prefix Magazine,100,"With not a dot ball or an overthrow, The Duckworth Lewis Method is an unqualified success."
musicOMH.com,80,"Played, boys, oh well played."
Slant Magazine,80,"It's a record of beautifully constructed songs--pastiches, yes, but so perfectly rendered as to be melt-in-your-mouth lovely."
Spin,80,"It's an eclectic mix for sure, but Hannon and Walsh make it work via some superior orchestral rock craftmanship. [Fall 2009, p.62]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Concept album about cricket from Divine Comedy and Pugwash frontmen hits the sweet spot."
Under The Radar,60,"It is hard to really know if there is a place for cricket concept albums. Certainly there's a time and a place for them and at the start of an Ashes summer is just that--it's perfect timing from Hannon and Walsh."
Alternative Press,60,"The songs are often gently ironic '70s orchestral pop with overtones of striped caps and Edwardian moustaches. [Aug 2009, p.90]"
The A.V. Club,40,"The record lurches between cliched harpsichord-driven ditties and cringeworthy soft-rock pop songs that rely on the inventiveness of their concept over the originality of their music."
Uncut,40,"Unfortunately, much of the rest veers from lightweight to teeth-grindingly irritating, suggesting a private joke that perhaps would have been best left in private. [Sep 2009, p.93]"

The A.V. Club,80,"If I Had The Blues But I Shook Them Loose is the band's Everest, not only do they conquer it with unassuming boyish romance, but they've also created the most poignant anthology of what it means to be young and restless in the city since fellow Londoners Bloc Party's 'Silent Alarm'--though they're a lot less frosty than Okereke et al."
Spin,80,"Their supple, smouldering songs take you back to an innocent, pre-Britpop indie era while retaining the thrust of contempories like Bloc Party. [Aug 2009, p.87]"
Urb,79,"London rock act Bombay Bicycle Club hasn't been playing together long, but the foursome boasts an impressive sound on debut album I Had the Blues But I Shook Them Loose (released last July in the United Kingdom)."
Q Magazine,70,"Although Bombay Bicycle Club can't quite hold a torch to the all-conquering returning Maccabees, they're an armful short of effortless anthems for that, but they prove themselves worthy of operating in their shadow."
Pitchfork,60,"North London outfit from the same school (literally) as Cajun Dance Party, earning high marks for their winsome indie tunes."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Granted, there's nothing new going on, but their passion fills in the innovation gaps."
Los Angeles Times,60,"While I Had the Blues is a serviceable debut that doesn't really disappoint but rarely shines, it does suggest that Bombay Bicycle Club have a promising future."
Rolling Stone,40,"This is duvet music, offering vague comfort but impossible to feel any excitement for."
PopMatters,40,"Jack Steadman's shaky voice does scant justice to a dozen songs that, in more adept hands, might have not been squashed at birth. [Aug 2009, p.103]"
AllMusic,40,"There hasn't been quite enough time yet for them to construct much of a unique sonic indentity. [Aug 2009, p.94]"

Prefix Magazine,86,"jj's full-length debut is as easy to enjoy as whatever the last CD was you brought home with a giant cannabis leaf on the cover. They're as naive as they are cynical-- or is it the other stupid way around?-- and they manage to be pretty, touching, funny, and motivating, in different ways, in all the right places, for nine songs lasting 28 minutes."
Slant Magazine,80,"jj n 2 proves itself to be inexplicable in its origins and quite possibly a rare summer thing thatll survive the post-August comedown and re-emerge in heavy rotation in late fall, when its sunny disposition will try its damnedest to win my heart and maybe even succeed."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"jj have crafted a truly fascinating album and one of the best hidden gems this year"
Drowned In Sound,80,"This level of quality is ridiculously hard to challenge, which may be part of the reason jj n 2 has remained on the hipster tip despite that it isnt very hip."

musicOMH.com,67,"On their fourth release in as many years, the boys don't entirely topple their Tiger Beat pedestal, but with Lines' PG-13 sentiments and wailing guitars, they try hard to leave their tween-dream innocence behind."
The Guardian,63,"Although the tunes are accomplished, Lines has a patina of smarm that's less smart than the music."
Under The Radar,63,"If the Jonases come up woefully short in the sensitivity department, they (nearly) make up for it with songwriting that's far more flavorful than that on Fearless or on the JoBros' previous disc, last year's 'A Little Bit Longer.'"
musicOMH.com,60,"Vines and Trying Times the seams are showing, which makes it a little bit harder to enjoy, even if there are certainly moments where all their craft and charm click, resulting in some fine pop that points out what's missing from the rest of the record."
PopMatters,60,"The boys continue to expand musically, making this their kickiest and catchiest CD yet, even better than last year's A Little Bit Longer."
Pitchfork,60,"In a number of 'mature' developments to their sound they've laid down impeccably produced horns (see bombastic opener 'World War III'), come within millimetres of salacious classic rock in the excellent 'Poison Ivy' (watch out for the implied 'bitch' in the chorus!) and, on lead single 'Paranoid,' dispensed a chilled-out post-baggy number."
Hartford Courant,60,"Its a bricolage of genres, so bent on embracing a variety of musical forms that it sometimes borders on parody."
Spin,60,"While it's commendable for the trio to try to break out of its teen dream box, it's on songs like 'Before the Storm'--featuring Miley Cyrus--where the brothers prove they're still among the best at putting the fizz in pop culture."
Under The Radar,40,"Lines suggests that the Jonas Brothers simply don't have--or, more charitably, haven't yet developed--the chops to make it once the current teen-pop bubble bursts."
Slant Magazine,40,"Lines, Vines and Trying Times isnt a good record and definitely isnt the kind of thing you should be looking to investigate further. But if youre reading this review, the chances are its not meant for you, so giving it a thumbs-down is hardly earth-shattering news."
The Guardian,30,"As a piece of product, this album modestly accomplishes the goal of keeping the Jonas Brothers name out there, reenergizing the fickle base. But as an album, it is a failure, weighed down by the painfully bland production and a team of uninspired professional songwriters who add little to Nicks developing skills."


AllMusic,100,"Given their experience writing and producing for the likes of Kylie Minogue, Madonna and Brittney Spears, it stands to reason why Miike Snow is such an irresistibly captivating album."
Rolling Stone,90,"For Miike Snow make weirdly wonderful music, not without its strange lyrical dark side, but with an overall vibe that raises you to your feet and makes you gaze at the blue sky. In a phrase, life-enriching."
Filter,80,"Both the production and Wyatt's shape-shifting croon are so butter-smooth that it takes repeated plays to sense the hurt that hides behind these dance-floor lullabies."
Q Magazine,70,"There's no lack of artists making similar sounding music--MGMT, Pop Levi, White Williams, and even Animal Collective come to mind--but Miike Snow is ambitious and fun enough that they're worth checking out."
No Ripcord,70,"An intelligent, satisfying, extremely listenable pop record, its simultaneously nothing you expected, and most everything you hoped for."
AllMusic,70,"Here Christian Karlsson and Pontus Winnberg hook up with indie boy Andrew Wyatt, manhandling his plaintive love ballads until they explode into freewheeling electro fantasias."
Mojo,60,"When they slip up, its due to stupid lyrics or mainstream tendencies (like the beginning of the first single, 'Burial'). But they do create winning synth moments on 'Song For No One' and 'In Search Of.'"
Uncut,60,"Miike Snows debut is a curious affair: clad in icy, inscrutable packaging a la Sigur Ros with american singer Andrew Wyatt carefully enunciating every overwrought word, its also jam-packed with the kind of dazzling pop tricks you might expect from three chaps whose day job is churning out radio hits for the likes of and Jordin Sparks."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"Their packed schedule has finally allowed space for this lavish eponymous debut. [Sep 2009, p.95]"
Pitchfork,60,"As the album enters its second half a number of elements which made the its first half so enjoyable begin to get tiresome, particularly the over-reliance on piano."
Spin,50,"The debut album by these producers-turned-trio comes after blog-bait remixes galore, including a nice enough Postal Service-ish Vampire Weekend makeover, but there's little of those fine young Columbians' infectious exuberance here."

PopMatters,83,"Amanda Leigh is much more fun, with twisty-turny melodies ('Merrimack River'); jazzy, Broadway-influenced arrangements ('Pocket Philosopher'); and one track that sounds--improbably enough--like Fragile-era Yes ('Song About Home')."
musicOMH.com,70,"Everything about Amanda Leigh is just a shade too precise--the production too transparent, the singing too on the nose, the mood too subdued--to achieve the homespun quality Moore so cherishes, but a large part of Mandy's appeal is her good taste and her clean way with a song, something that is readily apparent and often winning on Amanda Leigh."
Under The Radar,70,"Power-pop guru Mike Viola, of the Candy Butchers, is the album's producer and main co-writer, and the collection (recorded at Ducky Carlisle's Ice Station Zebra in Medford) is filled with his sweet, skewed melodies and smart, infectious choruses."
Tiny Mix Tapes,70,"Mandy Moore faces the same challenge any other singer-songwriter does: delivering songs that are consistently compelling.
Prefix Magazine,She does a decent job of it on Amanda Leigh."
cokemachineglow,70,"Listeners are advised to ignore the authenticity issues and focus on Moore's catchy tunes and warm voice on Amanda Leigh."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"Moore's sincerity and her pleasant vocals bring a great deal of charm to the project as well, and that goes a long way toward overcoming production that is perhaps a bit too slick to recall the homespun appeal of her favorite records."
Slant Magazine,50,"Every subsequent song on Amanda Leigh, no matter the tempo or mood, offers a similar mishmash of pop sheen and anodyne country rock, with little to suggest a distinct artistic vision."

Delusions of Adequacy,88,"Alpers has a knack like few others for spinning our over-interconnected loneliness into something more like a blissful collective daydream."
No Ripcord,80,"Never less than dreamy, My Electric Family is endlessly inventive and rewarding."
AllMusic,80,"A real treasure. [Sep 2009, p.90]"
Alternative Press,75,"Although Alpers has found a winning sound, she's still scrambling to gather her notes and draft a theme she can deliver with conviction."
PopMatters,60,"Alpers is smart, you can tell immediately, yet the album feels carefully scrubbed of identifying marks, swinging between Flaming Lips-size pomp and Laurie Anderson-style catatonia."
Sputnikmusic,60,"There's no doubting her sonic ambitions, the glowing multitracked vocals and eclectic instrumentation here resembling a kind of lo-fi, one-woman version of Animal Collective. [Jun 2009, p.117]"
cokemachineglow,50,"So swathed in electronic trickery, space-age swoops and super-produced vocals is My Electric Family, though, that it ends up a little soulless; individually the tracks have a removed piquancy, but an hours solid exposure leaves you yearning for a crackle, some fuzz, or any human intervention."

Drowned In Sound,79,"Theyre all about mucking around with monstrously catchy, juvenile surf riffs and then suffocating those infant laughs with a tight plastic bag of reverb; warm, gleeful guitar tones are stripped to their menacing essentials and left to bake in rancid West Coast heat."
musicOMH.com,75,"His deadpan honk of a singing voice calls to mind a less caustic Mark E. Smith, and he arranges the 12 quick songs with a gift for effective repetitive hooks and reductive structures."
The Guardian,73,"Fake Surfers doesn't continue these new adventures in hi-fi. Rather, it plays to the Intelligence's extremes, casting a more pronounced British Invasion pop influence in warped, peak-level lo-fi sonics, emphasizing a connection between post-punk and psychedelia that stretches from Clinic and Guided by Voices through the deconstructionist pop of Swell Maps and Wire and back to the whimsical wordsmithery of Syd Barrett and Skip Spence."
Hot Press,70,"While Fake Surfers might not have the immediate impact of Finberg's earlier albums, but it takes his music in some bold directions without losing its smart-alecky, catchy-despite-itself essence."
Q Magazine,70,"Gone is all the nervous tension that crisscrossed most of Finbergs twitchy, dystopian vignettes, replaced instead with carefully plotted fuzz and a general hazy ambience that suggests calculated late-1960s ennui more than anything else. Overall, thats a really good thing, especially when accompanied with the bands seemingly newfound ability to ply their songs with unexpected twists and subtle new details."

Hartford Courant,80,"What they bring to the table is a living, breathing sence of the organic. [June 2009, p.109]"
AllMusic,80,"Harmonium could quite easily have been a sterile exercise in musical pastiche. What The Soundcarriers have turned the album into is a living, breathing entity that restores the listener's faith in music."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Here, the presence of a harmonium updates some lava lamp pyschedelic freakouts, David Axelrod's jazzy grooves and the feathery female harmonies of The Free Design, whose Chris Dedrick provides sleevenotes for the vinyl. [Jun 2009, p.101]"
Blender,80,"This album is so addictive it should come with a health warning."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Harmonium gets tiresome toward the end. However, fans of light, clean, crisp and non-threatening psychedelia--as in '60s children's TV music, library music, groovy instrumentals with a flute lead, etc.--will be delighted, and rightfully so."
Rolling Stone,70,"Soundcarriers offer something a little less detatched, with less intellectual exercises and more communal experimentation. [Summer 2009, p.68]"
Pitchfork,60,"Harmonium is as sunny and affable for outdoor get-togethers as it is sexified for ones swinging bachelor pad."
The Boston Phoenix,50,"Admirable, if not necessarily lovable."
Dot Music,50,"Their loping AM-radio psychedelia--like later Stereolab or lighter Dungen--engages with enough noise (if not complex rhythms) to keep the band out of mawkish territory."

Spin,88,"Some bands make a third album; others make something more like a third refinement of 'the album.' This feels like the (charmed) latter."
PopMatters,80,"Thanks to Monahan and the strength of the songs the trio wrote for the album, this stands as Au Revoir Simone's best work so far."
Uncut,80,"You can slice up its track-by-track constitution--a gently sung, interesting turn of phrase here, an evocative chord progression here--but it is a beautiful, haunting creature as a whole, and a poignant testament to the power of simplicity."
Under The Radar,80,"Music to stick pins in voodoo dolls of the popular kids by."
Urb,80,"The fact that many of the songs have lengthy instrumental passages confirms that Au Revoir Simone is more concerned with conveying emotions than just singing about them. On this count, the album's a clear success."
AllMusic,78,"The band's egalitarian and mutually supportive dynamic pays off on the harmonious Still Night, Still Light, their third and best album."
Billboard,70,"Opener 'Another Likely Story' sets the mood, dovetailing chilly lunar textures with hushed vocal harmonies to often nap-worthy effect."
Mojo,70,"Essentially, Still Night, Still Life is a fun, carefree listen and doesn't pretend to be anything more. As an added bonus, it's also a clear improvement over the band's past works as well."
musicOMH.com,70,"Listen to Still Night, Still Light for what it is and its unlikely you will end up disappointed."
Hot Press,70,"Snoozy delights from the polyphonic twee whose outright nerdiness is charming."
Q Magazine,60,"Everything sounds lovely, but the songs are too indistinct from one another, and theres very little emotional range on display."
Pitchfork,60,"There's an intimacy to these songs that makes it feel like you're intruding on some private sorrow, but there's no denying their ability to sustain a mood. [Jun 2009, p.117]"
Spin,60,"There's a couple tunes that rise above the general lo-fi languor. But you get the feeling they could carry on like this, lost in unchanging adolescent reverie, forever. [Jun 2009, p.83]"
Under The Radar,60,"Au Revoir Simone might want to explore organic instrumentation further--the vocal harmonies would flourish--although the lyrics could wilt in the exposure. [Summer 2009, p.64]"
Drowned In Sound,40,"Over the course of a whole album their light-as-afeather mix of glacial keyboard, breathy vocals and mid-tempo time signatures begins to grate, and you wish producer Thom Monahan had made them take more risks. [Jun 2009, p.99]"

Rolling Stone,80,"As two musicians who may have gotten slighted, their self-titled album is an accomplished and impressive debut."
Urb,80,"'Cave Mouth' rocks with something of Fugazi's technical heft, while 'Perfect Fit' matches Penner's quavering vocals to dancing Klezmer piano and swells of cymbal. [Aug 2009, p.88]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,75,"The purpose of Clues wasnt to outshine Penner or Reeds past successes, but to make great new music. And on Clues, they do just that."
New Musical Express (NME),72,"Striking stylistic tics like this pop up all over Clues, and the contextualizing effect is undeniable: for good or ill, its nigh impossible to hear this album anew, free from preconceptions."
Prefix Magazine,70,"One hears a variety of influences on this 2009 release, including no wave, psychedelic rock, art rock, 1980s post-punk, Brit-pop, and even folk at times; all of those influences serve Clues well, and all of them add to the intrigue on their promising debut album."
The A.V. Club,70,"Clues offer precisely that: hints at considerable future potential, and, for any budding gumshoes keen to probe the mysterious fate of The Unicorns, arguably something of smoking gun."
Billboard,70,"The result is far from flawless, but Clues sparkles in the rough."
Spin,64,"There may be some excellent tracks on this record, but it mostly hints at better things to come down the line."
cokemachineglow,60,"Yet get past the grating AF-isms and theres some good tunes."

PopMatters,70,"This is a rather catchy, rather clever slice of electronica that you could easily find yourself falling in love with. It is also the kind of album that you could hate yourself for buying because you get off on the kind of tunes the Tweenies find annoying."
Drowned In Sound,70,"Though the songs are both numerous and short, theyre mostly a solitary musical idea that tends not to be explored too far, well done as it might be."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"In the case of Super Animal Brothers III, you can either sit down and dismiss Ear Pwr for daring to play a game with the music, or you can see the state of the board for what it is and roll the dice."
Pitchfork,60,"They veer with a refreshing lack of caution from toytown techno and smart-alec wordplay t the squeaky space-hopper electro of 'Discover Your Colors.' [Aug 2009, p.104]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,56,"Where Deacon infuses his day-glo riots with brainy intent, EAR PWR recycle the worst tendencies of electroclash: the lackluster rapping and willful inanity. It's frustrating because there's ample evidence that EAR PWR aren't compensating for being shitty at music, they're just dumbing down."
AllMusic,55,"The net effect here is that Super Animal Brothers III is the stem of a great dance record with some irony smeared on it, shit-on-canvass style. Sure, it ends up making a statement, butwhy?"
Austin Chronicle,40,"Super Animal Brothers III sounds exactly as expected; a dorm room drum machine experiment attempting to capture the zeitgeist of Generation Ritalin, permanently jacked to eleven with no real idea as to why."
Uncut,40,"This synth-heavy dance assault shows tons of promise but just misses the emotional mark. [Summer 2009, p.70]"
Austin Chronicle,20,"Booze and Reynolds maintain a consistent level of awfulness throughout, but really bring their A-game to songs like the bludgeoningly-repetitive 'Sparkly Sweater,.'"

AllMusic,90,"21st Century Breakdown is even better, so masterful and confident it makes Idiot seem like a warm-up."
New Musical Express (NME),88,"It could have easily gone any of several wrong ways, but Green Day's punk has long since been tempered with pop's most attractive attributes, and 21stCentury Breakdown, like its predecessor, is unapologetically accessible and relentlessly exhilarating."
Tiny Mix Tapes,88,"Its musical and lyrical themes recur without fuss, and each track has its own strong identity that speaks to but isn't weighed down by the larger (and beneficially looser) narrative."
Uncut,83,"Green Day took small steps out of its comfort zone on American Idiot, but Breakdown finds the band going bolder, mixing in elements of mariachi ('Peacemaker') and klezmer ('Viva La Gloria!'). Still, the band members never spend too much time away from their bread and butter: heavily melodic punk."
Under The Radar,80,"Bold, ambitious and revelling in the chaos of the age, 21st Century Breakdown is another perfect document of our times. [Jun 2009, p.114]"
Spin,80,"More remarkable than the variety and risk-taking pursued by the band are the melodies themselves."
No Ripcord,80,"It's a state of the union address, an apocalyptic protest album. It also sounds phenomenal."
Pitchfork,80,"The band manages to have 21st Century Breakdown work on a grand scale without losing either their punk or pop roots, which makes the album not only a sequel to 'American Idiot,' but its equal."
PopMatters,80,"Were left with a sprawling, obvious, uber-commercial, stoopid punk-pop album that might just stop five million American idiots from voting for a war-mongering Republican baby-slaughterer when they grow up. Works for me."
Slant Magazine,80,"The album is a call to arms for the digital age, and 20 years into its career, Green Day's ambition continues to dazzle."
Q Magazine,80,"Green Day's latest is a collection of powerful songs worth waiting nearly five years for."
Dusted Magazine,78,"While the third and final act charges toward resolution with supreme fury, 21st Century Breakdown ultimately gets caught between panic and fledging promise."
AllMusic,75,"Give credit where thrashing, three-chord credit is due, however: No matter how arrested their style and subject matter, Green Day remain remarkably good at high-blast anthems that burrow directly into the pogo-ing, lizard-brain id."
New Musical Express (NME),70,"21st Century Breakdown is far from a bad album, and, like Idiot, will likely be the best release this year from such a popular band."
Delusions of Adequacy,70,"As a thinker, Armstrong isn't always comprehensible or original, but he knows how to communicate his frenzied thoughts enjoyably."
musicOMH.com,70,"While the disc does get bogged down with a little too much force-feeding of the Christian and Gloria characters (just like Idiot's Jimmy and Whatshername), it's a safe bet that the listener will come out the other end having largely enjoyed the last 70 minutes and 18 tracks."
PopMatters,60,"Armstrong's anti-establishment shtick has lost some of its impact. [Jun 2009, p.102]"
Under The Radar,60,"Like its predecessor, 21st Century Breakdown delivers less than it promises; its more successful as a rock album than as a rock opera."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Armstrong, bassist Mike Dirnt, and drummer Tr Cool push Idiot's conceits even further on 21st Century Breakdown, a slick, class-obsessed, 70-minute, 18-song, three-act cycle that trades Bush-era indignation for Obama-era resignation."
The Guardian,60,"If it seems a little less bold, a little less surprising than its predecessor, you still wouldn't bet against 21st Century Breakdown repeating its success."
Pitchfork,60,"The story is hard to follow, but after a few listens the bands rallying cries take shape."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"Such quality care is evident throughout most of Breakdown, and, as such, individual moments positively glisten, even if the widescreen view of Breakdown feels a bit muddled and confused, the whole actually being less than the sum of its parts."
Drowned In Sound,60,"Melodic pop-punk is the point, after all, and on that level its a success. Even with a muddled message, credit is due for the ambition it takes to vent these modern frustrations and break free from the shackles of verse-chorus-verse."
musicOMH.com,50,"I don't like right-wing Christianists either. But as every oppressed teen in the right-wing orbit knows full well, they're not as garbled and simplistic as Armstrong's anthems insist."
Pitchfork,50,"Bloated, culturally inconsequential and decidedly average, the net result is a band getting far too high on an over-inflated sense of self-importance to the deafening chimes of cash registers the world over."
Dot Music,48,"The performances are blandly professional, because any major-label rock band of Green Day's abilities could shit this stuff out in their sleep, and emotionally inert. This is the crafting of a modern epic as a dreary day-job routine."
New Musical Express (NME),40,"Instead of idling into wry balladry of the later works of their obvious idols The Replacements, which would have suited Green Day well, they've affected the airs of Serious Artists. [Jul 2009, p.88]"
Q Magazine,40,"It is overbearing, pretentious, huge, and begrudgingly catchy, but most importantly, it unveils a band without direction."
Uncut,40,"Maybe if you've heard one Green Day rock opera, you've heard them all. Anyone who owns American Idiot probably won't need its lesser twin, and those who steered clear won't come groveling for forgiveness."
No Ripcord,30,"Mostly, the overkill of professionalism just makes me yearn for the early Green Day material I grew up with: sloppy, abrasive, and most importantly, aware of what they can and can't pull off."

Alternative Press,83,"Enigk still gets into the danger zone occasionally with his lyrics, but for those rooting for a return to form, OK Bear should work perfectly."
Urb,71,"OK Bear is a good album--it won't blow you away, but I get the sense from listening that Enigk is confident enough in his music not to need to blow you away."
Rolling Stone,60,"Fans of his Sunny Day Real Estate and Fire Theft days should be satisfied here. However, those who cringe at spiritual lyrics that make multiple references to the powers that be (and not as an ironic allusion to the Joss Whedon-verse) may need to look elsewhere."
Spin,50,"Enigk's undeniably rich and powerful voice has never sounded better, and his enigmatic lyrics remain resplendent with biblical imagery and magnetic poetry-engineered spiritual vagaries, but in removing the complex arrangements that have haunted nearly every one of his post-Sunny Day projects, he's exposed his weakest batch of songs to date."
Boston Globe,50,"That penchant for swollen, cathedralsize arrangements--particularly on Coldplaylike cuts 'Late of Camera' and 'In a Look'--is a weakness, but hopefully, Enigk will learn to shake it off in favor of leaner renditions of his winning, winsome tunes."

AllMusic,80,"They will need to move on eventually, but for now Bricolage are just fine doing what they are doing, and their debut delivers on the promise of their early singles and then some. Edwyn (and Vic and James) should be proud."
Billboard,60,"The band clearly understands what their strengths are, and the decision to continuously return to them, keeping the songs simple, short, and straightforward, staves off boredom while covering very little territory."
Prefix Magazine,60,"But for all its shortcomings, Bricolage is at least well intentioned and definitely well executed--frenetic, tightly instrumented, and performed with aplomb."
Entertainment Weekly,60,"Throughout, however, the record teeters on the brink of Postcard Records pastiche, with Graham Wann's wavering vocals and the record's constant references to omnibuses and sixth-form poets threatening to buckle its charms."
The A.V. Club,50,"Stuart Murdoch loves Felt, but his records didnt ape its sound. The members of Bricolage (wherever they are) could take a lesson from its fellow Glaswegian."
Paste Magazine,30,"Bricolage is as a sometimes fun but mostly ambitionless and unnecessary project."

No Ripcord,80,"At her best, her pace is furious, and keeping up is exhilarating."
Blender,75,"Her solo turn on the morning-after ballad 'I Don't Remember' hints at something deeper under the high-gloss sheen"
Hartford Courant,63,"Originally intended as a triptych divided into one hip-hop-flavored disc, another featuring futuristic club cuts and yet another of seductive ballads, this final version is intriguing but inconsistent."
PopMatters,60,"Even if Ciara imaginatively develops the 'Super C' superhero introduced in the disc's booklet, she and her collaborators will have to work extra hard on the next album to ensure that she does not stall in a creative cul de sac."
Hot Press,60,"While Fantasy Ride doesn't include as many obvious peaks as Ciara's previous discs, the only major disaster is 'Like a Surgeon,' which is filled with creepy, ill-conceived metaphors for sex and should not to be confused with Weird Al's 'Like a Virgin' parody. And that makes Fantasy Ride Ciara's smoothest ride to date."
Mojo,60,"If she's sweating, though, it's not audible. As per usual Ciara, a singer who prizes rhythm over texture and technical fluency, can't do much to outmaneuver the beats, which are consistently inventive here."
Q Magazine,60,"Ciara is most comfortable in the nook of choreography-driven tracks....What Fantasy Ride lacks are the career-defining highs of songs like 'Promise' and 'Like a Boy,' songs that were romantic and indelible and altogether original."
Observer Music Monthly,60,"On 'High Price,' where she takes her vocals to an opera-like pitch, and her collaboration with the-Dream, 'Lover's Things,' whose faint tenor would seem like an ideal match, Ciara seems to go almost unnoticed. Thankfully, 'Work,' featuring Missy Elliott, has Ciara showing fly-girl antics over a house-like, clap-laden production, and the breakup song 'Never Ever,' featuring Young Jeezy, which samples 'If You Don't Know Me by Now,' pick up the slack."
Uncut,60,"The pros outweigh the cons on Fantasy Ride, but the overall experience might fall a little short for seasoned fans."
NOW Magazine,60,"Fantasy Ride is at worst a highly competent contemporary R&B album. It's also oftentimes thrilling, which is no small feat considering how much the album was labored over and how often its format and players were changed."
musicOMH.com,50,"On her third release, the queen of the club wastes way too much time trying to convince the listener that she's some kind of chanteuse....When she puts the emphasis back on the groove, which is about half the album, however, Ciara soars."
Dot Music,50,"Ciara sounds a bit incidental on her third disc's dance jams. She fares even worse whenever the tempo drops, thanks to meek vocals and a stale sensibility."
Pitchfork,50,"It's not just that 'Love Sex Magic' is the highlight, it's Fantasy Ride's only saving grace."
Under The Radar,44,"A few brilliant left turns that feel almost accidental mixed in with a sort of end-times hunger for a top-40 audience that doesn't seem to exist anymore."

New Musical Express (NME),90,"The spontaneous sounding arrangements--topped by Watson's uniquely mercurial voice--are at turns ornate, grand and subtle, but never less than totally bewitching."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Wooden Arms, on the other hand, bears the sound of something far more collaborative and just that little bit more complete. Our refound love for musical vanguards should therefore also extend to Patrick Watson."
Slant Magazine,80,"More ambitious than on past efforts, Watson slips through quiet night spaces, and like Sendak's Max, puts on his wolf suit, making mischief of one kind, then another, until Wooden Arms flares with his vibrant energy."
Austin Chronicle,70,"The songs certainly stand on their own, but Watson makes them sound incredible."
The Guardian,68,"It's Watson's voice we're missing most from the overwhelming instrumentation, and after hearing the Buckley-esque transcendence that his vocals are capable of, it's more than disappointing to hear them take second chair. [Spring 2009, p.106]"
cokemachineglow,60,"Less immediate than its predecessor, Wooden Arms takes several plays before the haunting melodies and more obtuse textures draw you in."
The Boston Phoenix,60,"Tellingly, they're at their most beguiling when taking chances. [Jun 2009, p.134]"
Entertainment Weekly,60,"He's lost his way a little bit here. [Jun 2009, p.109]"
The New York Times,33,"Patrick Watson doesn't do foundation work exceedingly well. Yet this is not to say that there aren't moments on Wooden that suggest songcraft was the foremost urge."

Hartford Courant,80,"As debuts go, True Romance is an astonishing statement of intent  if theyve got any more ideas left after the 10 tunes here we could have a rather special band on our hands."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"While revelling in the dewy-eyed but wistful feel of 80s new pop and the Beach Boys, it sounds more timeless than retro."
Mojo,80,"Classic pop songwriting with a twist is the order of the day, with watertight barbershop harmonies spooned onto layers of intricately arranged organ, while lyrics are unabashedly lovestruck. [Jun 2009, p.93]"
AllMusic,70,"We're not reviewing the single, rather the accompanying album, which after all that promise is something of a minor let down."
Boston Globe,70,"They take their blue-eyed romanticism deadly serious, asking, 'Wouldn't it be sweet if you could die from a broken heart?' like genuine kamikazes of love."
Los Angeles Times,70,"True Romance is more intriguing than any talk of peppy pop songs would suggest."
Uncut,60,"On this debut LP they layer Britpop cheer with glam, funk, electro and Beach Boys harmonies, in a manner that's both tuneful and arch. [Jun 2009, p.123]"
The Guardian,40,"With their abilities to self-censure and decide at what's fundamentally good gone seriously awry, the results are more likely to induce a rolling of eyeballs and suppressed sniggers rather than gasps of admiration."

PopMatters,87,"If she has more misanthropic stuff like this up her A Camp sleeve? Hey-forget the Cardigans, and bring it on."
Urb,80,"A proper, fully formed record rather than a side-project doodle, Colonia is where artistic integrity meets pop conviction in a curious, deranged yet compelling sing-along."
Dusted Magazine,80,"Listening to the album as a whole, it's satisfyingly compact, a neatly produced record with stand-out tracks and growers."
NOW Magazine,80,"It's rich, beguiling stuff. [Mar 2009, p.78]"
Drowned In Sound,80,"That darker side of Persson gives Colonia many of its most beautiful moments and includes some of her best vocal work to date."
cokemachineglow,80,"This is a fine pop album; it bites as well as bops. [Spring 2009, p.96]"
Pitchfork,70,"Beguiling, gorgeous stuff--and smartly funny, too."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Colonia is what pop music might have sounded like in the era of gaslights and guillotines."
Under The Radar,70,"On her second album under the name A Camp, Persson drapes herself in breezy '60s-pop arrangements, lamb's-wool duds that dress some deadly ideas."
Uncut,70,"Persson sounds cute and tender, even while comparing love to a shotgun, shining some midnight sun on these dark, alluring songs."
New Musical Express (NME),67,"Colonia is mostly careful to use its expanded palette of sounds for subtle shading rather than gratuitous effect."
NOW Magazine,60,"Colonia has nothing like its predecessor's consistency of tone, but Persson strikes gold with two siren calls worthy of the last, desperate, doom-laden Abba albums. [Mar 2009, p.109]"
AllMusic,60,"Colonia may share with the Cardigans' late records that polished yet entirely too comfortable sound that reveals few insights, but it deftly presents Persson's uncomfortable vision of a world with little left to hold onto."
Lost At Sea,60,"Colonia is an adequate collection of craftman-like retro pop. [Spring 2009, p.64]"
musicOMH.com,60,"Despite its pristine arrangements, Colonia turns into sonic NyQuil about halfway through, and ends up a low-day--albeit impeccable-sounding-listen. [Jun 2009, p.102]"
Filter,58,"Too bad her sharpest one-liners on Colonia get buried in a wash of pastoral easy listening."
Pitchfork,50,"Colonia plays it safe by gathering together various aspects of the Cardigans/Camp catalogue and adorning them to the brim with pretty, but unsatisfying decoration."
Prefix Magazine,50,"Colonia peters out with three laments that lose their power when grouped together, and two instrumentals that waste opportunities to hear more of that wonderful voice."
Under The Radar,50,"As a whole, Colonia takes on a very operatic, larger than life, almost ABBA-esque quality, which grows a bit tired as the album winds down."
Alternative Press,40,"THe lush '60s pop arrangements are scuppered by overly introspective lyrics. [Mar 2009, p.93]"
Delusions of Adequacy,30,"Colonia has an awful lot of ideas, but doesnt really know what to do with them and the majority of tracks end up sounding messy and--like the rest of us following Christmas--carrying a little too much extra weight."

PopMatters,80,"This is the sound of the Noughties  electro enough without being harsh, interesting without being over-cool, quirky without being weird. Empire Of The Sun have cracked the perfect blend of fond reflection and sexy new frontier frisson. If this is what the future sounds like, then it's going to be beautiful."
Uncut,80,"They're silly but their songs demand to be taken seriously, just like Prince, Ultravox and Bowie. And yes, they're like MGMT--in that they're great."
AllMusic,80,"His latest spin-off project sees Steele's musical wanderlust pay dividends. [Mar 2009, p.98]"
Billboard,80,"The group's debut album, Walking On A Dream, is a highly visual experience. [Spring 2009, p.71]"
Prefix Magazine,64,"Although Empire tries mightily, they collapse underneath too many ideas before the record is even half over."
Boston Globe,60,"When they are on, they are very good, as their relaxing  yet strangely dance-worthy  grooves seem almost effortless. Yet, way too often, the duo simply bite off more than they can chew, meaning that when they are off, a 2nd listen almost seems like a chore."
Austin Chronicle,60,"Is Walking On A Dream the sound of things to come then? Clearly not. Empire Of The Sun's grand ambitions are certainly worth applauding, but unfortunately they amount to nothing more than a cold and pale facsimile of the superior conquests of others who have trod these lands before."
Delusions of Adequacy,60,"It's obvious that they've spent a while cultivating a specific look, but they seem to have only spent half of that time on the album."
Tiny Mix Tapes,60,"The album's surfaces gleam, but its flower-power proselytising never quite dispels the notion of Empire of the Sun as MGMT copyists with pretensions."
Pitchfork,60,"I applaud the duo's unpredictability but wish they would calm down a bit."
AllMusic,60,"The opening tunes are strong, but in the later half mannered singing and pretentiousness bring back memories of the Thompson Twins. [Mar 2009, p.110]"
PopMatters,60,"'Half Mast' and the 'Without You' are exquisite pangs of millionaire's melancholy, even if there aren't enough of them to sustain a whole album. [Mar 2009, p.85]"
Spin,60,"Their debut sounds like Europop on Special K."
Prefix Magazine,60,"Walking on a Dream initially sounds as familiar as montage music in an HBO midday movie, but it will haunt your dreams."
NOW Magazine,60,"Empire of the Sun's debut offering of electro-pop experiments and dancefloor daydreams is well timed indeed, arriving just as the buzz surrounding MGMT's 'Oracular Spectacular' has started to recede."
Under The Radar,50,"Much of the album bathes radio-friendly funk-rock in a kind of Balearic after-glow--it conjures that feeling of bittersweet triumph many will have felt as last night becomes this morning, the conquering of a dark that is now needed if sleep and recovery from such an act is to be possible."
New Musical Express (NME),50,"Unfortunately, despite the well-developed '80s image, the music emulated is not anything worth reviving."
Alternative Press,40,"Thankfully this album is only 10 tracks long, otherwise I don't think I could have sat all the way through it. I had trouble enough as it is."
AllMusic,40,"Sadly, the intrigue and theatricality wane midway through 'Delta Bay' and never return."

PopMatters,83,"It's all hook-riddled, fast, and ephemeral, and if you don't love it, your tie's too wide."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Although the roster of the newly formed act Tinted Windows is a bit of a head-scratcher--middle Hanson brother Taylor Hanson, Fountains of Wayne's Adam Schlesinger, former Smashing Pumpkin James Iha and Cheap Trick drummer Bun E. Carlos--it all seems to make sense after one listen to the supergroup's self-titled debut."
Pitchfork,75,"Tinted Windows self-titled debut is a buzzy, thumping, rousingly tuneful set of songs about broken hearts and adolescent need; its as wonderfully shallow and cleverly arranged as the classics of the genre."
Under The Radar,70,"Bun E's very presence suggests that Tinted Windows might have a bit of Cheap Trick's feverish rock & roll, but the group errs on the side of caution, the product of a bunch of longtime veterans getting back to basics and playing their first love. While the former cancels out the latter ever so slightly--there's not much abandon here, only precision--the pleasure of the popcraft outweighs much of the caution in the construction, especially when the insistent hooks are delivered with such puppy-dog earnestness by Taylor Hanson."
Pitchfork,60,"Though the songs recall the Fountains' smart, well-crafted material, they lack that band's detailed lyrics (typical line: 'All I really want to say/Is I need you every day'). But these likable tunes usually hit their modest marks."
The A.V. Club,60,"Tinted Windows' debut is even less left-field; these hook-crammed power-pop jams are safe and bouncy enough for Jo Bros fans and Stacy's mom alike."
Tiny Mix Tapes,35,"Ultimately, the whole of Tinted Windows is so much less than the sum of its considerable parts that it's almost tragic."
PopMatters,30,"Listeners are subjected to nothing more than a glorified boy band trying desperately to recapture a second wind."
Paste Magazine,20,"Everyone plays it safe, no one takes a risk, and the end result is the most forgettable pop album to be released so far this year."

Under The Radar,100,"With Nothing, Manchester Orchestra have created what will ineveitably be regarded as one of the landmark releases of 2009, and more noticeable they've exceeded the hype that's surrounded them for nearly three years. [May 2009, p.109]"
Blender,91,"The young band has learned a great secret: Its possible to make a massive, commercial, go-for-the-gusto Rock Record while still holding on to dark idiosyncrasies and seriousness of purpose."
Uncut,80,"The unabashed emotion in their all-out approach will surely appeal to fans of raw yet sentimental Southern rock, Weezer and Modest Mouse followers, and angst-ridden teens."
Austin Chronicle,80,"Despite a couple of forgettable tracks near the end (the bland Tony The Tiger, and the overlong Everything To Nothing) then, this is an album that wears its befuddled, het-up, over-emotional heart on its sleeve, and is all the better, less slick and more interesting for it."
PopMatters,80,"Mean Everything to Nothing is an excellent record, but no better or worse than its predecessor. Its just different."
Prefix Magazine,78,"This sort of sincerity is what makes a good album, and it's what too many records these days are missing. [Spring 2009, p.100]"
Uncut,70,"With this foulmouthed, backsliding rock, Hull and his flock do Dixie real proud."
cokemachineglow,70,"Manchester Orchestra are from Atlanta and play loud/quiet grunge. Nothing new then, but fans of the Pixies and Weezer will love it."
Billboard,70,"Everything also packs enough stadium-rocking grit for Kings of Leon-loving heathens. Lord help them."
Blender,60,"Hull's mistakes are few on Mean Everything to Nothing, an album that probably signals the youngster coming into his own."
AllMusic,60,"Mean Everything to Nothing has its moments and shows Hull to be a decent enough songwriter, but there's ultimately too much outright mimicry on display and not enough originality for it to have any longevity."
Tiny Mix Tapes,55,"Though Manchester Orchestras dedication points to the possibility of good things in the future, Mean Everything to Nothing falls largely flat."
Under The Radar,52,"When they're satisfied with rocking the fuck out, they do it exceedingly well, but when they try to acquire the adult answers, they'd do well to chill out and enjoy being young."
Pitchfork,40,"Thir second album is suitably heavy on post-adolescent angst but, for all frontman Andy Hull's best efforts, singularly lacking it's own voice. [Jun 2009, p.134]"

Los Angeles Times,83,"But given the infectiously goofy tunes on Love the Future--the Beastie Boys covering the Beach Boys?--it might not be long till Wallach's girl trouble is real."
The Boston Phoenix,80,"Could this really be Chester French's first album? Love the Future sounds too wise--and too catchy--to possibly be the debut from recent Harvard grads D.A. Wallach and Max Drummey"
musicOMH.com,80,"Chester French have deftly balanced the thrills of newness with the reliability of the old--not bad a for a couple of graduates."
Rolling Stone,70,"Their major-label debut gets by on smarmy-smooth suburban- pop melodies, cheeky genre mash-ups, and good bad jokes."
Q Magazine,60,"Too intelligent and well-crafted to dismiss but too disjointed and self-indulgent to really embrace, Love the Future is equally frustrating and promising."
Uncut,60,"The end result isn't quite as lovable as they'd like."
Billboard,60,"Though a few of the songs on Love the Future fail to capture the spark of their early successes, overall its a fairly impressive introductory statement."
Hot Press,40,"The band's way with a catchy hook and a summery, laid back vibe may yet see them overtake Maroon 5, but that's where their lofty thoughts should settle for now."
Pitchfork,30,"None of the bands stylistic flourishes are pulled off well enough to convince you they could do one style effectively, nonetheless the 10 they try out here."
AllMusic,30,"Though theres a lot to dislike, theres also the bones of something interesting here. If only theyd stuck with making more numbers like the enticing Adam Green-ish gypsy pop of Neal, they might just have won us over."
Hartford Courant,20,"Their full-length debut--anchored by sunny 60s-style pop festooned with strings and heavy-handed synths--also includes a Portugese track, a classical-music interlude and (enough already!) a tap-dance routine."

Under The Radar,90,"My Maudlin Career is the kind of record that exists to reward those both mad, and sad, in love."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"Occasionally shrouded in sadness but with happiness always beating from its core, My Maudlin Career lays bare the sweet melancholy of love."
Austin Chronicle,89,"Its an infectious album that blooms repeatedly throughout, unfolding in muted, endearing aural hues; simultaneously sad and celebratory, and always charming."
Observer Music Monthly,83,"Maturity is a central concept to Camera Obscura--Campbell's found it in her singing, but in her lyrics, the search continues. The asymmetries in her personality give her songs their distinct character."
Spin,83,"Clever, catchy, and moody, Maudlin Career is what contemporary pop music should be. It is wholly as satisfying as Campbell is unsatisfied."
The Guardian,82,"The echo-chamber drums and forlorn strings crescendos that epitomize Camera Obscura's discography blossom on standouts like the Ronettes-like single 'French Navy,' country-rocker 'Forest And Sands,' and full-band travelogue pouter 'The Sweetest Thing.' [Spring 2009, p.100]"
Mojo,80,"If My Maudlin Career falls a tiny bit short of 'Let's Get Out of This Country,' and it does, it's only because that album was so wonderful."
MSN Consumer Guide (Robert Christgau),80,"This, their fourth album, feels like a breakthrough, more polished and poised to build on cult 2006 single 'Lloyd, Are You Ready to Be Heartbroken?'"
Blender,80,"The bands finest work, My Maudlin Career continues the pop rush weve come to expect from Camera Obscura but also develops the bands sound and identity in significant ways."
Rolling Stone,80,"The result is a flawless blend of sunny pop, Motown, blues and jazz with the cleanest production in Camera Obscura's catalog."
Spin,80,"My Maudlin Career offers soul and sophistication in abundance."
Pitchfork,80,"My Maudlin Career is a wonderful set of songs and can deservedly sit alongside Lets Get Out Of This Country while showcasing how far Camera Obscura have come since their patchy yet charming dbut, Biggest Bluest Hi-Fi."
NOW Magazine,80,"Her Dusty-meetsNancy tones glide as imperiously over violin-caressed opener 'French Navy' as on lustrous indie-country upgrade 'You Told A Lie,' reaching sublime lvels of heartache on the Spectoresque title track. [Jun 2009, p.109]"
AllMusic,80,"Campbell's gorgeous, heartbreaking and--well--maudlin songs deserve to be heard by an audience far wider than Camera Obscura's current cult- indie-pop devoteees. [Jun 2009, p.119]"
NOW Magazine,80,"As a unit, the group amassed some of the best music of their careers onto this singular, effusively sentimental, career."
Prefix Magazine,76,"My Maudlin Career is just such a uniformly endearing record. Its sentimental, yes, but pleasantly so, charming in its own little way."
Q Magazine,75,"Over the course of one great LP (2004s 'Underachievers Please Try Harder'), one pretty great one (2006s 'Lets Get Out of This Country'), and now My Maudlin Career, Camera Obscura have arrived at a sound centered on Campbells self-reflective loneliness and their lifting of all the best of 60s music--a sound they own by themselves."
Drowned In Sound,70,"It's the musical equivalent of the death of Bambi's mother: exquisitely rendered, but, once experienced for the first time, you need to steel yourself for subsequent visits."
Under The Radar,70,"Luckily, for both the album and its audience, the band's perseverance results in hits more often than misses."
Pitchfork,70,"On their fourth album, this Scottish indie-pop band's fondness for woeful heartache and Phil Spectoresque production reaches a poignant peak."
Dusted Magazine,70,"My Maudlin Career may not be the kind of album that breaks new ground or does anything particularly forward-looking musically, but what it lacks in that department it more than makes up for with intelligent pop hooks and some of the loveliest string arrangements of recent memory."
Mojo,70,"While the twinkling piano of the title track illustrates the sort of contained feeling that reminds us why the bar was set so high to begin with. Only the dull 'Careless Love' and unnecessary album closer 'Honey In The Sun' detract. [Spring 2009, p.65]"
New Musical Express (NME),70,"It might sound formulaic, if it weren't so gorgeous. [Jun 2009, p.102]"
Tiny Mix Tapes,67,"The songs work best when the band sticks to the balsa-wood wall of sound formula; they get into a spot of trouble when trying something different."
musicOMH.com,60,"Nothing is a strong as 'Hey Lloyd...' and Traceyanne Campbell's lachrymose croon is struggling to find new melodies, but on tracks like 'French Navy' and 'Honey In The Sun,' CO remain heartbreakingly lucid. [May 2009, p.80]"

The Guardian,91,"The album only has two full-fledged ballads, and while they dont burst with the same life as the rest of the record, they showcase the songwriting and performance chops that should earn Maria a notable career beyond this impressive debut."
Los Angeles Times,90,"Ida Maria throws herself into every song as if it's all a big finale, which makes for an auspicious beginning."
Entertainment Weekly,90,"The result of that little informal challenge is Fortress Around My Heart, the Norwegian singers debut album that expertly blends her throaty punk vocals with an infectious pop sensibility."
Boston Globe,80,"While the 23-year-old will make more complex music than this, it will be tough to come up with something more fun. [Aug 2008, p.140]"
Billboard,75,"Still, overreaching is a forgivable flaw on an otherwise accomplished debut, which usually sounds so confident in its creator's insecurities."
Blender,75,"Ida Maria plays the husky-voiced brunet banshee to the hilt, spinning tales of 43-year-old prostitutes ('Stella') and drunken benders ('Louie') with admirably fearless fervor."
The New York Times,75,"She makes time for more gentle numbers, like the misty empty-bed ballad 'Keep Me Warm,' but the general mood is a tough pirouette--a party album where staying out is your best defense from going home."
AllMusic,70,"The foursome sound like they're making it up as they go along on much of Fortress, and Sivertsen could go easier on the drunken confessionals. But you can only argue so much with an album this warm and tuneful."
Dot Music,70,"Its a confident, downright cracking debut record, and late to the party as we in North America may be, when the musics a fun as this, it hardly matters at all."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"Listeners will have to wait and see on that score, whether she grows up and calms down or if age only sharpens her rage, but for all her all-too-human flaws, with a set of songs this strong, it's safe to say her time has already arrived."
Rolling Stone,70,"The more conventional tracks prevent the album from reaching a true fever pitch, but even they are elevated by Maria's primal wail."
Slant Magazine,70,"Charmingly blunt and unpolished, Fortress instantly casts Maria as a distinctive talent among her established Scandinavian contemporaries."
Hartford Courant,60,"Shes great, but Lord, its heavy-going."
PopMatters,50,"There are moments of decently sassy pop-rock here, songs that you can just about see someone singing along to, hairbrush for microphone, in front of the mirror before a night out. But these moments are few and far between, and are exclusively the tracks featuring a vaguely vibrant BPM count."
Vibe,50,"A good first try for an album, but it's just not quite there yet."
NOW Magazine,40,"Sivertsen wants to be seen as out-of-control, but instead sounds more like she is pretending to be drunk."
The A.V. Club,40,"Maria too often comes across as someone who gives so much of herself to this record in an attempt to believe her own lie. [Spring 2009, p.76]"

musicOMH.com,80,"Owen and Hobbs could have just rewritten their debut note for note, but instead they have chosen to take us on a journey that many of us know all too well. Here's waiting for the next instalment."
Billboard,80,"Good news for those who loved the debuts melodies: plenty of material on The Law of the Playground gives that luxuriant pleasure."
The A.V. Club,75,"As strong and unusual as The Law of the Playground is, especially out of step in 2009, it never quite feels as inspired, as fraught with conflicted beauty, as past songs 'Paper Cuts' or 'Be Gentle With Me' or 'Monsters.'"
AllMusic,70,"The English duo's cheeky moniker implies some kind of inferiority complex, and while Owen is certainly not immune to wallowing, he spends the group's sophomore album examining loneliness and isolation through a number of different lenses."
Alternative Press,70,"Boasting enough sugary banjos, glockenspiels, and handclaps to give a Teletubby diabetes, The Boy Least Likely To animate their softly sung indie twang with nonstop hooks, bright production, and gently acknowledged adult anxieties. Beneath lyrics celebrating balloons and whiskers lie bittersweet longings."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Playground is a charming enough sequel, tailor-made for calm Saturday afternoon respites under the maples. [Winter 2009, p.70]"
Q Magazine,70,"While the idea of artistic maturity might seem anathema to the very appeal of the Boy Least Likely To, Playground marks the pair's awkward first steps toward adulthood."
Spin,60,"Anyone who fails to see the appeal of men in their 20s producing nursery-rhyme cuteness will find The Law of the Playground deeply irritating, but connoisseurs of this kind of thing will be in heaven."
Sputnikmusic,60,"A little less studio craft would have improved The Law of the Playground quite measurably and possibly put it on the same level as Best Party, since the songcraft and performances are nearly equal."
PopMatters,60,"The Brit indiepop act is still playing with glockenspiels and xylophones, churning out cute, charming tunes. But this time, the lyrics are a bit darker."
Blender,58,"Their songs do run deeper than they seem, but you have to listen closely and push through fluff. It was cute the first time, but now it's just awkward. [Winter 2009, p.97]"
Under The Radar,40,"It's all terribly cute and jaunty, with twee melodies and playground lyrics to the fore. [May 2009, p.107]"
Blender,30,"Now, theres nothing wrong with something throwaway now and again, but its difficult to stomach over the course of eleven tracks."

Q Magazine,80,"You Can Have What You Want falls a little short of the last record, Can't Go Back, just because it isn't as jaunty or light-hearted, but it is still an impressive work that should go a ways in providing some proof that the band has more depth and power than one might have thought if they just stuck to the surface"
Rolling Stone,80,"His third album, with its surprisingly upbeat title, makes good on the escalating promise of his previous releases. [May 2009, p.110]"
Entertainment Weekly,80,"This is much more than the sum of its parts, and a richly rewarding listen. [May 2009, p.95]"
The Boston Phoenix,75,"It isn't new indie-rock territory, and spring is certainly an odd time to release such a puzzling (and puzzled) record, but I couldn't stop listening to it."
musicOMH.com,74,"If these songs are low-voltage wires that hum, buzz, whir, purr but rarely jolt, they yield just enough electricity to light the way forward."
Hartford Courant,70,"You Can Have What You Want floats dusty folk-rock melodies in thick echo, giving the vocals an otherworldly cast."
Uncut,70,"The albums less immediate than Cant Go Back, and this is actually one of the things that makes it, in the end, probably more lastingly entertaining."
Hot Press,70,"The point really, as it is with all of You Can Have What You Want, is that regardless of what era Papercuts are paying (unintentional) homage to, they always sound relevant and never out of step."
Mojo,70,"You Can Have What You Want demands the listener's utmost patience and attention before giving up its hidden treasures, but it is well worth the effort. [Spring 2009, p.67]"
Observer Music Monthly,60,"You Can Have What You Want is an insular recording, but it invites us even as it turns a shoulder toward us. And that insecurity is what makes it compelling."
Billboard,60,"By coloring within the lines of dream pop Quever has recorded a pleasant release but not necessarily one that goes beyond the normality of his band's moniker."
Los Angeles Times,52,"You Can Have What You Want is like 'Turn on the Bright Lights' (2002) without the drama, without a voice as deep or distinct as Paul Banks, and without the hooks. Instead of all that, Papercuts opt for a vague, beige production and generally indecipherable lyrics that may or may not be about some kind of futuristic utopia/dystopia."
cokemachineglow,50,"The slow, dusky familiarity and lack of dynamics make for more of a groundhog day than transcendence into any fifth dimension."
Boston Globe,50,"The album's somnolence isn't as much atmospheric as it is stultifying. The production is so thick that the songs that do work."

No Ripcord,80,"Theres enough depth and variety here to keep you entertained after the first listen."
Prefix Magazine,70,"This new one is definitely worth checking out, or maybe even seeking out, if you dig the whole African guitar Indie rock thing. If you dont, you may still be pleasantly surprised."
Spin,60,"Pomegranates may need some more time to ripen fully, but Everybody, Come Outside! will still be a treat to some palettes."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"Although we have a hard time following along with this one's theme, we do enjoy the music in spurts. [Jun 2009, p.103]"
Paste Magazine,50,"As a whole, the album is doggedly consistent and relatively pleasant, which is its major problem: There is nothing particularly surprising or interesting here."

AllMusic,90,"Without hyperbole, it is one of the most fun, vibrant, rewarding, intelligently structured pop records to shimmy through these parts in quite some time, taking cues from whichever electro-punk-pop-DIY-indie-sludge-rock hybrid 21-year-old Londoner Mica Levi fell in love with when she was 14."
The Guardian,86,"Micachus album has all the markers of quirky chic--an unusual voice, a fairly well-known producer, and a distinctive approach centered around pastiche."
Slant Magazine,80,"Thrillingly improbable pop made by a grade-A maverick. Three cheers to that."
PopMatters,80,"It's a joyful sound when she cuts loose, and wedded to an attitude you wouldn't mess with, works a treat."
The A.V. Club,80,"Combining hard experimentation with soft introspection, her scrappy, lo-fi production wrapped in warmth, Micachu's sparkling pop will leave Little Boots shaking in her shoes."
Drowned In Sound,80,"21-year-old future-dystopian grime DJ breaks new ground."
Dot Music,80,"Jewellery is an extraordinary introduction to a unique talent. [Mar 2009, p.101]"
Pitchfork,80,"The shambling London trio Micachu & the Shapes embrace all manners of homemade noises on this cheeky debut, surprisingly produced by electronic experimentalist Matthew Herbert."
Austin Chronicle,80,"A wild funhouse of an album, Jewelleryis more challenging and idea packed (not to mention more fun) than a lot of self-proclaimed experimental music."
NOW Magazine,80,"Despite the up-tempo spunkiness of half the albums songs, the prevailing tone seems to be that of a musical android--equal portions ukulele and digital distortion."
AllMusic,80,"Micachu has made one of the strongest debuts of the year."
Spin,80,"Anyone who has found beauty in a chipped tooth or a grazed knee will find much to love here. Jewellery certainly doesnt suffer from a paucity of ideas, and the lyrical subjects are more than a match for the bands heterogeneous musical leanings."
New Musical Express (NME),80,"The 13 songs here average just 2:30 in length, but they cram a lot in."
Mojo,79,"Levi and her band sound more like the future than the past, at a moment when we desperately need some more future, and as much as I've come to dig this album's awkward, brash cacophony, I want to hear what they do next even more."
Boston Globe,75,"Levy's unorthodox and, in some cases, homemade instruments strum and stutter with calculated abandon; her heavy British accent slumps itself across this glitchy bubblegum arcade and blunts it."
Under The Radar,70,"Jewellery then is not quite the set of glittering pop gems its title implies but boasts a handful of rough diamonds nonetheless, fidgety and uncompromising though all the more enjoyable for it."
Filter,70,"Mica Levi leads her trio through this 28-minute cockeyed burst, each song a bizarre little post-punk contraption that sounds like its ready to fly apart and wreak havoc. Yet her debut is also insanely disorienting fun."
The Boston Phoenix,70,"At first, the overwhelming weirdnesswhether the listener finds that good or bad--precludes listening more analytically, and the whole experience seems crowded with random experimentation for its own sake. With a little patience, however, Jewellery soon orders itself."
Pitchfork,60,"Levi's eclectic debut strikes a winning balance between electro-glitch cacophony and shouty grrrl-pop. [Mar 2009, p.92]"
Blender,40,"The record is admirable for its crashing ambitions, but it unfortunately devolves into a tuneless, nearly unlistenable mire of avant-noise fragments. [Spring 2009, p.77]"
No Ripcord,30,"Jewellery, their latest album, plays like an act in a high school battle of the bands."

NOW Magazine,80,"Forays into medieval trip-hop ('The Last Laugh') and reggae-influenced indie pop ('Jelly Bean') stretch the boundaries of the album's bedrock, but it's fun to see folk music take such unexpected turns, especially when the destination sounds this enchanting."
PopMatters,80,"Populating that lyrical forest are knights, goblins, talking animals and ticking (shades of Peter Pan crocodiles), Costas spinning her offbeat tales like a young Suzanne Vega setting Brothers Grimm fables to music. It's all melodically accessible."
The Guardian,80,"The results are truly beguiling. [Jul 2009, p.104]"
Q Magazine,80,"It is to Costas and Burton's credit that they have fashioned such an enchanting album from such an unpromising premise."
Rolling Stone,80,"Food-obsessed lyrics tinged with medieval mischief."
Under The Radar,80,"The collaboration between British singer-songwriter Helena Costas and US hip-hop producer Danger Mouse, for a project called Joker's Daughter, seems unlikely, but it works surprisingly well. [Jul 2009, p.124]"
Uncut,73,"The result is a sparkling debut for her and one of his most interesting collaborations."
Entertainment Weekly,70,"Costas coos anachronistically whimsical and hallucinatory lyrics as if she were the ghost of an ill-fated fairy-tale heroine, and the haunted results suggest the greatest psych-folk obscurity you'll never afford on eBay."
Los Angeles Times,70,"Costas seemingly sifts through a junk shop toy instrumentation throughout The Last Laugh, and more often than not serendipitously find gold. [Spring 2009, p.66]"
The A.V. Club,70,"Ultimately this odd couple have made for a very merry musical marriage, artists from seemingly disparate musical backgrounds proving themselves capable of collaborating on music that is worth listening to in its own right, as opposed to merely being a interesting genre-crossing exercise."
Boston Globe,60,"Like Alice's Wonderland, the world of Joker's Daughter is freakish and marvelous by turns, a perfect soundtrack for your next mushroom tea party."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"If nothing else the lyrics are rich, although it gets tiresome to hear song after song of psychedelic fairytales over spaced out chimes and strings."
Pitchfork,40,"Helena Costas and Danger Mouse combine the formers folk pop proclivities with the latters penchant for hip-hop and psychedelia, and the results are mostly awkward and cumbersome."
The New York Times,40,"[Danger Mouse's] electronics in Lucid detract from the caper and the sub-Lily Allen skank of Jelly Belly is ill-advised, while The Running Goblins harpsichord mires it in a midden of shtick."

musicOMH.com,85,"This album, with all its unmoored, frenetic energy, is a fantastic pop album, even if it doesn't posit anything new."
PopMatters,83,"His debut, produced by fellow Seattleite Chris Walla of Death Cab For Cutie, projects an offhanded air, yet each song is precisely put together, and the whole thing speeds by in just over half an hour."
Mojo,80,"In its entirety the album is a great debut, toe-tapping and catchy with just the right blend of familiarity and individuality, and it should send a message to new bands: Simplicity is key."
Drowned In Sound,80,"On this debut, Lerner's gorgeous vocals, sunny melodies, and ultra-catchy choruses sound like a Fab Four fantasy trip as he logs extensive mileage in a rush of crisscrossing travelogue songs."
NOW Magazine,76,"Lerners honesty lasts forty-three minutes, and supplies the predictable yet scrumptious party-time melodies that chase away clouds like a sidekick."
Uncut,70,"If youre the sort of person who focuses on the fact that this album doesnt exactly bring a lot of revolutionary stuff to the table, that Lerners lyrics are a little clichd at their worst, that its a little too easy to slap Telekinesis! with the increasingly bland indie rock tag instead of focusing on the fact youre listening to a collection of sincere, intelligently constructed, often beautiful songs, then you probably shouldnt be bothering with this whole pop music thing in the first place."
PopMatters,70,"The album brims with quick 'from the gut' compositions that have been uncomplicatedly produced using simple instrumentation."
Prefix Magazine,70,"Simply put: an album stuffed with great, joyful songs."
Urb,63,"There is nothing original or novel about Telekinesis' music, but somewhat counterintuitively, its by-the-books professionalism is what makes it so effective."
Pitchfork,60,"As enjoyable as it can be, Telekinesis! is only good enough to make you wish it were better."
AllMusic,60,"Though the record could use a few more high points, there are enough hooky songs and exciting performances to make it very promising."
Alternative Press,40,"For a band that drafts so closely behind Death Cab for Cutie, Telekinesis' brilliant career launch of having Chris Walla produce its debut LP doesn't do much to distinguish the band from its idols."
Under The Radar,40,"Lerner's voice--pale and uninteresting, rather than poinant--allow his songs to sag. [Sep 2009, p.96]"

NOW Magazine,89,"The contrast of Moog buzz and the wordsmith's featherlight touch reaches full tilt with 'Hallelujah, Goodnight!' but takes a sharp left with the equally charismatic 'Bat Coma Motown,' where banjo and trumpet hug it out while dancing the Temptation Walk."
PopMatters,80,"Where the latter two releases felt like 'Hail Marys' tossed into the musical ether, Ocean serves as a return to the kind of sharp-tongued, Beatlesque retro-pop that fueled 2005's 'Novelist/Walking Without Effort' and the aforementioned 'Letdown.'"
The A.V. Club,80,"In this brilliant new time of directional change, the piano-led analogue boy is practically smiling his words out on the Mark Ronson-produced 'Ballad Of Old What's His Name'."
Tiny Mix Tapes,80,"Swift hasnt put out a bad record yet, but The Atlantic Ocean is his most solid effort yet, his best attempt at managing the dark-lit record store in his head."
Observer Music Monthly,80,"Swift's stock-in-trade remains droll, gently roistering piano songs, mostly indebted to Harry Nilsson. [May 2009, p.97]"
Lost At Sea,80,"The Atlantic Ocean is a sleek, meticulously crafted folk-rock record which mines a similarly vintage Harry Nilsson-charted territory as Wilco traversed on 'Sky Blue Sky.' [Spring 2009, p.68]"
Entertainment Weekly,70,"The sad sacks who populate such bitterly funny songs as 'Already Gone' and 'R.I.P.' linger in the mind long after the toe-tapping grooves have faded."
Blender,70,"If youre reading this, stick with it. It has some real rewards in the back end--my only hope is that the songs were recorded in chronological order, to suggest that this is the direction Swift will take future albums."
AllMusic,63,"Swift has figured out how to make pretty music, but he hasn't found anything compelling to say through it."
Q Magazine,60,"Most of the songs are pretty catchy, but never quite work their way into your consciousness."
The Guardian,60,"Despite sometimes dissolving into monotony, the mood remains light, and Swift's playfulness, evidenced by moments like the falsetto opening of 'Lady Luck,' keeps things in check."
New Musical Express (NME),60,"If the squelching synths of 'The Original Thought' irritate, the jauntiness elsewhere suggests he's thriving on a lack of commercial pressure. [May 2009, p.119]"
Boston Globe,60,"The Atlantic Ocean is impressive, at times even masterful, yet falters in reminding us more of what it lacks than of what it possesses."

